JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

From September the 24th, 1799,

In the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third,

T O

December the 31st, 1800,

In the Forty-first Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third.

Printed by Order of the House of Commons.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 5.

Vol. 55.

1C

JOURNALS

4

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 51.

Vol. 55.

D\§\\\zedi b\j

Message t# at *

tend Hit Ma-5diy.

Writ issued In Rcceft.

Member take Oaths.

Outlawry Bill read.

JOURNALS

v

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Martis, 240 die;

Anno 390 Georgii III. " Regis, 1799.

AMESSAGE from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attend- Mr. Speaker ed His Majesty, in the House of Peers; where His speech. Majesty was pleased to make a moll Gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament; of which, Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy; which he read to the House, and is as followeth; viz.

v Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to ttend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty;

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal so much of Two " Acts, made in the Tenth and Fifteenth Years of the " Reign of His present Majesty, as authorizes the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, for making out u Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, in the Manner therein mentioned, and for substituting other Provisions for the like Purposes," he had issued his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for thi Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Boroughbridge, in the County of York,. in the room of the Right honourable Sir John Scott, now Baron Eldon, called up to the House of Peers.

Several Members, returned upon new Writs, took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in, to the Clerk of this House, an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing Clandcstine Outlawries, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Vol. 35'

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I have called you together at this unusual Season, in order to recommend it to you to consider of the Propriety of enabling Me, without Delay, to avail Myself to a further Extent of the voluntary Services of the Militia, at a Moment when an Increase of our active Force Abroad may be productive of the most important and beneficial Consequences.

We have seen the happy Effects of the Measure which you adopted on this Subject in the last Session; and the Forces which I was thereby enabled to employ have already displayed, in the Face of the Enemy, a Courage, Discipline, and Steadiness, worthy of the Character of British Soldiers.

In the ftiort Interval since the Close of the last Session, Our Situation and Prospects have, under the Blessing of Providence, improved beyond the moll fan-guine Expectation. The Abilities and Valour of the Commanders and Troops of the Combined Imperial Armies have continued to be eminently displayed. The Deliverance of Italy may now be considered as secured by the Result of a Campaign, equal in Splendour and Success to any the most brilliant recorded in History; and I have had the Heart-felt Satisfaction of seeing the Valour of My Fleets and Armies successfully employed to the Assistance of My Allies, to the Support of Our just Cause, and to the Advancement of the most important Interests of the British Empire.

The Kingdom of Naples has been refeued from the French Yoke, and restored to the Dominion of its lawful Sovereign; and My former Connections with that Power have been renewed.

The French Expedition to Egypt has continued to be productive of Calamity and Dilgrace to Our Enemies, while its ultimate Views against Our Eastern Possessions have been utterly confounded. The desperate Attempt which they have lately made to extricate themselves from their Difficulties, has been defeated by the Courage of the Turkish Forces, directed by the Skill, and ani-

< mated

240 Septembris.

A. 1799.

mated by the Heroism of a Officer, with a small

Portion of My Naval Force under his Command; and the Overthrow of that restless and perfidious Power, who, instigated by the Artifices, and deluded by the Promises of the French, had entered into their-ambitious And destructive Projects in India, has placed the British interests in that Quarter in a State of solid and permanent Security. The Vigilance, Decision, and Wisdom of the Governor General in Council on this great and important Occasion, and the tried Abilities and Valour of the Commanders, Officers, and Troops employed under his Direction, are entitled to My highest Praise.

There is, I trust, ever)' Reason to expect that the Effort which I am making for the Deliverance of the United Provinces will prove luccefsful. The British Arms have refeued from the Pofiession of the Enemy the prin cipal Port and Naval Arsenal of the Dutch Republic; and although We have to regret the Lots of many brave Men in a subsequent Attack against the Enemy, whose Postion enabled them to obstruct Our Progress, I have the strongest Ground to expect that the Skill of My Generals, and the determined Resolution and Intrepidity of My Troops, and of those of My Allies, will soon surmount every Obstacle; and that the Fleet which, under the usurped Dominion of Fra, was destined to cooperate in the Invasion of these Islands, may speedily, I trust, under its antient Standard, partake in the Glory of restoring the Religion, Liberty, and Independence of those Provinces, lo long in intimate Union and Alliance with this Country.

While you rejoice with Me in the Events which add so much Lustre to the British. Character, you will, 1 am persuaded, as cordially join in the Sentiments so justly due to the Conduct of My good and faithful Ally the Emperor of Russia; to his Magnanimity and Wisdom, directing to so many Quarters of Europe the Force of his extensive and powerful Empire, We are, in a great Degree, indebted for the Success of Our own Efforts, as well as for the rapid and favourable Change in the general Situation of Affairs. I have directed Copies to be laid before you of those Engagements which have consolidated And cemented a Connection so consonant to the permanent interests of My Empire, and so important at the present Moment to every Part of the civilized World.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The ample Supplies which you have granted to Me, in the Course of the last Session, will, I trust, so nearly provide for the Exigencies of the Public Service, even on the extensive Scale which Our present Operations require, as to enable Me, without further Aid, to continue those Exertions to the Close of the present Year-But, in order to afford you the Convenience of a longer Recess, I recommend it to you to consider of providing lor the Expence which will be necessary in the early Part of the ensuing Years and with this View I have ordered the proper Estimates to be laid before you.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

In pursuance of your Recommendation, I judged it proper to communicate to My Two Houses of Parliament in Ireland, at the Close of their last Session, the Sentiments which you had expressed to Me respecting an incorporating Union with that Kingdom. The Experience of every Day confirms Me in the Persuasion, that signal Benefit would be derived to both Countries from that important Measure; and I trust that the Dif-position of My Parliament there will be found to correspond with that which you have manifested for the Ac-tomplishment of a Work which would tend so much to add to the Security and Happiness of all My Irish Subjects, and to consolidate the Strength and Prosperity of the Empire.

RefoheJ, That an humble Aik!refs be presented to Resolution fir His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this JUdids on House for His most Gracious Speech from the Throne: iSix':cll‘

To assure H is Majesty, that we shall proceed without Delay to consider of the Propriety of enabling His Majesty to avail Himself to a further Extent of the voluntary Services of the Militia, at a Moment when we are satisfied an Increase of our active Force Abroad maybe productive of the most important and beneficial Consequences:

That we have seen the happy Effects of the Measure adopted on this Subject in the last Session; and that we reflect with Pride that the Forces which His Majesty was thereby enabled to employ have already displayed in the Face of the Enemy a Courage, Discipline, and Steadi-nefj, worthy of the Character of British Soldiers:

That it is with the utmost Satisfaction we have observed the rapid Improvement of our Situation and Prof-pects which, under the Blessing of Providence, has taken place in the short Interval since the last Session; and we cordially congratulate His Majesty on the continued Display of the Abilities and Valour of the Commanders and Troops of the Combined Imperial Armies, and on the Deliverance of Italy, by the Result of a Campaign equal in Splendour and Success to any the most brilliant recorded in History; and that we warmly participate with His Majesty in the Satisfaction which must be excited in every British Heart, by seeing His Fleets and Armies successfully employed to the Assistance of His Allies, to the Support of our just Cause, and to the Advancement of the most important interests of the British Empire:

That, among the happy Effects of those Exertions, we rejoice to observe the Restoration of the Kingdom of Naples to the Dominion of its lawful Sovereign, and the Renewal of His Majesty's former Connections with that Power:

That we have witnessed, with Joy and Exultation, the glorious Exploits which have rendered the French Expedition to Egypt productive of fresh Calamity and DiP grace to our Enemies, and which have frustrated theic ultimate Views against our Eastern Possessions: That we cannot forbear to express our just Sense of the Courage of the Turkish Forces, and our warmest Admiration of the Skill and Heroism of a British Officer, by whose Efforts, with a small Portion of His Majesty's Naval Force under his Command, the desperate Attempt of the Enemy was defeated: That, while we rejoice in the additional Security which the British interests in India have derived from the Overthrow of that restless and perfidious Power, who, instigated by the Artifices, and deluded by the Promises of the French, had entered into their ambitious and destructive Projects, we join with His Majesty in affording the highest Praise to the Vigilance, Decision, and Wisdom of the Governor General in Council, and to the tried Abilities and Valour of the Commanders, Officers, and Troops, employed under his Direction, on this great and important Occasion:

That we trust that there is every Reason to expeCfc that the Effort which His Majesty is making for the Deli verance of the United Provinces will prove successful; and will, notwithstanding the Resistance which the Enemy has been enabled to oppose, speedily surmount every Obstacle; and we have already abundant Reason to rejoice in the first Success of the British Arms, which /

has refeued from the Pofi'ession of the Enemy the principal Port and Naval Arsenal of the Dutch Republic, and has opened the pleasing Prolpect that the Fleet which, under the usurped Dominion of , was

destined to co-operate in the Invasion of these Islands, may shortly, under its antient Standard, partake in the Glory of restoring the Religion, Liberty, and Independence of those Provinces, so long in intimate Union and Alliance with this Country:

That, rejoicing with His Majesty in Events which add so much Lustre to the British Character, we cor-h dially

39 Geo. III. 24° — 250

tlially join in the Sentiments so justly due to the Con. duct of His Majesty's good and faithful Ally the Emperor of Russia, to whose Magnanimity and Wifdorn, directing to l'o many Quarters of Europe the Force of his extensive and powerful Empire, we are in a great Degree indebted lor the Succels of our own Efforts, as well as for the rapid and favourable Change in the general Situation of Affairs: That we acknowledge His Majesty's Goodness in having directed Copies to be laid before us of those Engagements which have consolidated and cemented a Connedlion so consonant to the permanent Interests of His Majesty's Empire, and so important at the present Moment to every Fart of the civilized World:

That we learn with Plcafqre that the ample Supplies, which we granted to His Majesty in the Course of the last Session, will so nearly provide for the Ex;gencies of . the Public Service, even on the extensive Scale which our present Operations require, as to enable His Majesty, without further Aid, to continue those Exertions to the Close of the present Year: That we will without Delay consider of providing for the Expence which will be pe-cessary for the early Part of the Year, the proper Estimates for which His Majesty has ordered to be laid ber fore us:

That we beg to return His Majesty our sincere Thanks for having, in pursuance of our Recommendation, judged it proper to communicate to His Two Houses of Parliament in Ireland, at the Clole of their last Session, the Sentiments which we had expressed to His Majesty, respecting an incorporating Union with that Kingdom: That we continue to be satisfied, that lignal Benefit would be derived to both Countries from that important Measure; and that we trull, that the Disposition of His Parliament there will be found to correspond with that which we have manifested for the Accomplishment of a Work, which would tend so much to add to the Security and Happiness of all His Majesty's Irish Subjects, and to consolidate the Strength and Prosperity of the Empire.

Committeeap- Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up Sraw'u Ad- an -Address, to be presented to His Majesty upon the said Resolution:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. fevre, Mr. El ford, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Attorney General, Mr, Solicitor General, Mr. the Lord HazvLsbury, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Mr. Bur don,

the Lord Arden, Mr. Wallace, the Lord Mr.

Thornton, Mr. Alderman Curtis, Mr. Long, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Villiers, Mr. Bragge, Mr. Nepean, Mr. John , Mr. Amyatt, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Adams, or any Five of

them; and they are to withdraw, immediately, into the Speaker's Chamber.

King' Speech Ordered, That His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to letmed, both Houses of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Correspon- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies and Extraefs of such Parts of the Correspondence with Tippoo between the Governor General and the Governments of sultan, or- India, respectively, with the Court of Directors and the dued' Secret Committee thereof, as relate to Hostilities with the late Tippoo Sultan, from Lord Arrival

in Bengal to the last Advices received.

And then the Koufe adjourned till To-rnorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

VOL. 55.

1

Septembris

5

Mercuric 2 50 Septembris j

Anno 39 Georgii IIJm Regis, 1799, Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown,-to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Commissioner, to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Edinburgh, in the room of the Right honourable Robert Dundas, who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Joint Clerk and Keeper of the General Registers for Seafins and other Writs in Scotland,

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion'do fit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Just tice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges be appointed:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Bragge, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Mr.?

Mr. Pybus, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Penn, Mr. Steele, Mr. Buxton, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Shaw Lefevre, Mr. Vanjittart, Mr. Perceval, Mr. Grey, Ibrd William

Russell, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Dent, Mr. Stuart, Mr. Dickinson, Mr. Amyatt, Mr. Secretary at War, Sir

Francis Sykes, Mr. Strachey, Mr. Praed, Mr. Hankey, Mr. Bouverie, Mr. Garthjhore, Mr. , Mr. Ellison,

Mr. Yorke, Mr. WilbrahamBootle, Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Abbot, Mr. Baker, the Lord Arden, Mr. Jones, Mr, Martin, Mr, Frere, Sir William Heathcote, the Lord

Hazvkesbury, Mr, Wallace, Mr. Keene, Sir William Geary, Mr. John Fane, Sir Edward Mr. Hiley Ad-

dington; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants in the House j And they are to meet upon Monday Sevennight, at Seven of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to fit every Wednesday, Friday, and Mondain the Afternoon j and all who come are to have Voices; and they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching Privileges 5 and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, from Time to Time; and the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information and, if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Matter of Privilege of any Member, he is to withdraw during the 'Jup? the Matter is jn Debate,

Ordered, That all Persons, who will question any Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, do question the same within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in; and that all Members, who are returned for Two or more Places, do make their Election by this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place; and, if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Return or Election of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate; and that all Members, returned' upon Double Returns, do withdraw till their Returns spe determined,

Refilved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to lerve in Parliament.

C Refilled 1

Edinburgh (tyre Wm,

Grand Committcos appointed.

Committee of

Privileges appointed *

Other Order made *

6 25 0 Sebtetitbris.. i 790 *

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned, a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or- indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a High Crime.and Misdemeanor; and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath given false Evidence, in any Case, before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great , foi any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections- of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Resolved, That, in all Qafes of Controverted Elections for Counties in England and the Petitioners

do, by themselves or by their Agents, within a convenient Time, to be appointed by the House, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lists of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members; giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Members do, by themselves, or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lifts on their Part, to the Petitioners or their Agents.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, take into his Custody any Stranger, or Strangers, that he shall lee, or be in-' formed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speaker's Chamber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not prelume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care to clear the Speaker's Chamber every Day before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger, or Strangers, into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster, do take Care, that, from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Temple Bar and Hall shall be

kept free and open; and that no Obstructions be made, by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Paffiigc of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take Care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders in WestminsterHa!!, or the Pa ft ages leading to the House,

during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be n Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster , and that he do fee the same put in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That to prevent the intercepting or losing of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Poll Office to this House, or some other Person, to be appointed by the Postmaster General, do for the future, every Day during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the lead immediately after the Rising of the House; and also from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters, and take Care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others, bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Postmaster General.

Ordered, That when any Letter or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the fame; and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that lie do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person but such as he shall appoint do prelume to print the fame.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre reported from the Committee, appointed Yesterday to draw up an Address to be pre-lented to His Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled-, beg Leave to return Your Majesty the Thanks of this House for Your most Gracious Speech from the Throne; and to assureYour Majesty that we shall proceed, without 7 Delay,

AdJivfs re ported and agreed to.

3o Geo. III. 250 Septemb. 7

Delay, to consider of the Propriety of enabling Your Majesty to avail Yourself, to a further Extent, of the voluntary Services of the Militia, at a Moment when we are satisfied an Encrease of our active Force Abroad, may be productive of the most important and beneficial Consequences.

We have seen the happy Effects of the Measure adopted on this Subject in the last Session; and we reflect with Pride, that the Forces which Your Majesty was thereby enabled to employ have already displayed in the Face of the Enemy a Courage, Discipline, and Steadiness, worthy of the Character of Sol-

diers.

It is with the utmost Satisfaction we have observed the rapid Improvement of our Situation and Prolpects, which, under the Blessing of Providence, has taken place in the fiiort Interval since the last Semon j and we cordially congratulate Your Majesty on the continued Display of the Abilities and Valour of the Commanders and Troops of the Combined Imperial Armies, and on the Deliverance of Italy, by the'Result of a Campaign equal in Splendour and Success to any the most brilliant recorded in History; and we warmly participate with Your Majesty in the Satisfaction which must be excited in evert' British Heart, by seeing Your Fleets and Annies successfully employed to the Assistance of Your Allies, to the Support of ouf just Cause, and to the Advancement of the most important Interests of the British Empire.

Among the happy Effects of those Exertions, we rejoice to observe the Restoration of the Kingdom of Naples to the Dominion of its lawful Sovereign, and the Renewal of Your Majesty's former Connections with that Power.

We have witnessed, with Joy and Exultation, the glorious Exploits which have rendered the French Expe-, dition to Egypt productive of fresh Calamity and Disgrace to our Enemies, and which have frustrated their ultimate Views against our Eastern Possessions; and we cannot forbear to express our just Sense of the Courage of the Turkish Forces, and our warmed; Admiration of

the Skill and Heroism of a British Officer, by whose Efforts, with a small Portion of Your Majesty's Naval Force under his Command, the desperate Attempt of the Enemy was defeated. While we rejoice in the additional Security which the British Interests in India have derived from the Overthrow of that restless and perfidious Power, who, instigated by the Artifices, and deluded by the Promises, of the Frenc, had entered into their ambitious and destructive Projects, we join with Your Majesty in affording the highest Praise to the Vigilance, Decision, and Wisdom of the Governor General in Council, and to the tried Abilities and Valour of the Commanders, Officers, and Troops, employed under his Direction on this great and important Occasion.

We trust that there is every Reason to expect that the Effort which Your Majesty is making for the Deliverance of the United Provinces will prove luccefsful, and will, notwithstanding the Resistance which the Enemy has been enabled to oppose, speedily surmount every Ob-ftacle; and we have already abundant Reason to rejoice in the first Success of the Brit Arms, which has rescued

from the Possession of the Enemy the principal Port and ' Naval Arsenal of the Dutch Republic, and has opened the pleasing Prospect that the Fleet which, under the usurped Dominion of France, was destined to co-operate in the Invasion of thcle Islands, may shortly, under its ancient Standard, partake of the Glory of restoring the Religion, Liberty, and Independence of those Provinces, so long in' intimate Union and Alliance with this Country.

Rejoicing with Your Majesty in Events which add so much Lustre to the British Character, we cordially join in the Sentiments so justly due to the ConduCf. of Your Majesty's good and faithful Ally the Emperor of Russia, to whose Magnanimity and Wisdom, directing to

VOL.55.

so many Quarters of Europe the Force of his extensive and powerful Empire, we are in a great Degree indebted for the Success of our own Efforts, as well as for the rapid and favourable Change in the general Situation of Affairs. We acknowledge Your Majesty's Goodness in having directed Copies to be laid before us of those Engagements, which have consolidat^d and cemented a Connection so consonant to the permanent Interests of Your Majesty's Empire, and so important at the present Moment to every Part of the civilized World.

It gives us Pleasure to learn that the ample Supplies, which were granted to Your Majesty in the Course of the last Session, will so nearly provide for the Exigencies of the Public Service, even on the extensive Scale which our present Operations require, as to enable Your Majesty, without further Aid, to continue those Exertions to the Close of the present-Year; and we will, without Delay, consider of providing for the Expence which will -be necessary for the early Part of the Year, the proper Estimates for which Your Majesty has ordered to l?e laid before us.

We beg to return Your Majesty our sincere Thanks for having, in pursuance of our Recommendation, judged it proper to communicate to Your Two Houses of Parliament in Ireland, at the Close of their last Session, the

Sentiments which we had expressed to Your Majesty respecting an incorporating Union with that Kingdom; we continue to be satisfied that signal Benefit would be derived to both Countries from that important Measure; and we trust that the Disposition of Your Parliament there will be found to correspond with that which we have manifested for the Accomplishment of a Work which would tend so much to add to the Security and Happiness of all Your Majesty's Irijli Subjects, and to consolidate the Strength and Prosperity of the Empire.

The said Address being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address to he presented to His Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, do humbly know His Majesty's Pleasure, when He will be attended by this House.

Ordered, That His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That this House be called over upon Tomorrow Fortnight; .

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the Yeas, $£ } 4-

Tellers for the Noes, j^r! \ 93-

So it passed in -the Negative.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Bragge, Mr. Roje, Mr Abbot, Mr. Bur don, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Burrow, Mr. Critfcitt, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Shaw Lefevre, Mr. Baker, Mr. Frere, Sir William , Mr. E/Jord,

Mr. Buxton, Mr. Long, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Mr.

Wallace, Mr. WilbrakamBootle, Mr. Mr.

Dickinson, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis,

King's Speech to be con-; fidered.

Motion for thi House to be called over. Neg.

Expiring Laws Committee appointed.

The King appoints to be attended by the House.

K;ng's Speech consideretl.

Motion for t Supply.

To be con fidered in a Committee.

King's An fwer to Address.

Yete of Thanks to Sir Ralph Aber- crombv. See. fice.

fe i6° Septembris 1799.

Jovis, 26° die;

Anno 390 Georgii III. 11 Regis, 17991 Prayers.

THE Lord Havokesbury reported to the House, That

His Majesty havingScen waited upon (pursuant to the Order of Yesterday) humbly to know His Majesty's Pleasure, when he would beplcafed to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended this Day, at Two of the Clock, at His Palace of Saint James.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Confederation His Majesty's raoft Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made. That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock this Afternoon.

Meridiem.

TV/TR. Speaker reported to the House, That the House attended His Majesty this Day, with their Address; to which His Majesty was pleased to give this moil Gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I return you My particular Thanks for this dutiful Address.

I receive with the liigheft Satisfaction your Congratulations on the happy Improvement of Our Affairs, which I shall ever principally ascribe, under the Blefiing of Providence, to the Wisdom, Perseverance, and Spirit of My Parliament, guiding and animating the Efforts of a brave and loyal People, in Support of their dearest Interests.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of this House be given to Lieutenant General Sir Ralph Abercromby, Knight of the Molt honourable Order of the Bath, for the distinguished Gallantry and Ability with which he effected his Landing on the Dutch Coast, and established his Postion in the Face of a powerful Enemy; and, by securing the Command of the principal Fort and Naval Arsenal of the Dutch Republic, afforded to His Majest/s Fleet the Means of refeuing from the . Power of the French the Naval Force in the

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of this House be give9 to Lieutenant General Sir James Pulteuev, Baronet, Major Generals Francis D'Oyley, Eyre Coote, Harry Burrard, and John Moore, and to the several Officers of the Army under the Command of Lieutenant General Sir Ralph Abercromby, for their late gallant Con-dud and meritorious Exertions, in effecting a Landing on the Dutch Coast, and establishing a Postion in the Face of a powerful Enemy, thereby securing the Command of the principal Fort and Naval Arsenal of the Dutch Republic, and affording to His Majesty's Fleet the Means of refeuing from the Power of the French the Naval Force in the T exel.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That this House doth highly approve of and acknowledge the Services of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Soldiers of the Army serving under the Command of Lieutenant-General Sir Ralph Abercromby, at the Attack of the Udder, on the Coast of Holland; and that the same be signifted to them

by the Commanders of the several Corps, who are desired to thank them for their gallant Behaviour.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do communicate the said Resolutions to His Royal Highness Field-Marshal the Duke of York, Captain-General of His Majesty's Forces, and Commander in Chief of the Allied Army in;

and that His Royal Highness be requested by Mr. Speaker to signify the same to the General and other Officers referred to therein.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of this House be given to Vice Admiral Andrew for thedistinguished Skill and Perseverance with which, in spite of great and unforeseen Difficulties, he kept collected, and conducted to the Coast of Holland, the numerous Fleet under his Command; for the Zeal and Readiness with which he co-operated with the Land Forces in their Defccnt upon the Coast of Holland-, and for the Promptitude and Ability by which he refeued the Naval Force of thn Dutch Republic from the Power of the French.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of

this House be given to the several Captains and Officers in the Fleet under the Command of Vice Admiral Mitchell, for their able Support of, and Co-operation with, the Land Forces, and for their meritorious and successful Exertions in refeuin? from the Power of the French the Naval Force in the Texel.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That this House doth highly approve of, and acknowledge, the Service,' of the Seamen and Marines on Board the Ships under the Command of Vice Admiral Mitchell, in the Assistance they afforded to the Land Forces in their Descent upon the Coast of Holland, and for the Steadiness and Zeal they manifested in Pursuit of the Dutch Fleet within the Zuyder Sea; and that the Officers commanding the several Ships do signify the same to their respective Crews, and do thank them for their good Behaviour.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do communicate the said Resolutions to Admiral Lord Viscount Duncan -, and that his Lordship be requested by Mr. Speaker to signify the same to the Vice Admiral, Captains, and other Officers, referred to therein.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of this House be given to Captain Sir William Sidney Smith, for the conspicuous Skill and Heroism by which he animated and directed the Efforts of the Forces, and of the Imall Number of Officers and

Seamen under his Command, in their long and successful Defence of Saint John D'Acre, on the Coast of Syria, against the formidable and desperate Attack of the French Army, under the Command of General Buonaparte.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Officers belonging to the Ships under the Command of Captain Sir 11:am Sid-

ney Smith, for the great Bravery, and unremitted Exertions, which they manifested, both on Shore and on board the Ships, in the successful Defence of John D'Acre, on the Coast of Syria, against the formidable and desperate Attack of ;he French Army under the Command of General Buonaparte; and that Sir William Sidney Smith do signify the same to them.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That this House doth highly approve of, and acknowledge, the Services of the Seamen and Marines belonging to the Ships under the Command of Captain Sir William Sidney Smith, in the glorious Defence of Saint J against the formidable and desperate Attack of the French Army, under the Command of General -, and that Sir William Sidney Smith do signify the same to the Crews of the respective Ships, and do thank them for their good Behaviour.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do signify the said Resolutions to Captain Sir /11 Siam Sidney.

Th<-

Vote ot Thanks to Vice A rim in) Mitcbtji, Ate &c.

Vote of Thanks to Sir William Sidney Smith, &c %

Correspondence relative to Hostilities with Tippoo Sultan, prefaced.

39 Geo. III.

The House being informed, that Mr. (from the Directors of the East India Company) attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

N" i. Extract of a Letter from the Secret Committee of the Court of Directors to the Governor General in Council of Bengal, dated 18 th June 1798: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from the Secret Committee of the Court of Directors to the Governments in India, dated the 26th November 1798: And also,

N° 3. Extract of a Letter from the Right honourable the Governor General to the Court of Directors, dated Fort William, the 21st November 1798: And also,

N° 4. Copy of a Letter from the Right honourable the Governor General in Council at Fort Saint George, dated the 12 th January 1799: And also,

N° 5. Copy of the Earl of s Minute,

dated Fort Saint George, id January 1799: And also,

N° 6. Copy of a Letter from the Right honourable the Governor and Council of Fort Saint George to the Court of Dire dors, dated 13 th January 1799: And also,

N° 7. Extract of a Letter from Lord Mornington to the , Secret Committee, dated Fort Saint George, 15th March 1799: And also,

N° 8. Copy of a Letter from the Right honourable the Earl of Mornington to the Court of Directors, dated 20th March 1799 j inclosing,

N° 1. Copy of a Proclamation at the Isle of France;

N° 2. (A.) Copy of a Letter from Tippoo Sultan to the Right honourable the Governor General, received 24th October 1798;

N° 2. (B.) Copy of a Letter from the Right honourable the Governor General to 'Tippoo Sultan, dated 8th November 1798;

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from the Right honourable the Governor General to Tippoo Sultan, dated 10th December 1798;

N° 4. Copy of a Letter from Tippoo Sultan to the Right honourable the Governor General, received at Fort Saint George, 25th December 179S;

N® 5, Copy of a Letter from the Right honourable the Governor General to Tippoo dated 9th January 1799;

N° 6. Copy of a Letter from Tippoo Sultan to the Right honourable the Governor General, received 13th February 1799;

N° 7. Copy of a Letter from Tippoo Sultan to the Right honourable the Governor General, received 13th February 1799 j , N° 8. Copy of a Letter from the Right honourable the Governor General to Tippoo dated 22d

February 1799;

N° 9. Copy of a Declaration of the Right honourable the Governor General in Council for all the Forces and Affairs of the British Nation in the East Indies, on Behalf of the Honourable the East India Company, and the Allies of the said Company there, his Highness the Nizam and the Pefhwa;

N° 10. Abstract Return of the Troops that march- ed for the MyJ'ore Country from the Coromandel

Coast, taken from the Monthly Returns of the Corps in the Adjutant General's Office, for the Month of February 1799:

N° 11. General Return of the Bombay Troops assembled under General Stuart, inclosed in his Letter, dated 16th February 1799:

N° 12. An Account of Rice and Gram collected in the Coorgah Country, for the Use of the Army: And also,

N° 9. Extract: of a Letter from Lord Mornington to the Secret Committee, dated Fort Saint George, nd April 1799: And also,

Voi» 55.

9

N° 10. Copy of a Letter from the Right horiourable the Governor General to the Court of Directors, dated Fort Saint George, 20th April 1799: And also,

N° 11. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant General Stuart to the Governor General in Council, dated 8th March 1799; inclosing,

N° 1. General Return of killed, wounded, and missing, in that Part of the Army engaged with Tippoo Suit an' % Troops at and near SeJaceer, on 6th Alarch 1799 >

N° 2. Information of Mezem Khan Buklijhy: And also,

N° 12. Copy of a Letter from Lord to the

Secret Committee, dated Fort Saint George, 17th April 1799: And also,

N° 13. Copy of a Letter from the Right honourable the Governor General in Council, in the Political Department, to the Court of Directors, dated nth May 1799; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from the Commander in Chief to the Right honourable the Governor General, dated Seringapatam,4th Mav 1799: And also,

N° 14. Copy of a Letter from the Right honourable the Governor General in Council, in the Political Department, to the Court of Directors, dated the 16th May 1799; inclosing,

N° 1. Copy of a Letter from the Commander in Chief to the Right honourable the Governor General, dared Seringapatam,7th 1799}

N° 2. Copy of a General Order by Government, dated 15th May 1799: And also, .

N° 15. Copy of a Letter from the Right honourable the Governor General to the Secret Committee of the Court of Directors, dated 19th May 17991 inclosing, N° 1. Copy, of a Letter from Tippoo Sultan to the Di redory;

N° 2. Copy of Articles of Engagement proposed by Tippoo Sultan to the Directory;

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from Dubne to the Rajah of Iravencore's Minister;

N° 4. Copy of a Letter from Dubne to Tippoo Sultan: And also,

N° 16. Extract of a Letter from Lord Mornington to the Chairman of the Court of Directors, dated Saint George, 19th May 1799: And also,

N° 17. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant General George Harris to the Chairman of the Court of Directors, dated Seringapatam, 6th May 1799: And also,

N° 18. Copy of a Letter from John Spencer, Esquire, to the Court of Directors, dated Calicut, 2 ill 1799.

Together with a Lilt of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lilt was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Militm Voiun-last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the tcers B;11> or " Reduction of the Militia Forces, at the Time and in den!<1'

" the Manner therein limited; for enabling His Majesty more effectually to increase His Regular Forces,

" for the vigorous Prosecution of the War; and for " amending the Laws relating to the Militia," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly j

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling His Majesty to accept the Services of an additional Number of Volunteers from the Militia, under certain Restrictions: And that Mr. Secretary Mr. Secretary at War, and Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

D _ Mr.

26° Septembris.

Treaties with Ruificv and Naples, pretended.

IO

z6° Septembris. 1799 *

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to tire House, by His Majesty's Command,

Copy of a Provisional Treaty between His Majesty and the Emperor of Russia, signed at Saint Pelerjburgh the — of December 1798, and Translation: And also,

lbih 1

Copy of a Convention between His Majesty and the Emperor of Russia, signed at Saint the — of June 1799, and Translation: And also,

i ith 1 y '

Copy of a Treaty of Alliance between His Majesty and the King of the Two Sicilies, signed at Naples the tft of December 1798, and Translation.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Translations are as followeth; viz.

TRANSLATION of a Provisional Treaty between His Majesty the King of Great Britain and his Majesty the Emperor of all the Done at Saint Peterjbu the December

One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight.

In the Name of the Most Holy and Indivisible Trinity.

His Majesty the King of Great Britain and his Majesty the Emperor of all the in consequence of

the Alliance and Friendthip iubfifting between them, being desirous to enter into a Concert of Measures, such as may contribute in the most efficacious Manner to of-pose the Successes of the French Arms, and the Extension of the Principles of Anarchy, and to bring about a lblid Peace, together with the Re-establishment of the Balance of Europehave judged it worthy their most serious

Consideration and earned Solicitude to endeavour, if possible, to reduce France within its former Limits, as they subsisted before the Resolution.

They have in consequence agreed to conclude a Proviftbnal Treaty, and for this they have named as their Plenipotentiaries, namely, His Majesty the King of Great Britain, Sir Charles , Knight of the

Bath, His Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary at the Imperial Court of Russia -, and his Majesty the Emperor of all the , the Chancellor Prince Bezborodko, a Privy Councillor, Director General of the Ports, Senator, and Knight of the Orders of Saint Andrew, of Saint Alexander Newjky, of Anne, and Grand Crols of those of Saint John of Jcrnfalem, and of Saint Vladimir, of the First Class; the Sieur

Vice Chancellor, Privy Councillor and Chamberlain, Knight of the Order of Saint Alexander Newjky, and Grand Cross of that of Saint Vladimir, of the Second Class; the Sieur Rojlopjin, a Privy Councillor, Member of the College for Foreign Affairs, Knight of the Order of Saint Alexander Newjky, and of that of Anne, of the First Class; who, after having reciprocally communicated their full Powers, have concluded and agreed upon the following Articles:

Article I.

The Two Contracting Powers, in the Intention of inducing the King of Prussiato take an active Part in the War against the common Enemy, propose to employ all their Endeavours to obtain that End. Immediately on his Prussian Majesty's consenting to this Measure, his Imperial Majesty of all the is ready to afford him

a Succour of Land Forces, and he destines for that Purpose, Forty-five thousand Men, Infantry and Cavalry, with the necessary Artillery, upon the following Conditions.

Article II.

This Body of Troops shall be put in Motion as soon as the High Contracting Parties shall be allured of the Determination of his Prussia Majesty being conformable to what has been before dated.

2

With regard to the further Movements of this Corps, and its combined Operations with the Troops,

his Majesty the Emperor of all the will arrange

them with his Majesty the King of and Communication shall also be made of them to His Majesty, in order that by such a Concert between the High Allies, the Military Operations against the Enemy may be made with the greater Success, and that the Object which is proposed may the more easily be attained.

Article III.

In order to facilitate to his Majesty the Emperor of all the Ruffias the Means to take such an active Part in the present War against the French, His Britannick Majesty engages to furnidi the Pecuniary Succours herein after specified; his Imperial Majesty of all the nevertheless reserving to himself the Right to recall the aforesaid Body of Troops into his own Territories, if by any unforeseen Event the Whole of this Pecuniary Succour should not be furnished him.

Article IV.

The Amount and the Nature of these Pecuniary Succours have been fixed and regulated upon the following Footing: 1" In order to enable his Imperial Majesty of all the Ruffias to expedite as soon as possible, and in the most convenient Manner the Troops destined to be employed in FavoiTr of the good Cause, His Majesty the King of Great Britain engages, as soon as He Avail receive Advice that the Russian Troops, in consequence of the Determination of his Majesty the King of are to

march, in order to co-operate with thoie of his said Majesty, to pay, for the first and most urgent Expences, Two Hundred and Twenty-five Thousand Pounds Sterling, dividing the Payments in such Manner as that Seventy-five Thousand Pounds Sterling should be paid as soon as those Troops Avail have passed the Russian Frontiers; that the Second Payment, amounting to the same Sum, should be made on the Expiration of the first Three Months, and on the Commencement of the Fourth; and that the Third Payment, completing the Sum Total, should be made in like Manner, after Three Months and on the Beginning of the Seventh. ii His Majesty the King of Great Britain engages also to furnidi to his Majesty the Emperor of all the Ruffias, a Subsidy of Seventy-five Thousand Pounds Sterling per Month, to be computed from the Day on which the Corps of Troops above mentioned shall pass the Russian Frontiers. This Subsidy Avail be paid at the Commencement of each Month, and being destined for the Appointments and Maintenance of the Troops, it shall be continued during the Space of Twelve Months, unless Peace should bo made l'ooner. 3d The Two Fligh Contracting Parties, besides, Avail come to an Understanding, before the Expiration of the Term of a Year above specified, whether, in case the War (lvould not be terminated, the Subsidy above mentioned Avail be continued.

Article V.

The Two High Contracting Parties engage not to make either Peace or Armistice, without including each

O

other, and without concerting with each other. But if, through any unforeseen Events, His Britannick Majesty should be under the Necessity of terminating the War, and thereby of discontinuing the Payment of the Subsidy before the Expiration of the Twelve Months above (lipulated, He engages, in that Cafe, to pay Three Months Advance of the Subsidy agreed upon, of Seventy-five Thousand Pounds Sterling, reckoning from the Day on which the Information shall be received by the General commanding the Russian Troops.

Article VI.

In like Manner, if any Aggression on Russia should take place, by which his Majesty the Emperor mould be obliged to recall his Army into his own Dominions, the above-mentioned Subsidy shall in such same on y c

II

3p Ge6. III.

26° Sepfembris.

paid up to the Day on which the Army shall re-enter the Russian Frontiers.

Article VII.

His Majesty the Emperor of all the shall come

to an Understanding with his Ally, his Majesty the King of Prussia, respecting all the other Expences which this Corps of , Troops and its Operations may require. His Britartnick Majesty shall take no farther Share in those Expences than the Sum of Thirty-seven Thousand Five Hundred Pounds Sterling p Month, during all the Time that the above-mentioned Troops shall be employed, by virtue of this Treaty, for the common Cause. That Sum shall be advanced by his Majesty the Emperor of all the Russias; but His Britannick Majesty acknowledges it aS a Debt due by Great Britain to Russia, which He will discharge after the Conclusion of a Peace made by mutual Agreement.

The Mode and Dates of the Payment shall be settled by mutual Concert, according to the reciprocal Con-, ver.ience of the Two Allied Powers.

Article VIII.

The above-mentioned Subsidies shall in this Manner be considered as a sufficient Succour for all the Expences, including those which may be necessary for the Return of the Russian Army.

Article IX.

Th is Treaty shall be considered as Provisional; and its Execution, as it has been stated above, shall not take -place until his Majesty the King of Prussia shall be determined to turn his Forces against the common Enemy } but in case he should not do so, the Two High Contracting Parties reserve to themselves the Right and the Power to take, for the good of their Affairs, and the Success of the salutary End they have in View, other Measures analogous to the Times and Circumstances, and to agree then upon those which in such a same they shall judge to be most necessary, adopting always as a Basis (inai'much as it shall be compatible) the Stipulations of the present Treaty. His Imperial Majesty of all the RuJJias, in order nevertheless to give a still more striking Proof of his sincere Dispositions, and of his Desire to be as much as possible useful to his Allies, promises to put, during the Course of the Negociation with his Majesty, and even previous to its Termination, the above-mentioned Corps of Forty-five thousand Men, upon' such a Footing, that they-may immediately be employed wherever, according to a previous Concert amongst the Allies, the Utility of the common Cause shall require.

Article X.

The present Provisional Treaty shall be ratified by His Britannick Majesty and his Imperial Majesty of all the RrtJJias, and the Ratifications shall be exchanged here in the Space of Two Months, to be computed from the Day of the Signature, or sooner, if it can be done.

In Witness wdiereof, we, the under-signed, furnished with the full Powers of His Majesty the King of Britain and the Emperor of all the Ruffias, have in their Names signed the present Treaty, and have affixed the Seals of our Arms thereto.

Done at Saint Petersburgh,-the,

One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight.

(L.S.) Cha' Whitworth.

(L. S.) Ar‘ P"de Bezborodko.

(L. S.) Kotfchoubey.

(L. S.) Rcftcpfin.

DECLARATION.

By the Provisional Treaty concluded between His Majesty the King of Great Britain and his Majesty the

Emperor of all the Ruffias, the , One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, it is ftipu-lated that the Body -of Forty-five thousand Men, furnished by his said Imperial Majesty for the Support of the common Cause, should be employed in co-operating VoL. 55.

with the Troops of his Pruffum Majesty, if that Sovereign should be induced to join his Forces to those of their Majesties; but the Endeavours which their Royal and Imperial Majesties have employed for this Purpose having been unsuccessful, and that Prince persisting in his Adherence to his System of Neutrality, the Two High Contracting Parties, in order to aegledt nothipg on their Part which may contribute to the Success of the good Cause, have resolved that the said Body of Forty-five thousand Men, originally destined to second the hostile Demonstrations of against , shall be equally employed against the common knemy in whatever other Quarter their Majesties may judge it to be raoftr advantageous to their common Operations.

For this Purpose, the Plenipotentiaries of their said Royal and Imperial Majesties have signed the present Declaration, which is to be considered as forming a Part of the Provisional Treaty above mentioned, concluded between the Two Courts the Twfnry~-n---

r. tgnivv.tuii

One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight.

Done at Saint Petersburgh, this p June, One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine.

(L. S.) Chas Whitworth. (L. S.) Le Comte de Kotfchoubey.

(L. S.) Le Comte de

TRANSLATION of a Convention between His Majesty the King of Great , and hi?

Majesty the Emperor of all the done at

Saint Petersburgh, the Day of

One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine.

In the Name of the most Holy and IndivisibleTrinity.

His Majesty the King of Great Britain, and his Majesty the Emperor of all the Ruffias, in consequence of the Friendship and the Ties of intimate Alliance which exist between them, and of their common and sincere Co-operation in the present War against the French, having constantly in their View to use every Means in their Power most effectually to distress the Enemy, have judged that the Expulsion of the French from the Seven United Provinces, and the Deliverance of the latter from the Yoke under which they have so long groaned, were Objects worthy of their particular Consideration; and wishing at the same Time to give Effect, as far as possible to a Detign of that Importance, their said Majesties have resolved to conclude with each other a Convention relative to this Plan, and to the most proper Means for carrying it into the most speedy Execution. For this Purpose they have named as their Plenipotentiaries, (to wit) His Majesty the King of Great Britain, Sir Charles Whitworth, His Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to the Imperial Court of Russia, Knight of the Order of the Bath; and His Majesty the Emperor of all the Ruffias, the Count of Kotfchoubey, his Vice-Chancellor, actual Privy Councillor, actual Chamberlain, Knight of the Order of Saint Alexander Nezvfky, Commander of that of Saint John of Jerusalem, and Great Cross of the Order Vladimir, of the Second Class; and the Count of Roffopffn, his actual Privy Councillor, Member of the College of Foreign Affairs, Director General of the Polls, Knight of the Order of Alexander Newjky and of Saint Anne, of the First Class, Great Chancellor, and Great Cross of that of Saint John of Jerusalem; who, after having reciprocally communicated to each other their full Powers, have agreed upon the following Articles: '

Article I.

His Majesty the King of Great Britain, thinking that the Object above announced cannot be better attained than by the Aid of a Body of Russian Troops, his Imperial Majesty, notwithstanding the Efforts which he has already made, and the Difficulties of his employing an additional Body of Forces, to act at -a Distance from his Dominions, has nevertheless, in consequence d£

his

i 2 2.6° Septemhris» A. 1799.

his constant Solicitude in Favour of the good Cause, consented to furnish Seventeen Battalions of Infantry, Two Companies of Artillery, One Company of Pioneers, and One Squadron of Hufl'ars, making in all Seventeen thousand Five hundred and Ninety-three Men, to be destined for the said Expedition to Holland: but as that Number of Troops, according to the Plan proposed by Plis Britannick Majesty, is not sufficient, and as it has been judged that Thirty thousand Men would be necessary for that Purpose, His said Majesty will, on His Side, furnish Thirteen thousand Men of Troops,

or, at lead, Eight thousand Men, if that smaller Number should be deemed sufficient; and amongst whom there shall be a Proportion of Cavalry sufficient for the Services of such an Army.

Article II.

This Corps of Troops, of Seventeen thousand Five hundred and Ninety-three Men, together with the necessary Artillery, shall assemble at Revel, in order that they may be from thence conveyed to their Destina-tion, either in English, or other Vessels freighted by His

Britannick Majesty.

Article III.

In order to enable his Majesty the Emperor of all the R.:-Jfias to afford to the common Cause this additional and efficacious Succour, His Majesty the King of Great Britain engages to furnish the undermentioned Subsidies, upon the Condition that his Imperial Majesty of all the RuJJias shall have a Right to recall into his Dominions the above-mentioned Corps of Troops, if, through any unforeseen Events, such Subsidies should not be regularly furnished to him.

Article IV.

The Amount and the Nature of those Pecuniary Succours have been settled and regulated in the following Manner: i" In order to enable his Imperial Majesty to assemble and expedite this Corps, as soon and as well-equipped as possible, His Majesty the King of Great Britain engages, as soon as he shall receive Advice that the above-mentioned Troops have reached the Place of their Rendezvous, that is to say, at Revel, and that it shall be declared that they are ready to embark (whether the Transports be arrived or not) to pay, for the first and most urgent Expences, the Sum of Eighty-eight Thousand Pounds Sterling, dividing the Payments into Two Parts; (to wit) That Forty-four Thousand Pounds Sterling be paid immediately after it shall have been declared, either by the Commander in Chief of that Corps to the English Commissary, or by the Minister of his Imperial Majesty to the Minister of His Britannick Majesty resident at Saint Beterjburgh, that the said Corps is ready; and that the Second Payment, completing the Sum Total of Eighty-eight Thousand Pounds Sterling, shall take place Three Months afterwards, and at the Commencement of the Fourth: 2d His Majesty the King of Great Britain engages, in like Manner, to furnish to his, Majesty the Emperor of all the RuJJias, a Subsidy of Forty-four Thousand Pounds Sterling per Month, to be computed from the Day on which the above-mentioned Corps of Troops shall be ready. This Subsidy shall be paid at the Commencement of each Month, and destined for the Appointments and the Entertainment of the Troops; it shall be continued until they shall return into RuJJian Ports, in English or other Vessels, freighted by His Britannick Majesty.

Article V.

If this Corps of RuJJian Troops should meet with Difficulties in procuring, during the Expedition to which it is destined, or in case of its Wintering, as shall be hereafter-mentioned, in England, or during the Voyages it shall have to make, its necessary Subsistence, by Means of the Measures which the RuJJian Commanders or Commissaries may take for that Purpose, His Britannick Majesty, upon the Requisition of the Minister of his. Majesty the Emperor of all. the , residing at

His Court, shall furnish whatever may be necessary to the RuJJian Troops; and an exact Account shall be kept of all the Provisions and other Articles so delivered, in order that their Value may be afterwards deduded from the Subsidy; such Provisions and other Articles being valued at the Price paid for them by His Majesty, for His own Troops.

Article VI.

As the Transport of the Horses necessary for the Officers, the Artillery, and the Baggage, would require a great many Vessels, and as that Arrangement would lead to many other Inconveniencies, and more particularly to that of a Delay prejudicial to the above-mentioned Expedition, His Britannick Majesty engages to furnish, at His own Expence, the necessary Number of Horses, according to the Statement which shall be delivered, and to have them conveyed to the Place where the RuJJian Troops are to ad; His said Majesty will, in like Mann.er, maintain them at His own Expence, during the whole Time that those Troops shall be employed, and until they shall be re-imbarked, in order to return to the Ports of Russia; His Britannick Majesty will then dispose of them in such Manner as he shall judge proper.

Article VII.

In case that the RuJJian Troops, after having terminated in Holland the proieded Expedition, or in consequence of its being deterred, through any unforeseen Circumstances, should not be able to return into the Ports of his Imperial Majesty, during the favourable Season, Flis Majesty the King of Great Britain engages to receive them into Flis Dominions, to provide them there with good Quarters, and all other Advantages, until the Troops shall be able to return on the Opening of the Navigation, or shall be employed upon some other Dcftination, which shall be previously settled between their Royal and Imperial M:\jesties.

Article VIII.

As the principal Object of the Employment of thisCorpc of Troops is a sudden Attack to be made on by

Means of w'hich His Britannick Majesty hopes to produce there a favourable Change; as, betides, no fixed Term for the Continuance of the Subsidies stipulated, whilst, on the other Hand, the said Troops, alter their Return to Russia, muftbe re-conducted to their ordinary Quarters, mostly at a great Distance; and as the Marches which they will have to make will require considerable Expences; His Majesty the King of Britain hereby

engages to make good this Charge, by a Payment of Subsidies for Two Months, to be computed from the Day of the Arrival of those Troops in RajJan Ports: In like Manner, his Majesty the Emperor of all the RuJFuts, without fixing any Term, reserves to himself the Right of causing the said Corps of Troops to return into his Dominions, in the Spring of the next Year One thousand Eight hundred; or if any hostile Aggression upon Russia or any other important Event, should render it necessary, in these Two Cafes, the above-mentioned Engagement of His Britannick Majesty, concerning the Payment of Two Months Subsidy, shall equally take place.

Article IX.

As it is understood that the Expedition to Holland, which has given rife to the present Convention, is to be effected in common by RuJJian and English Troops, each Party shall follow, relative to the Employment and to the Command of the Troops, literally the Treaty of defensive Alliance concluded between the Two High

Contracting Parties, the - of in the Year

O 7 Eighteenth ✓ 7

One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five: In like Manner, if any Difficulties should arise, either between the Commanders of the respective Forces, or otherwise, which may regard the above-mentioned Troops of his Majesty the Emperor of all the RuJJias, the Solution of such Difficulties shall be looked for in the Stipulations of the said Treaty of the Year One thousand Seven

hundred

39<5Eo. III. 26s Septembris. '13

hundred and Ninety-five; or, likelwtfe,-in that concluded Vith tht Court of Henna, the of July, One thousand Seven htffidfed and Ninety-two.

Article X.

The present Convention shall be Ratified by His Majesty the King of /Great Britain and by his Majesty the Emperor of all the Ruffias; and the Ratifications -shall be exchanged , here in the Space of Two Months, to be computed front. the Day of its Signature, or sooner, 'if it can be done.

1 Ih witness whefedf, tVte the under-signed, furnished

with full Powers, by His Majesty the King of Great Britain, and by his Majesty the Emperor of all the Ruffias, have, in their Names, signed the present Convention) and have affixed thereto the Seal of our 'Arms.

Done at Saha Petersburgk, the of June,

One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine 1

(L. 5.) Cha' Whitworth,

(L. S.) Le Comte dt (L.S.) Le Comte de R

Separate Article *

I.

Although it be Gated in the Article It of the Convention concluded this Day, That the Corps of Russian Troops, forming Seventeen thousand Five hundred and Ninety-three Men destined for the Expedition to ' land, shall be Conveyed to its Destination in English, or

other Vessels) freighted by His Majesty the King of Great Britain j nevfcrtheless, in Order so much the more 0 facilitate this important Enterprise, his Majesty the Emperor of all-the Ruffias consents to furnish Six Ships,

' Five Frigates, and-Two Transport Vessels, which being armed en flutes, wiU receive on Board as many Troops as they shall be able to contain, whilst the Remainder of the said Cores shall be embarked oh Board or

other Transport Vessels, freighted by His Britannick Majesty *

IL

His Majesty the Emperor of all the Ruffias will lend these Ships upon the following Conditions: i‘ There shall be paid by England, upon their quitting the Port of Cronfladt, in order to go to the PUce of Rendezvous,

which is Revel, the Sum of Fifty-eight Thousand Nihe Hundred and Twenty-seven Pounds Sterling and Ten Shillings, as a Subsidy for the Expences of Equipment, &e. for Three Months, to be computed from the Day, as it is above stated, of their Departure from Cronfladt: a4 After the Expiration of these Three Months, His Britannick Majesty shall continue the same Subsidies (that is to say) of Nineteen Thousand Six Hundred and Forty-two and a Half Pounds Sterling a Month; which shall be paid at the Commencement of each Month: 34 Independently of this Pecuniary Succour, His Britannick Majesty shall provide for the Subsistence of the Crews j and the Officers and Sailors shall be treated on the fame

Footing as are the English Officers and Sailors in Time of War, and as are the Russian Officers and Sailors, who are at . present in the Squadron of his Imperial Majesty, which is united to the English Squadron: 4' All these Stipulations shall have full and entire Effect, until the Return of the above-mentioned Ships and Frigates into Russian Ports.

Ilf.

If it should happen, contrary t6 all Expectation, that those Six Ships, Five ' Frigates, and Two Transport Vessels, should not be able, through fbme unforeseen . Event, to return to Rtrffia before the Close of the present Campaign, His Britannick Majesty' engages tQ admit Vol. 55.

them into the Forts of England, where they shall receive every possible Assistance, both for necessary Repairs, and for the Accommodation of the Crews and Officer^.

IV.

As the Six Ships, Five Frigates, and Two Transports above-mentioned, having been originally intended for another Destination, were furnished with Provisions for Three Months, His Britannick Majesty, instead of furnish ing them in Kind, as it is stated in the Second Ar- tide, engages to pay, according to an Estimate which shall be made, the Value of these Provisions. With regard to the Officers, His Majesty the King of Great Britain will adopt the same Prindple as has been followed until the present Time, respecting the Officers of the . Russian Squadron which is joined to the Naval Forces of England-, that shall serve as Rule for. indemnifying them, for the Preparations which they may have made for the Campaign, such as it had been originally intended to take place. This Separate Article shall be considered as forming Part of the Convention above-mentioned, as being inserted therein Word for Word; and it shall be ratified, and the Ratification exchanged, in the same Manner.

In Witness whereof, we the under-signed, furnished with full Powers of His Majesty the King of Great Britain, and of his Majesty the Emperor of all the Ruffias, have, in their Name, signed the present Separate Article, and have affixed thereto the Seal of our Arms *

Done at Saint Petersburgh, this of June,

One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine.

(L. S.) Cha' Whitworth.

(L. S.) Le Comte de.

(L. S.) Le Comte de

TRANSLATION of a Treaty of Alliance between His Majesty and the King of the Two Sicilies, signed at Naples, the ift of December

1798. k

His Majesty the King of Great Britain, and his Majesty the King of the Two Sicilies, seeing that the Peace which they had endeavoured to restore to Italy has only furnished an Opportunity to the Persons exercising the Powers of Government ift France to extend their Conquests still further, to the Destruction of all moral and political Order; and seeing from thence the Danger which awaits all other lawful Governments, from the Design openly manifested of subjecting all Italy to the same Spirit of Disorder and Anarchy; have thought it expedient to renew the Connexion which had been formed between them by the Convention of the 12th. July 1793; and to unite, by a strict Alliance, the Forces and Means which are at their Disposal, in order to oppose a solid Barrier against the Danger with which they are threatened from an unbounded Ambition; and in order to provide for the future Defence and Security of their People, and the Restoration of moral and public Order in Italy.

In consequence their Britannick and Sicilian Majesties have authorized their respective Plenipotentiaries; (that is to say) His Britannick Majesty. Sir William Hamilton, One of His Majesty's Most honourable Privy Council, Knight of the Order of the Bath, His M % jesty's Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to his said Sicilian Majesty; and his Sicilian Majesty, the most illustrious and most Excellent Lord Martin Maflrilli Marquis of Gallo, of the Dukes of his Gentleman of the Chamber, Knight of the Royal Order of St. Januarius, his Councillor and Secretary of-State for the Department of Foreign Affairs, of the

£ Maripe,

4 2 6 Septembris. 1799.

Marine, and 6f Commerce, Knight of the Order of

the Golden Fleece, who after having communicated and exchanged their respective full Powers, have agreed to the following Articles:

Article I.

The Cohvention stipulated between their Britannick and Sicilian Majesties, in the Year 1793, shall serveas a Balls to the present Treaty; in consequence the Two High Contrafting Parties engage to make common Caulc in the present War against France, and to concert together their Naval and Military Operations, particularly in the Mediterranean.

Article II.

The High Con trading Parties reciprocally guarantee to each other their Dominions against the common Enemy, and engage not to lay down their Arms, unless _ by common Conl'ent, without having obtained the entire and full Restitution of all the Places, Towns, and Territories which respectively belonged to them before the Commencement of the present War, and of which the Enemy may have taken Possession during the Course of the War.

Article III.

In consequence of this mutual Engagement, their - Britannick and Sicilian Majesties shall concert, in the most- confidential Manner, on the Military and Naval Operations which the Ministers of the Two Powers resident at Naples shall think it expedient to undertake, as well as on the Employment of the Naval -and Mi-' litary Force which may be appointed to such Service.

Article IV.

With this View, His Britannick Majesty engages to keep in the Mediterranean Sea until a Peace, and as long as the Danger of the-Two Sicilies, and the Operations against the common Enemy shall require it, a Fleet of Ships of War decidedly superior to that of the Enemy, in order to provide by that Means for the Safety of the Dominions of Nis. Sicilian Majesty.

Article ‘V.

All the Ports of th tTlvoSicilies shall be open to the Squadron of His Britannick Majesty, without any Exception or Restriction whatsoever; and his- Sicilian Majesty promises to grant to it the most ample Power of'providing itself.in his Dominions with every Thing _ which it may require, both in respect to Naval and Military Stores and to Provisions. (For which Purpose His Britannick Majesty will appoint a Commissary to superintend the Details of such Supplies, and the . Neapolitan Government will grant him every Assistance ' to enable him to acquire them at current and moderate Prices.

Article VI.

His Majesty the King of the Two Sicilies will join . to the Squadron of His Britannick Majesty Four Ships of tf|e Line, Four Frigates, and Four small Ships of War, in order that they may be employed in concert with it. But if the Two Powers should prefer, for the . Success of their Operations, to employ a greater Num-berof small Vessels in the room of the Ships, his Si-" cilian Majesty promises to substitute in the Place of his abpve-mentioned Contingent, a Number of Gun Boats and Bomb Ketches, and other small armed Vessels, in ‘.proportion to the Ships which it shall be agreed to ..Withdraw.

V./ . Article VII. „

3 His Sicilian Majesty also engages to recruit the Squadron of His Britannick Majesty with such a Number of Sailors as it shall require, to the Amount of Three thousand Sailors, provided that they, be put upon the farpe ‘ Footing as English Sailors, on Board the said Squadron

of His Britannick Majesty, both as to Bounty Money on their entering, _ahd to Pay, during- their- -Continuance

in His Service} and also as to all other Advantages and Profits enjoyed by the English Sailors on Board the said Squadron. The Sailors furnished by his Sicilian Majesty shall not be employed out of the Mediterranean Sea, nor engaged for a longer Period them that of the Continuance of the present War. -

1 r

Article VIII.

The Ships of War, of the Two Contracting Powers, employed to act as Convoys to the Merchantmen of their respective Nations, shall indiscriminately take under their Convoy and Protection the Merchantmen of either, which may have the same Destination.

a

Article IX.

During the present War the Ports of the Two Sicilies shall be shut against all French Ships, either of War or Trade: and his Sicilian Majesty will prohibit his Subjects from all Trade, with Fran of any Kind whatsoever. He will not permit the;Vessels of other Nations to export from his Dominions to the Ports of France, any Species of Provisions, or of Warlike and Naval Stores.

Article X.

The Two High Contracting Parties reciprocally engage to procure for each other, at a Peace, every Advantage and suitable Indemnification: and His Britannick Majesty particularly promises to his Sicilian Majesty to take on that Occasion a special Care of the Interests and of the Security of the Crown ,of the.

Sicilies, as well as of the Tranquillity and Welfare of Italy.

Article XI.

If in Hatred to the present Treaty of, Alliance, any Power whatsoever should declare War against, one or other of the Two High Contrafting Parties, they mutually engage to make common Cause against such Power, under the same Conditions and reciprocal Engagements as are contained in the Articles of the present Treaty.

Article XII.

The Two-Contrafting Parties reserve to themselves the Power of concerting with each other, after a common Peace, the Means of giving to the present Alliance between the Two Powers, a greater Extent, and of agreeing upon - such Artides and Arrangements as may ensure in future the Tranquillity and Defence of their Subjects and Dominions, as well as of settling the mutual Succours to be furnished by the Two Powers with a View to obtain that salutary End. Animated by the same Zeal for the Prosperity of their People, they will likewise concert upon such Articles as may serve as a Basis for a Treaty-of Commerce equally useful to the Subjects of both Countries.

Article XIII.

The present Treaty of Alliance shall be ratified by the High Contrafting Parties, and the Ratifications thereof shall be exchanged in due Form at Naples, in the Space of Three Months, or sooner if it can be done, to be computed from the Day of the Signature of the present Act.

In Witness whereof, we the under-signed, furnished with full Powers by our respective Sovereigns,

have signed the present Treaty of Alliance, and have

affixed thereto the Seal of our Arms.

Done at Naples, the First Day of December, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight.

(L.S.) William Hamilton. (L.S.) Martini , Mar-

quis de Gallo.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused-by the Members of the House.

8 . Mr.

39 Geo. III.

26° — 2 70 Septentbris.

MOMiVolua. Mr. Secretary Dnttdaspresented to the House (ao cording to Order) a Bill for enabling His Majesty to accept the Services of an additional Number of Volunteers from the Militia, tinder certain Restrictions; and the same was received, and read the Fifft Titne.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered \That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Irfnfiionud Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, who are appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or Committee on near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time fv1? to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or Continued, That they do esquire what Public General Laws have expired within Twelve Months preceding the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament j and also what Laws are about to expire within Twelve Months subsequent to the Commencement of the present Session, or in the Course of the next Session, or at the End thereof; and to report the fame, from Time to Time, to the House, with their Opinion which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House. leportef Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 12th Day »7$5, referred, of May 1796, was made from the Committee, who were

appointed to insped and consider all the Temporary Laws of a Public Nature, expired or expiring, be referred to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 270 die; .

Anno 39° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1799.

Prayers.

ibpon Ex- Ik JC.R. Abbot reported from the Committee, appointing Laws, jyi ed to enquire what Public General Laws have expired within Twelve Months preceding the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament; and also, what Laws are about to expire within Twelve Months subsequent to the Commencement of the present Session, or in the Course of the next Session, or at the End thereof, and to report the fame, from Time to Time, to the House, with their Opinion which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual; and to whom the Report which, upon the 12th Day of May 1796, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to insped and consider all the Temporary Laws of a Public Nature, expired or expiring, was referred; That the Committee had made a Progreft In

15

the Mattefs to thenl referred, hnd had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read j and is as fol ioweth; viz.

Your Committee have proceeded to ah Examination of the Matters referred to them, and they beg leave to present to the House the following Statements; containing — First, An Enumeration of all the Public General Laws which have expired within Twelve Months preceding the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament, which by Retrofped includes all such as have expired since the 24th of September 1798; omitting only the Annual Acts for the Army, &c. which have been replaced by subsequent Acts now in Force *

Secondly, An Enumeration of all those which are about to expire within Twelve Months subsequent to the Commencement of the present Session, or in the Course of the next Sessiofi, or at the End thereof, in which it is thought proper to include, prospectively, all Which may expire upon or before the 10th of July 1801; it being often found necessary or expedient to institute Tome Inquiry into Fads connected with particular Laws, even in the Session antecedent to their Expiration, in order to ascertain the Propriety of their being continued or made perpetual.

And, Thirdly, They have thought proper to subjoin a further Enumeration of feme Statutes whereof the Duration is temporary, but uncertain, depending upon contingent Circumstances, such as the Continuance of Lives, the Laws of other Countries, Treaties with Fo reign Powers, Hostilities, &c.; conceiving it to be also necessary that feme of these Statutes should be brought under the View of the House, in order that it may be enabled more distinctly to foresee and more readily to provide for any of the Exigencies which may arise upon their Termination: — In this latter Lift, however, they have not thought it necessary to include several, which, although of a temporary and contingent Duration, dp not seem to require any special Notice, namely, such as have been made for the Funding of particular Loans, or the granting of personal Annuities, &c.

Your Committee propose to report, from Time to Time, upon such of the several Laws herein after enumerated, as concern Matters of general Regulation in Revenue, Manufactures, and Commerce, and the ordinary Administration of Criminal and Civil Justice, so far as in their Opinion they are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual: Besides these, however, the House cannot fail to notice several other Laws, in the following Lifts, which Your Committee propose to leave as Matters of weightier Concern for the Confide-fation of the House itself: Of this Description are not only the Annual Laws made for the Support and Dif-cipline of the Army, but more especially those which are about to expire (and feme of them very early) in the present Session, respecting the Service of the Militia in Ireland, the Punishment of Attempts to seduce the Army and Navy, the securing and detaining of Traitors, and the Suppression of Seditious Assemblies.

Vol. 5 *

I. EXPIRED

1

|6 27 ' Septetnbiris *

; I.

EXPIRED LAWS:

viz.

BETWEEN 24TH SEPTEMBER T798, AND 24TH SEPTEMBER 1799 *

Matter. - 0 rhinal Ail. O Continuing Act. Duration.

WHEAT, RYE and PROVISIONS. 36 Geo. 3. c. 3.^ 37 - - c 83- . 37 c. 125. 38 - - - - c. 29. J 38 Geo. 3. c. 10. From 30th December 1797, UNTIL Six Weeks from the Beginning of the next Seffioft> viz. 31st December - - - T 179®-

SMALL NOTES and BILLS, 37 Geo. 3.. c. 32. 39 Geo. 3. c. 47. 5th July t799.

ENGLAND. - - f

NOTES. SCOTLAND. 37 Geo. 3. c. 40, 39 Geo. 3. c. 48. 5th July 799‘

ARMORIAL BEARINGS. [Time of taking out Certificates enlarged.] 38 Geo. 3. c. 53. 39 Geo. 3. c. 8. 15 th February - - - — 1 1799 *

LAND-TAX REDEMPTION. [Time of Payment enlarged.] 38 Geo. 3. c. 60. 39 Geo. 3. c. 4^. 28th May - -- --1 25th June ----- -- f iflAuguft - J 1799.

II.

EX PIRING LAWS:

viz.

Between 24TH September 1799, and ioth jui y 1801.

Matter. Original Act. Continuing Act.. :Duration.

SAIL CLOTH, BRITISH. 12 Ann, St. 1. c 16. 36 Geo. 3. c. 108. f. 1. 29th September - - 1799, and End of the next Session.

THE LIKE. .: rt 9 Geo. 2. c. 37. 36 Geo. 3. c. 108. f. 2. „ — mmJUm , 29th September - - 1799, and End of the next Session.

(continued)

\ >

39 Geo. III. 270 Se 17

Matter. Original 0 Continuing Act. Duration.

SUGARS. 12 Geo. 2. c. 30. 33 Geo. 3. c. 40. f- 3 29th September — 1799, and and oi the next Session.

RUM and SPIRITS. 15, 16 Geo. 2. c. 25. 33 Geo. 3. c. 40. f. r. 29th September — 1799, and End of the next Session.

SAIL CLQTH, FOREIGN. 19 Geo. 2. c. 27. 36 Geo. 3. c. 108. r- 3- 29th September - - 1799, and End of the nexf Session. r

LINENS. YARNS. 29 Geo. 2. c. 15. 39 Geo. 3. c. 28. 24th June - - - — 1800. — >

RUM and SPIRITS. 33 Geo. 2. c. 28. f. 2. 33 Geo. 3. c. 40. f. I. 29th Septembef - - V 1799, and End of the nex£ Session.

MALT. 1 Geo. 3. c. 3. 39 Geo. 3, c, 2. 24th June -----,) 1800. ——

CORDAGE. BOUNTY on EXPORTATION. 6 Geo. 3. c. 45. 36 Geo. 3. c. 10S. Four Years from 18th May 1796, ni 18 th May - — ' ' — 9 1S00, and End of the next Session.

CUSTOMS — FEES. AMERICA and NEWFOUNDLAND. 5 Geo. 3. c. 45. 1 34 Geo. 3. g. 44. Five Years from 9th May 1794, viz. 9th May - - - - 1799, and End of t the next Session.

HPMP. IRIsH. 19 Geo. 3. c. 37. ----- 24th June ----- 1800. — < —

FISHERY; NEWFOUNDLAND. 26 Geo. 3. c. 26. Revived with a Ritrrfjc3 ky 39 Geo. 3. c. 102. and continued\ Two Years from lft January 1799, VI'/. 1 ft January - - - 1801.

GREENLAND FISHERY. m < ! 26 Geo. 3. c. 41. 39 Geo. 3, c. 101. f. 1. 25 th December - - 1800. —

y°L- I' (centspued)

18 . a70 Septembris, A. 1799 *

Matter. Original A SI. Continuing Act, Duration.

BRITISH FISHERIES. 26 Geo. 3. c. 81. Revived vjith a Retro/peci b 39 Geo. 3. c. 100. and continued, From 1 ft March - - 1799, to the End of the next Session.

SPIRITS. 17 Geo. 3. c. 31. f. 17. 38 Geo. 3. c. 35. f. 6.. 1 ft June - — - - 1801. — *

PAWNBROKERS. 29 Geo. 3. c. 57. 36 Geo. 3. c. 87. Three Years from the End of the Session 1796, VIZ. 19th May - - - - 1799, and End of the next Session.

ALIENS. 33 Geo. 3- c- 4- 33 Geo. 3. c. 4. 38 - - - - c. 50. 38 - - - - c. 77. ift August - - - - iSoo, and End of the next Session.

ANTIGUA, PORT OF ST. JOHN. 33 Geo. 3. c. 50. f. 2. \ 37 Geo. 3. c. 99. . f. 2. 10th July - - - - 1S01. ——

- BURNING SHIPS, &c. and OBSTRUCTING SEAMEN, &c. 33 Geo. 3. c. 67. 24th June ----- 1S00, and End of the next Session.

NEWFOUNDLAND JUDICATURE. 33 Geo. 3. c. 76. Revived with a Retrofpefl by 39 Geo. 3. c. 16. and continued. From 29th June 1798, UNTIL Thirty Days after the Commencement of the next Session following the 9th January 1799, riz. 23d October - - - - 1799-

DUTCH PROPERTY. NEUTRAL SHIPS and > CARGOES. 35 Geo. 3. c. 15. 35 - - - - c. 80. 36 c. 76. 39 Geo. 3. c. 12. f. 1. From 4th January 1799, TO Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session, yiz. 4th November - - 4 1799.

CHINA WARE; E AST-INDIA COMPANY. [Time enlarged for Drawback on Exportation.] 35 Geo. 3. c. 98. Five Years from 1 ft April 1795, yiz. 1 ft April - - - - 1800. - —

f (onti)iued')

39 Geo. Ill, 27® 19

Matter. ' Original A cl. Continuing Duration. 4 \

GLASS. 35 Geo. 3. c. 114: 39 Geo. 3. c. 38. f. 5. 5th July r - - . - - f 1800. ' \

SMALL DEBTS. SCOTLAND. 35 Geo. 3, c. 123. 1 Five Years from ift June 1795, viz. ift June - - 1800, and End of the next Session,

GRENADA and SAINT VINCENT'S. [Time ealarged.] 35 Geo 3. 6. 127. 39 Geo. 3. c. 11. > 2d October - - -23th March - - - -23 th March 799: 1800. r — 1801.

SEDITIOUS MEETINGS. V 36 Geo. 3. c. 8. f Three Years from iSth Dec 1795, riz. 18 th December — > 1798, and End of the nexf Seffiop,

CAPE of GOOD HOP$. 1 37 Geq. 3. c, u, 39 Geo. 3. c. 12, f. 2, From 4th January 1799, UNTIL Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session, VIZ. 4th November - - , A! 7 99> -?

SEDUCTION of ARMY and NAVY. 1 37 Geo. 3. c. 70, 39 Geo. 3. c, 4, From 17th Dec. 1798, UNTIL Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session, VIZ. 4th November - - — r — 1 — — T1 1 t 1799'

CAMS RICKS and LAWNS, 37 Geo. 3. c. 72. Revived with a RetrofpeS by 39 Geo. 3. c. 27. and continued. From ift March 1799, TO 25 th March - - 1800. - —

SAIL CLOTH and CANVAS. IRELAND. , t 37 Geo. 3. c. 76. 39 Geo.v3. c. 26. 25 th March 1800.

DISTILLERIES, SCOTLAND. ' — 37 Geo. 3. cr 102. f. 2. 39 Geo. 3. c. 78. f. 1. 3. 4. 10th November - -10th November - - 1799 1800. - — r-

"V °L. 55. (continued

20 2 Septembris.A. 1799 *

Matter. Original Act. Continuing Act. — ,--- Ai,?i - «ar Duration.

LAND-TAX on OFFICES, kz. SUGAR, TOBACCO, and SNUFF. 3s Geo. 3. c. 5. 39 Geo. 3. c. 3. f. 1. and 22. 25 th March - - - - 1800. *

SECURING and DETAINING TRAITORS. 38 Geo. 3. c. 36. 39 Geo. 3. c. 44. 1 (I March - - - - 1800. ——

LAND-TAX REDEMPTION. [Time for contracting enlarged ] 38 Geo. 3. c. 60. 39 Geo. 3. c. 40. 12th July - - - 11 25th December - J 1799.

ISLE OF MAN. 38 Geo. 3. c. 63. - - - - 5th July 1801. *

MILITIA. IRELAND. 38 Geo. 3. c. 66. 39 Geo. 3. c. 5. From 20th Dec. 1798, UNTIL One Month after the Commencement of the next Session, viz. 21 If October - - 17 99- "

INDEMNITY. \ 39 Geo. 3. c. 17. 25th April — - ' 22d June — - -1 ft September - - ► 6th November - -25th December - _ 1799 *

MARINE mutiny. 39 Geo. 3. c. 19. ----- - 25th March - — - 1800. — .

MUTINY — ARMY. 25th March - - - 1800. -

INN-KEEPERS. SOLDIERS. 39 Geo. 3. c. 36. 25th March - - - 1800.

PILCHARD hogsheads. 39 Geo. 3. c. 65. f-3- ----- - id June - - - - 1800.

('toHlinn?p

39 Geo. III. 270 Sep 21

Matter. Original Continuing AH. Duration.

CORN and PROVISIONS, Ac. t 39 Geo. 3. c. 87. . From 12th July 1799, UNTIL Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session, viz. 4th November 1799:

MILITIA CHARGE. 39 Geo. 3. c. 97. 25th March - - - 1800.

MILITIA ALLOWANCES. 39 Geo. 3. c. 103. 25th March - - - 1800.

NEUTRAL SHIPS. 39 Geo. 3. c. 112. . — From 12th July 1799, UNTIL Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session, VIZ. 4th November 1799 " —

HI.

LAWS

whereof the duration depends upon contingencies.

Matter Act. Duration,

The CIVIL LIST. 1 Geo. 3. c. 1. 17 Geo. 3. c. 21. Life of His Majesty.

HIS MAJESTY'S PERSON and GOVERNMENT. 36 Geo. 3. c. 7. Life of His Majesty.

REGENCY. 5 Geo. 3. c. 27 Life of His Majesty and contingently afterwards.

LONGITUDE. 14 Geo. 3. c. 66, 36 ..... 107. Until Discovery or Rewards expended.

Vol. 55. (continued)

22

2"]° Septembris. v 1799.

Matter. At Duration.

NORTH WEST PASSAGE. 18 Geo. 2. c. 17. Until Discovery.

NORTH PASSAGE, 16 Geo Co 6 ft Until Discovery.

NORTH POLE. 16 Geo. 3. c. 6. f. 2. Until Approach within One Degree.

BREAD ASSIZE. 38 Geo. 3. c. 62, Continuance of additional Duties on Salt.

LINENS, COTTONS, 23 Geo. 3. c. 21. 24 - - - St. 2. c. 14. Continuance of Irish Acts of Parliament.

REGULATION of COMMERCIAL INTERCOURSE with AMERICA. 37 Geo. 3. c. 97. Continuance of Treaty with the United States of America.

TRAITOROUS CORRESPONDENCE ... and INTERCOURSE. 33 Geo. 3. c. 27. 38 28. 38 - 45- 38 79 1

FRENCH PROPERTY. 34 Geo. 3. c. 9. c. 79. N.B. Some of these A<fU are to be in Force only M During the 9 War." Others, During the " War, and Two Months after the " Commencement of the next Session" Others, 99 During the M War, and until the End of the fpi . f . " next Session" Others,€ Dur- The present War with 1 i„s w„, w «.„i, France, &c. &c. \ "afterwards" Others, Dor- 99 ing the War, and until the sign-u ing the Preliminary Articles of 99 Peace" Others, " During 99 the War, and One Month after 99 the Conclusion of a definitive 99 TreatyOthers,99 During the 99 War, and Six Months after the 99 Conclusion of a general Peace "

PAYMENTS in CASH by the BANE of ENGLAND. 37 Geo. 3. c. 45. 37 c 91 38 c. 1.

VOLUNTEER CORPS. 34 Geo. 3. c. 31. 2Q - C. 14 39 - - - - c. 35. 39 _ - - - c. 62. j

MILITIA. 37 Geo. 3. c. 3. 37 3Z 37 " - I03- 38 x7- 38 18. 38 55- 39 - - - - 106. f. 2. and 39.

PROVISIONAL cavalry. 37 Geo. 3. c. 6. 37 23- 37 39- 38 51- 38 94- M 2?. Iii part repealed by 39 Geo. 3. c. 23.

( continued,)

39 Geo. III.

27® Septembris.

23

Matter.

MINERS.

Aa.

Duration.

38 Geo. 3. c. 74.

EMIGRANT CORPS.

SEAMEN.

PRIZES.

CONVOYS,

and

EXPORT and IMPORT DUTIES.

FOREIGN SHIPS and

ALIEN MERCHANTS.

34 Geo. 3. C. 43.

33 Geo. 3. c. 26.

33 ----- 66.

38 - — - 109.

33 Geo. 3. c. 34.

22 ----- ----- 66.

38 - - - - 109.

38 Geo. 3. c. 76.

See also

39 Geo. 3. c. 61.

----- --- - c. 95.

34 Geo. 3. c. 42. 37 Geo. 3. c. 63.

FRENCH ISLANDS PROVISIONED.

GUERNSEY, JERSEY, and ALDERNEY PROVISIONED.

GREENLAND

and

WHALE FISHERY.

SILK, FLAX, and FLAX SEED.

34 Geo. 3 c. ji.

37 Geo. 3. c. 125.

38 - - - c. 29.

34 Geo. 3. c. 22.

The present War with? p , „ . , _

France, &c. &c. - - } S"tht Ntlt" P‘P-

35 Geo. 3. c. 100.

36 .....4-

37 .....8-

LEVANT TRADE.

SALT, PORTUGAL.

37 Geo. 3. c. 84.

38 Geo. 3. c. 25.

J

VOL. 55.

( continued)

Wittenberg's Nat. Petition.

Bill to continue Act for Ptmiftiment of Attempts to seduce Sea or Land Forces, ordered.

24 2 70 Septembris. 1799.

Matter. AS. Duration.

EAST INDIA COMPANY. 35 Geo. 3. c. 1:5. The present War with?. , „ . , . _ 1 France, &c. &c. ^S,e thehom

EAST INDIA PRODUCE. 38 Geo. 3. c. 68.

INVASION and DEFENCE. 38 Geo. 3. c. 27.

September 27th, 1799 *

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Petition of Albert Wittenbergwas presented to the House, and read j Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and the Lord Hawkesbury do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Thir-ty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces, by Sea or Land, from their Duty " and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to " Mutiny or Disobedience," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue, until the Expiration of " Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session " of Parliament, an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh " Years of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy,

" licet, on the Sixth Day of June One thousand Seven " hundred and Ninety-leven, for the better Prevention l arfd Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons " serving in H is Majesty's Forces, by Sea or Land,

" from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or " to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act further to " continue, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the " Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the " Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy, videlicet, on the Sixth Day " of June One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-

" seven, for the better Prevention and Punishment of " Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's " Forces, by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny " or Disobedience," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill further to continue the said Act made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for empowering His Majesty, for a " Time and to an Extent to be limited, to accept the " Services of such Parts of His Militia Forces in this " Kingdom as may voluntarily offer themselves to be " employed in Irelandmight be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " continue, until the Expiration of One Month after " the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, " an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, Chap- ter Sixty-six, videlicet, on the Twenty-first Day of " June One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, " intituled, An Act for empowering His Majesty, for a " Time and to an Extent to be limited, to accept the " Services of such Parts of His Militia Forces in this " Kingdom as may voluntarily offer themselves to be " employed in Ireland," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly}

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare,. and bring in, a Bill further to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons, serving in His Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience, That they do make Provision in the said Bill for further continuing the said Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

1 Mr.

Instruction to continue Act for accepting Offers of Militia Regiments.

Further Re-poit Expiring Laws.

39 Geo. III.

270 — 28° Septembris.

25

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, appointed The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being to enquire what public General Laws have expired with- severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question in Twelve Months preceding the Commencement of the severally put thereupon, postponed. present Session of Parliament; and also, what Laws are ', That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen,

about to expire within Twelve Months subsequent to Who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill further the Commencement of the present Session, or in the to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of

Course of the next Session, or at the End thereof; and to report the fame, from Time to Time, to the House, with their Opinion which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual; and to whom the Report which, upon the 12th Day of May 1796, was made from the Committee who were appointed to inspect and consider all the Temporary Laws of a public Nature ex-

That the Committee had had come to several Re-

pired or expiring, was referred made a further Progress, and

solutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth;

Rejoined, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of " Newfoundland, and the Islands adjacent," which, by

Three Acts of the Thirty-fourth, Thirty-filth, and Thirty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 10th Day of June 1797, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which was, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, revived and further continued until the Expirat ion ot Thirty Days after the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Rejoined, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Two Acts, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Admission' of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose, which Acts were, by Three Acts, of the Thirty-seventh, Thirty-eighth, and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament, are near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act authorizing His Majesty, for a limited Time, to make " Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to " and from the Cape of Good Hope," yhich was, by Two Acts of the Thirty-eighth and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty, by Order in " Council, to permit, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, such " Goods as shall be specified in such Order to be imported into this Kingdom in Neutral Ships," is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Rejoined, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parlia-

the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons, serving in His Majesty's Forces, by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Firfc Resolution of the said Committee, and which has been agreed to by the House.

Rejoined, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Acts mentioned in the subsequent Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been postponed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for enabling His Majesty to accept the Services of an additional Number of Volunteers from the Militia, under certain Restrictions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion, made Yesterday, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left th6 Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Militia Volun teers BiII,com-

ffiitted.

Committee to consider of the Motion for a Supply,

Salb at I, 28° die Septembris 5

Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1799.

Anno

Prayers.

39

THE House, according to Order, resolved itself Committee on into a Committee of the whole House, to con- 5main Expir-ment, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to fider of Two Acts, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the IDS Law '

* prohibit the Exportation, and permit the Importation, Reign of His present Majesty, and also an Act, made in " of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present MaArticles of Provision without Payment of Duty, to jesty, relating to the Admission of certain Articles of

Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose; and also, of an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act authorizing His Majesty,

" for a limited Time, to make Regulations respecting the " Trade and Commerce to and from The Cape of Good

H "

" continue in Force until Six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament," is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The First Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Vol. 55.

4

Report from Committee on the Motion for a Supply.

Committee of Supply appointed.

28° Septem

A. 1799.

" Hopeand also, of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty, " by Order in Council, to permit, until Six Weeks after " the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, " such Goods as shall be specified in such Order, to be " imported into this Kingdom in Neutral Ships;" and also, of another Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to " prohibit the Exportation, and permit the Importation, " of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other " Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty, to " continue in Force until Six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Long reported, from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion, made upon Fiturflay lad, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time j

Resolved, NemineContradicente, That this House doth

agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Ordinary and Extraordinary of the Navy, for the Months of January and February 1800, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, from the 25th Day of December 1799 to the 24th Day of February 1800, both inclusive, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Months of January and February 1800, be laid before this House.

Refo/ved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay the said Estimates before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service " of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninetynine."

The Floufe being informed that Mr. Bedford, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Exchequer Bills issued by virtue of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service " of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninetynine."

And then he withdrew.

And the 'title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Exchequer Bills issued by virtue of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Sendee " of the Year 1799."

The Exchequer Bills issued in pursuance of the above Act, amount to the Sum of Three Millions.

Exchequer, the 28th Day of Sep!ember 1799.

Grosvenor Cha' Bedford.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Luna,

Estimates ordered.

in u v and Extra of Navy.

Guards and Gan ilons.

Ordnance.

Account of Exchequer Bills, ordered.

presented.

Answer to Address.

Petition of Merchants of Liverpool, &c. trading to the West Indies,

39 Geo. III. 30° .

Lunce,30° die Septembris;

Anno 390 Georgii III. H Regis, 1799. Prayers.

MR. Steele reported to the House, That their Address of Saturday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, that the Estimates therein mentioned might be

27

laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Wallace presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Estimate of the Amount of the Ordinary and Extraordinary of His Majesty's Navy, for Two Lunar Months, commencing the lit January i8op.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Navy Office, ? An ESTIMATE of the Amount of the Ordinary and Extraordinary of His Majesty's Navy, 25 Septr 1799.3 for Two Lunar Months, commencing the ift January 1800.

For the Ordinary ----- - Extraordinary - - - - £ 121,510 115,625 — —

237 A3S

The Total amounts to the Sum of Two Hundred Thirty-seven Thousand One Hundred Thirty-five . Pounds.

A. S. diamond. J. Henflow. Geo. Rogers.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of several Merchants of Liverpool and Lancaster, on Behalf of themselves and other Merchants of those Places, trading to the Wft , being offered

to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Confederation of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have in their Possession a very large Quantity of West India Produce, for which they cannot at present find any Market whatever, owing principally to Circumstances which have recently occurred on the Continent; and that the Petitioners, as well as many other Persons of great Property and Credit, being interrupted in the Sale of such Produce, find it impossible, without the Assistance of Parliament, to fulfil various Engagements entered into by them, in Confidence of Remittances from the West Indies: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief, either by the Issue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, or in such other Manner as the House shall think proper and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. , &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of

Vol. 55.

the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Planters and others of His Majesty's Islands of Saint Vincent and Grenada., being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, a Loan of Exchequer Bills was granted for the Relief of the Petitioners, the Payment of which has by several Acts been postponed; and that several Instalments on the said Loan will become due in a short Period of Time, the Whole of which the Petitioners, from the very great Stagnation in the Sale of West India Produce, are unable to repay on the Days when they become due: And therefore praying, That further Time may be allowed for the Payment of the Instalments on the said Loan, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabic.

Mr. Sargent presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Two first Months of the Year 1800 — Land Service.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

An

Ordinary and Extra of Navy, pre fented.

Petition of Planters, &c. of Saint Vincent and Gre nada.

Ordnance Estimate, pre fented.

i.

28 30 0 Septembris1799.

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Two first Months of the Year 1800.

LAND SERVICE.

Ordinary -Extraordinary - 80,000 - 270,000

Total £. 350,000

\ Office of Ordnance, 25th September 1799. J. Sargent. Baillie.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

p.xiraf} of a Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Ex-Govrrnor^Ge ra<^ a Tetter from the Right honourable the Gover-nerii^ordeicd. nor General in Council to the Secret Committee of the Court of Directors of the India Company, dated

Fort Saint George, the 18th of April 1799.

prerented. The House being informed that Mr. Owen (from the Directors of the East India Company) attended at the Door, he was called in; and at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Extract of a Letter from the Right honourable the Governor General in Council to the Secret Committee of the Court of Directors of the East India Company, dated Fort Saint George, the x 8th of April 1799.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Bill to prohibit Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to sorts',°fn Pr°hibit, for a Time to be limited, the making of Low Scotland, or- Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any dered. other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran,

in that Part of Great called Scotland: And that

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, on the Credit of such Monies as may arise by virtue of an Act, of the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting certain additional Duties of Customs on Goods exported and imported, and on Tonnage of Ships entering outwards or inwards to or from Foreign Parts, until the Signing the Preliminary Articles of Peace; and upon an Act of last Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties upon Income: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Ryder, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

' Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain, Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney, and in Holland, from the 25th December 1799 to the 24th February 1800, both inclusive, being 62 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, See. including those at Gibraltar, in Minorca, and at The Cape of Good Hope, and a Corps of Foot in New South Wales, from the 25th December 1799 to the 24th February 1800, both inclusive, being 62 Days.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth;

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain, Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney^and in Holland, from the 25th December 1799 to the 24th February 1800, both inclusive, being 62 Days.

Numbers. Charge for 62 Days.

Two Regiments of Life Guards - Royal Regiment of Horse Guards - - - -Twenty-two Regiments of Dragoon Guards and Dragoons -Three Regiments of Foot Guards, confiding in the Whole of 72 Companies of 150 Rank and File each ----- -- Thirty Battalions of Foot of 1,200 Rank and File each Eighteen D° — of 600 Rank and File each ----- - Royal Garrison Battalion - - - Fifty-four Independent Companies of Invalids - - - -Garrisons ----- ----- - 7°3 559 16,998 11,864 40,230 12,924 701 5,766 302 £. IO>79° 6,900 I5L35 60,076 182,765 66,840 — — 3,5n 23>434 4,928

Total - 90,047 £-S 10,596 — ' —

War Office,

26th September 1799.

Windham.

Bill to issue Exchequer Bills on To&-ntge and Income Acts, ordered.

Estimates pre-iented.

Guards and Garrisons.

Forces in the Plantations *

Committee oH Militia Volun teen Bill *

Committee of Supply.

Account of Exchequer Bvils, referred,

39 Geo. III.

30° Septembris.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, See. including those at,

in Minorca, and at The Cape of Good Hope, and a Corps of Foot in South Wales, from the 25 th 'December

1799 to the 24th February 1800, both inclusive, being 62 Days.

Numbers. Charge for 62 Days.

Three Regiments of Dragoons Thirty-three Battalions and Corps of Foot ----- -- Garrisons in North America and the West Indies ----- - Garrison of Gibraltar - -- - General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals serving with the Forces in North America, the West Indies, and at Gibraltar - - - - 2,071 26,707 1.19,000 — — x33>274 1>5°4 623 12,079 — —

Total - 28,778 f. 166,480 — —

War Office,

46th September 1799.

W.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enabling His Majesty to accept the Services of an additional Number of Volunteers from the Militia, under certain Restrictions.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sargent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr- Sargent reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleal'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

__And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Exchequer Bills ifflied by virtue of an Ail, made in the last §cffion of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising the Sum of " Three Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Ninety-nine," be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleal'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon IVeducfday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

.\ Vol. 55.

Mr. Long, according to Order, reported from the Report from Committee of the whole House, to whom it was rc-ferred to consider of Two Adds, made in the Thirty- tug Laws, fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also, an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Admis fion of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose; and also, of an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act, authorizing His Majesty, for a limited Time, to make Regulations respecting the " Trade and Commerce to and from The Cape of Good " Hopeand also, of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act; to enable His Majesty, by Order in Council, to permit, until Six " Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session " of Parliament, such Goods as shall be specified ift " such Order, to be imported into this Kingdom in " Neutral Ships;" and also, of another Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation,

" and permit the Importation, of Corn, and for allow-

ing the Importation of other Articles of Provision " without Payment of Duty, to continue in Force " until Six Weeks from the Commencement of the " next Session of Parliamentthe Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Two Acts, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose, which Acts were, by Three Acts of the Thirty-seventh, Thirty-eighth, and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued until Six Weeks after the Commence -. ment-of the present Session of Parliament, are near ex-, piring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act made in the Thirty-icventh Year of the Reign of fits present Majesty, intituled, " An " Act, authorizing His Majesty, for a limited Time,

" to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from The Cape of Good Hope," which was, by Two Acts, of the Thirty eighth and Thirty-

I . ninth

jo 3°° Septembris. —

ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Refdved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty, by Order " in Council, to permit, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, such Goods as shall be. specified in such Order, to be imported into this Kingdom in Neutral Ships," is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Refobved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty t.o pro- bibit the Exportation, and permit the Importation, " of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other " Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty, to " continue in force until Six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament," is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill further to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Prevention , and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces, by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Pifobedience, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions.

.nd then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Qagfc.

i° QBobris. A. 1799.

Mart is, i° die QElobris;

Anno 39° Georgii III'" Regis, 1799.

Prayers.

MR. John Pitt.presented to the House, according Wittenberg,

to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Albert Witten- f -

berg: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by Estimites, pre.

His Majesty's Command, 1 rented.

- Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Militia of Embodied Mi, Great Britain, of the Royal Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon, and of several Corps of Fencible Infantry, from the 25th December 1799 to the 24th February 1800, both inclusive, being 62 Pays: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of several Corps of Fencible Fencible C . Cavalry in Great Britain, including the Embodied Provisional Cavalry, from 25th December 1799 to 24th bruary 1800, both inclusive, being 62 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Increased Rates of Subsistenee to Subsistence, to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on lnnJtetPer quartering Soldiers, from 25th Premier 1799 to 24th February 1800, both inclusive, being 62 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Expences expected to Expence, in be incurred in the Barrack Master General's Department, from 25th December 1799 to 24th February 1800, both inclusive, being 62 Days.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as fgUqweth j viz.

E ST I M A T E of the Charge of the Embodied M>lft>a of Great , of the Royal Corps of Miners of 'Cornwall and Devon, and of several Corps of Fencible Infantry; from the 25th December 1799 to the 24th February 1800, both inclusive, being 62 Days.

Numbers. Charge for 62 Days.

Embodied Militia of South Britain - - Royal Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon ----- - Fencible Infantry - -- -- - - -- 26,621 7,082 937 10,637 £ M9>536 28,858 3,740 50,864

Total - 55'277 £232,998

War Office, ill October W.Windham.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of several Corps of Fencible Cavalry in Great Britain, including the Embodied Provisional Cavalry; from 25th December 1799 to 24th February 1800, both inclusive, being 62 Days,

~ Numbers Charge for 62 Days.

Fencible Cavalry Embodied Provisional Cavalry - & m ~ — - 8,163 2,023 £ 73,740 18,895

' Total - 10,186 £ 92,635

War Office, ift October 1799.

W. Windham.

ESTIMATE

Petition of Merchants of Liverpool, &c. reported.

39 Geo. III. i° O31

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on Quartering Soldiers;, from 25th December 1799 to 24th February 1800, both inclusive, being 62 Days.

For the Increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on quartering Soldiers, for 62 Days from 25th December 1799 to 24th February 1800, both inclusive -

ft. 40,000 — —

War Office,

1 ft October 1799.

JV. Windham *

ESTIMATE of "the Charge of the Expences expected to be incurred in the Barrack Matter General's Department, from 25th December 1799 to 24th February 1800, both inclusive, being 62 Days.

For the Expences expected to be incurred in the Barrack Master General's Department, for 62 Days, from 25th December 1799 to 24th February 1800, both inclusive -

£.120,000 — - —

War Office, ift October 1799.

JV.

Ordered \That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Gafeoyne reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants of Liverpool and caster, on Behalf of themselves and other Merchants of those Places, trading to the IVft Indies, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had dire died him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Peter Richard, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Merchants of Liverpool are possessed of a very large Quantity of West India Produce: That the Months of September and October is the Time when large Exports are made to the Continent; the Foreign Markets are at present greatly over-stocked with such Produce; numerous Failures have happened in the City of Hamburgh, which have already produced similar Effects in the City of London; which Circumstances have so intimidated the Exporters of those Articles, as t,o induce them to desist almost entirely from purchasing and lliip-ping: That the Purchasers for the Home Market, perceiving the Exporters not inclined or unable to purchase, have kept back in their Purchases in a moll unprecedented Manner, impressed with an Idea of a further Reduction in Price, and therefore very insignifi-cant Sales have been effected of the innnenfe Stock now in Liverpool: That the West India Merchants, thus situated, have already fold Produce to answer their pressing Demands, at a Reduction of ft. 50 per Cent, and would be willing to make further Sacrifices, if they could meet with Purchasers.

Vol. 55.

John Stout, Esquire, being examined, informed your Committee, That the Merchants of Lancaster were possessed of an unprecedented Quantity of India Produce, which they could not dispose of, for the Reasons given by the former Witness.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Grenada and Planters and others, of His Majesty's Islands of Saint *

Vincent and Grenada, which was Yesterday presented to BUI, ordered, the House, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to " direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills to a limited " Amount, for the Purposes, and in the Manner,

" therein mentioned," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing further Time.

" for the Payment of Instalments to become due on " certain Sums advanced by way of Loan, pursuant to " an Adtof the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills to a " limited Amount, for the Purposes, and in the Manner, therein mentioned; and for granting further Relief to Persons connected with, and trading to, the " Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

-f- The

Appropriation of Duties axifing by Tonnage and Income Acts, to be considered.

KeportSuppIy.

Seamen.

Wages for D°.

Visuals for

Do.

Wear and Tear of Ships.

Ordnance for Sea Service.

32

OBobris.

A.

1799.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for allowing further Time for the Payment of Instalments " to become due on certain Stfms advanced by way of " Loan to certain Persons connected with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and Saint ," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for allowing further Time for the Payment of Instalments on certain Sums of Money advanced by way of Loan to several Persons connected with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent: And that Mr.

Sir William Young, and Mr. Manning, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Protection of " the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new and " additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and " exported, and on the Tonnage of certain Ships entering Outwards or Inwards to or from Foreign Parts, " until the signing the Preliminary Articles of Peace," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to repeal " the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the last Sef-a fion of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War; and to make % t more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Acts as relates to the Appropriation of the Duties thereby granted.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That One Hundred and Twenty Thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service, for Two Lunar Months, commencing the ifto [January 1800, including Twenty-

two Thousand Six Hundred and Ninety-six Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Hundred and Forty-four Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for Wages for the said One Hundred and Twenty Thousand Men, for Two Lunar "Months, commencing the ift of January 1800, at the Rate of One Pound Seventeen Shillings per Man per Month.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Hundred and Fifty-six Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for Victuals for the said One Hundred and Twenty Thousand Men for Two Lunar Months, commencing the ift of January 1800, at the Rate of One Pound Eighteen Shillings per Man per Month.

Resolved, That it js the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven Hundred and Twenty Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Wear and Tear of the Ships in which the said One Hundred and Twenty Thousand Men are to serve, for Two Lunar Months, commencing the ift of January 1800, at the Rate of Three Pounds per Man per Month.

Rfo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty Thousand Pounds; be granted to His Majesty, for Ordnance for Sea Service

on Board the Ships in which the said One Hundred and Twenty Thousand Men are to serve, for Two Lunar Months, commencing the ift of "January 1800, at the Rate of Five Shillings per Man per Month.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Exchequer That a Sum, not exceeding Three Millions, be granted Buis to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for - railing the Sum of Three Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thou-

A '

" land Seven hundred and Ninety-nine," and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

The laid Resolutions being severally road a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Mom- Committee of ing, resolve itself id to a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply pointed!P granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Sargent, according to Order, reported from the Militia Vo-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enabling His Majesty to accept the Services of an additional Number of Volunteers from the Militia, under certain Restrictions, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, That Musicians and Armourers shall not infill without the Consent of the Colonel or Commanding Officer.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

That the Colonel or Commanding Officer may refuse to discharge any Man, on giving in a written Declaration to the General, as the Cauie of his Refusal; if the General shall deem such Cauie sufficient.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning? if the said Bill Hull be then in-

grossed.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Bill to pro-House, according to Order, a Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the making of Low Wines and &c. in Scot-Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of t» >‘hFeJ"ente,l« Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, ExplringLawi a Bill to continue several Laws relating to the Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces; to the empowering His Majesty to accept the Services of such Parts of the Militia

of

39 Geo. III.

2° OBobris.

33

of this Kingdom as may offer to serve in Ireland; to the Ad million of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council forthat Purpose; to the authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade to The Cape of; to the

establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland; to the enabling His Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into this Kingdom in Neutral Ships; and to the enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and permit the Importation, of Corn} and to the allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Embodied Militia, &c.

Mercuriiy 2° OElobris;

Anno 39° Georgii IIItU Regis, 1799.

Amfwrr of Lord Duncan to Mr. Speaker.

dered.

Committee of Supply.

Fft'imtes referred. Guards and Garrison.

Forces in the Plantations.

Feneibk Cavalry.

Siibftdenee to Innkeepers.

Barrack Department.

Ordnance.

Ordinary and Extra Navy.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had received, from Admiral Lord Viscount the following Answer to Mr. Speaker's Letter, requesting his Lordship to signify to Vice Admiral and the several Captains and Officers in the Fleet under his Command, the Thanks of this House, of the 26th 4?ay of September last.

September 30, 1.799.

Sir,

I am honoured with your Letter of the 26th, transmitting to me the unanimous Resolutions of the House of Commons, which I have great Satisfaction in forwarding to Vice Admiral ,with a Copy of your very polite Letter to me.

I have the Honour to be,

With much Respect and Esteem,

Sir,

Your most obedient and very humble Servant,

Duncan.

The Right Honourable Henry Addington,

Scc. &c. &c.

ProreHinp of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies c!fof the Proceedings of the Lords Commissioners of the Reporu, ur- Admiralty, and of such other Proceedings as have taken place in Consequence of Directions from them, respecting the Matters dated in the several Reports of the Select Committee on Finance, so far as they regard the Naval Departments.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty j Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney, and in Holland, from the % tp\\ December 1799 to the 24th February '1800, both inclusive, being 62 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, &c. including those at Gibraltar, in Minorca, and at The Cape of Good

and a Corps of Foot in New South Wales, from the 25th December 1799 to the 24th February 1800, both inclusive, being 62 Days, be, referred to the said Committee.

Voi~ 55' "‘

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Militia of Great Britain, of the Royal Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon, and of several Corps of

Fencible Infantry, from the 25th December 179910 thfe 24th February 1800, both inclusive, being 62 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of several Corps of Fencible Cavalry in Great Britain, including the Embodied Provisional Cavalry, from 25th December 1799 to 24th February 1800, both inclusive; being 62 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the-Charge-of the Increased Rates of Subsistence, to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on Quartering Soldiers, from 25th December 1799 to 24th February 1800, both inclusive, being 62 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Expences expected to be incurred in the Barrack Mailer General's Department, from 25th December 1799 to 24th February 1800, both inclusive, being 62 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Two first Months of the Year 1800 — Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Amount of the Ordinary and Extraordinary of His Majesty's Navy, for Two Lunar Months, commencing the ill January 1800, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved ‘ itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bt agge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the , Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House of

to resolve itself intp a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That, they had come to several Resolutions; which they had dire died him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have.

Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Militia Vohn Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for enabling His Majesty to accept the Services of an additional Number of Volunteers from the Militia, under certain Re-

llrictions, be now read.

K And

Committee on Keport of Petition of Merchants of Liverpool Ire.

Duties cm Spirits made from Mdaflea, Sec. to be eon-fkkred.

Committee on Acts relating to Drawbacks on Sugar.

Inftntdiea.

Committee on Appropriation of Duties ariHog-by

34 a° OftobHs. A. 1799.

And the said Order being read accordingly j of an Act, made in the Thir'ty-eigluh Year of the Reign Tonnage and

The said Bill was read the Third Time. of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Intome Aa‘ *

The Amendment following was proposed to be made " better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and to the Bill; viz " for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on

Pr. 1. hi. To leave out from the Beginning of the " Goods imported and exported, and on the Tonnage Bill to " Whereas," in Line 10. " of certain Ships entering Outwards or Inwards to or

And the QiJeBion being put. That the Words pro- " from Foreign Parts, until the signing the Preliminary poled to be left out, Band Part of the Bill; " Articles of Peace and also, of an Act, made in the

It was resolved in the Affirmative. kft Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to re-

Then the Amendments following were severally pro- " peal the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the lall posed to Ije made to the Bill j viz. " Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Con-

Pr. 6.. 1. 4. To leave outpaffing'bf this Act," " tribution for the Prosecution of the War, and to

and infett " Time of his first " make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose,

" receiving such Directions," in- " by granting certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of Bead thereof. " the said. Duties," as relates to the Appropriation of

Pr. 13. L 24. To leave out from the Beginning of the Duties thereby granted.

the Line to, " transmit," m 1. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

26, and insert, " within Ten Mr. took the Chair of the Committee.

" Days after the receiving of any Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

" Order, for that Purpose, from Mr. reported from' the Committee, That lie

" His Majesty, Ggnified by His was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when " Majesty's Secretary of State," the House will please to receive the same. inBead thereof. Ordered, That the Report be now received.

And the said Amendments were, upon the QneBion Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Com- reported, severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House j and fnittee, That he was directed by the Committee to the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the lait Sef-be. An Act for enabling His Majesty to accept the Ser- lion of Parliament, for granting certain Duties upon vices of an additional Number of Volunteers from the Income, as relates to the Appropriation of the said Du-.Militia, under certain ReBridions. ties, and of the Duties upon Goods imported and ex-

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Dundas do carry the ported, granted by an Act of the Thirty-eighth Year Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. of the Reign of His present Majesty.

And Mr. Bragge moved the House accordingly.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to Bill oriatd. a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the amend so much of an Act, made in the laB Session of Report which was made from the Committee, to whom Parliament, for granting certain Duties upon Income, as the Petition of several Merchants of Liverpool and Lan- relates to the Appropriation of the said Duties, and of easter, dh Behalf of thcraselves and other Merchants of the Duties upon Goods imported and exported, granted those Places, trading to the West Indies, was referred. by an Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of Mr. Speaker left the Chair. His present Majesty: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Chan-

Mr. Pierrepont took the Chair of the Committee. cellorof the Exchequer, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do pre- Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. pare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Bill 10 UToe him to report, when the House will please to receive a Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Ma-the lame. ( jesty's Treasury, to issue Exchequer Bills, to a limited na^ana

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Amount, on the Credit of such Monies as may arile by eony Aa« Morning. virtue of an Act, of the Thirty-eighth Year of His pre- ?rtit‘UcJ-

sent Majesty's Reign, for granting certain additional Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Duties of CuBoms on Goods exported and imported, and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to on Tonnage of Ships entering outwards or inwards to consider of the Duties payable on Wort or Walh made or from Foreign Parts, until the Signing the Preliminary. from Melasses or Sugar, for extracting Spirits for Home Articles of Peace; and upon an Act of laB Session of Consumption. Parliament, for granting certain Duties upon Income:

And the same was received; and read the FirB Time,

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

of the several Acts relating to the Drawbacks and Boun- Tomorrow Morning, ties now payable on the Exportation of Sugar.

Ordered, That it be an InBrudion to the said Com- _ A Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the mak- Bill to profci. mittee, That they do consider of permitting Sugar im- ing of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, ported from the West Indies to be warehoused. or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or io

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com- Bran, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was, conu, utted mittee. according to Order, read a Second Time.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. of the whole House.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they Refol, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, had come to several Resolutions; which they had di- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upop reded him to report, when the House will please to re- the Bud Bill, ceive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow , The other Order of the Day being read;

Morning. The Bill to continue several Laws relating to the Expiring Law *

Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Per- ^‘^oin The House, according to Order, resolved itself into fons serving in His Majesty's Forces; to the empowering a Committee of the whole House, to consider of i'o much His Majesty to accept the Services of such Parts of the

6 Militia

39 Geo. III. . 20 — 30 OBobris. 35

Grenada and

St. Vincent's Inftmlmenu Bill, prc-lested.

Bepoct Sup *

PlT-

Guards and Garrisons *

Charge of D°.

forces in the fjpatntiens *

Militia of this Kingdom as may offer to serve in Ireland; Refol, That it is the Opinion of this Committee^ FendbkCa. to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in That a Sum not exceeding Ninety-two 'jt'housand Site " 7 Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for Hundred and Thirty-five Pounds, be granted to His that Purpose; to the authorizing His Majesty to make Majesty, for defraying the Charge of several Corps of Regulations respecting the Trade to The Cape of Good Fencible Cavalry in Great including the Embo-

Hope; to the establishing Courts of Judicature in the died Provisional Cavalry, from the 35th Day of Decembet Island of Newfoundland', to the enabling His Majesty to 1799 to the 24th Day of February l8qo, both indufivet

permit Goods to be imported into this Kingdom in being 62 Days.

Neutral Ships; and to the enabling His Majesty to-pro- Resolvetd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Embodied Mi-Bibit the Exportation, and permit the Importation,' of That a Sum, not exceeding Two Hundred Thirty-two "

Com; and to the allowing the Importation of other Ar- Thousand Nine Hundred and Ninety-eight Pounds, be tides of Provision, without Payment of Duty, was read granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the a Second Time. Embodied Militia of Great , of the Royal Corps of

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Miners of Cornwall and , and of several Corps of

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Fencible Infantry, from the 25th Day of December 1799 of the whole House. , to the 24th Day of February 1800, both inclusive, being

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- 62 Days, ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Sqbfiftwc t® upon the said Bill. That a Sum, not exceeding Forty Thousand Pounds, be huikc Pt" *

granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow the Increased Rates of Subsistence, to be paid to Inn-Morning, Ten of the Clock. keepers and others, on Quartering Soldiers, from the

25th Day of December 1799 to the 24th Day of February 1800, both inclusive, being 62 Days.

— Refohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Barrack De-That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Twenty partraew' Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Expences expected to be incurred in the Barrack-Master General's Department, from the 25th Day of December 1799 to the 24th Day of Fe-' bruary 1800, both inclusive, being 62 Days.

> Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordinary of That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Twenty-

MR. lujhingtonpresented to the House, according one Thousand Five Hundred and Ten Pounds, be granted

to Order, a Bill for allowing further Time for to His Majesty, for defraying the Ordinary Establishment

the Payment of Instalments on certain Sums of Money of the Navy, for Two Lunar Months, commencing the advanced by way of Loan to several Persons connected ift Day of January 1800.

with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and Saint Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Extra Nary.

Vincent: And the same was received; and read the First That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Fifteen

Time. Thousand Six Hundred and Twenty-five Pounds, be

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Extraordinary "Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Establishment of the Navy, for Two Lunar Months,

Tomorrow Morning. commencing the ift Day of January 1800.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the That a Sum, not exceeding Three Hundred and Fifty

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma- Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, jesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed for the Months of January and February 1800. him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; The said Resolutions being severally read a Second

and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

the same were read; and are as followeth; viz. agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Number of Land Forces, including Five Thou- Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Report w»y land Seven Hundred and Sixty-six Invalids, amounting Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred nd Means-to Ninety Thousand and Forty-seven effective Men, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers included, granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the be employed from the 25th Day of December 1799 to Committee had directed him to report to the House; the 24th Day of February 1800. which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, at the Clerk's Table: Where th© same were read; and That a Sum not exceeding Five Hundred and Ten Thou- are as followeth; viz.

sand Five Hundred and Ninety-six Pounds, be granted Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Mlltt to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Ninety That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma-Thousand and Forty-seven effective Men, for Guards, jesty, the Duties upon I^Ialt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry,

Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces, in which, by an Act of Parliament of the Thirty-ninth Year Great Britain, Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney, and in of His present Majesty's Reign, have Continuance to Holland, from the 25th Day of December 1799 to the 24th the 24th Day of June 1809, be further continued and Day of February 1800, both inclusive, being 62 Days. charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and upon Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, all Mum which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder That a Sum not exceeding One Hundred and Sixty-six and Perry which shall be made for Sale, within the Thousand Four Hundred and Eighty Pounds, be granted Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 23d Day of June to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty's Forces 1800 to the 24th Day of June 1801.

in the Plantations, &c. including those serving at Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee^ t n<J T» va

Gibraltar, in Minorca, and at The Cape of Good Hope, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- r fi B and a Corps of Foot in New South Wales, from the 25th jesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound, and no Day of December 1799 to the 24th Day of February more, be raised within the Space of One Year, from the 1800, both inclusive, being 62 Days.. 2jth Day of Mar eh 1800, upon Pennons, Offices, and

J Vol. 55. Personal

'Jovisy 30 OBobris;

Anno 39 Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1799. Prayers.

3 6 3 OBobris.A. 1799.

- Personal Estates, in that 'Part of Great Britain called

EnglandWales, and the Town of upon Tweed.

Sugar, Malt, . Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Tobacco, and That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the several Duties imposed on Sugar by Three Acts, made in the Twenty-seventh, Thirty-fourth, and Thirty-' seventlr Years of the Reign of His present Majesty; on Malt, by an Act made in the Twenty-seventh Year of

Reign of His present Majesty; and the Duties of Excise ®n Tobacco and Snuft, by an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, which, by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, have Continuance until the 25th Day of March

1800, be further continued until the a cth Day of March

1801.

Exchequer Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Bill . That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Two Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, iagreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. , Mr.

> Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Pybus, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon, the Second 'and Third of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Townshend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Pybus Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the last of the Laid Resolutions: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Townshend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Reportrespect- . Mr. Pierrcpont, according to Order, reported from the don of Mer Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred chants of Li- to consider of the Report which was made from the verpooi, &«. Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants of Liverpool and Lancaster, on Behalf of themselves and other Merchants of those Places, trading to the West Indies, was referred, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place} and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read } and is as folio we th; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That His Majesty be enabled to direct Exchequer Bills, to an Amount not exceeding Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, to be issued to Commissioners, to be by them advanced, under certain Regulations and Restrictions, for the Accommodation of such of the Merchants of Liverpool and Lancaster as shall be desirous of receiving the fame, on due Security being given for the Re-payment of the Sum, so advanced, within a Time to be limited.

The said Resolution being t£ad a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Pierrepont, Mr. Gajcoyne, and Mr. Dent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Committee <m The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Duties on Committee of the whole House, to consider of tire Du-

ties payable on Wort or Wash made from Melasses or tes, &c. Sugar, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported froth the Committee, That they had.come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Acts relating to the Drawbacks and Bounties now payable on the Exportation of Sugar, and who were instructed to consider of permitting Sugar imported from the West Indies to be warehouseJ, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House j which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same were read } and are as followeth , .

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar, which were directed to be withheld by an Act of the last Session, be allowed on all Sugar which shall be exported from this Kingdom, whenever the Price thereof shall be below a certain Sum.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that Sugar, imported from any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in the Indies, be permitted to be warehoused.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, postponed.

The last of the said Resolutions being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the last of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the First of the said Resolutions, which has been postponed, be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Resolution be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a , Committee of the whole House, upon the said Resolution.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House } which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Drawbacks and Bounties, which were directed to be withheld by an Act of the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and an Act of the last Session of Parliament, be allowed on all Sugar which shall be exported from this Kingdom, whenever the Price thereof shall be below a certain Sum.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the last mentioned Bill, That they do make Provision therein, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That His Majesty will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that a

Monument

Report from Committee on Acts relating to Diutvhackt on fcu£.iu

Bill ordered.

InffcruEhaj . *

A Jdreft for % Monument to-Earl Howe.

s

39 Geo. III.

Bill to issue Exchequer Bill on Ton sage and Income Acts, committed.

Committee oft Bill to prohibit the making of Spirits, Ac. in Scotland.

Committee on Kx^iring Laws

' 3 — 4

Monument be erected, in the Cathedral Church of Saint Pault London, to the Memory of Admiral Earl Howe,

with an Inscription expressive of the public Sense of his great and meritorious Services in the Course of a long and distinguished Life j and, in particular, for the important Benefit rendered to his Country by the brilliant Victory he obtained over the French Fleet on the ift Day of June 1794 and to afi'ure His Majesty that this House will make good the Expences attending the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

A Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, on the Credit of such Monies as may arise by virtue of an Act, of the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting certain additional Duties of Customs on Goods exported and imported, and on Tonnage of Ships entering outwards or inwards to or from Foreign Parts, until the signing the Preliminary Articles of Peace, and upon an Act of last Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties upon Income, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House> upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into & Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the making of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, jBarley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Brugge took the Chair of jthe Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue several Laws relating to the Prevention and Pu nilliment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces; to the empowering His Majesty to accept the Services of such Parts of the Militia of this Kingdom as may offer to i'erve in to the Ad-

mission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose; to the authorizing-His Majesty to rtiake Regulations respecting the Trade to The Cape of Good Hope; to the establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland; to the enabling His Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into this Kingdom in Neutral Ships; and to the enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and permit the Importation, of Corn; and to the allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Vol. 55.

OBobris>

37

Mr. Rose presented to the fcioufe, according to Order, a Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties upon Income, as relates to the Appropriation of the said Duties, and of the Duties upon Goods imported and exported, granted by an Act, of the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till To-mofrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V1enerts, 40 die OEtobris \

Anno 39° Georgii Jli"1 Regis, 1799.

Prayers.

MR. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the making of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from any.Meal, Flour, or Bran, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to' report to the House; and he read the Report -in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereppon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said. Bill shall be then inr grofled.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue several Laws relating to the Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces; to the empowering His Majesty to accept the Services of such Parts of the Militia of this Kingdom as may offer, to serve in Ireland; to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose; to the authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade to The Cape of Good Hopei to the establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland; to the enabling His Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into this Kingdom in Neutral Ships; and to the enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and permit the Importation, of Corn; and to the allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision', without Payment of Duty, was co mmitted, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and Which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once ,read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning,'if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain

L Duties

Income and Tonnage Duties Appro-priaiion Bill, presented *

Bill so prohibit the making of Spirits Scc. in Scotland, reported.

Expiring Law Bill, reported.

Malt Bill, pet fentecL

LahdTax, &c» Bill, presented.

Sugar Bill>

presented *

Exchequer Bills Bill, presented.

Liverpool, &(« Exchequer Bills Bill, presented.

Bill to extend Land Tax Redemption A&, ordered#

38

OBobris.

A. 1799.

Duties Upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr Rofc presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in

Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to ehable the Commissioners of the Customs to allow British Plantation Sugars to be warehoused; to revive so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the Average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation thereof, and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gafeoyne presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, and in the Manner therein mentioned, for the Relief of the Merchants of Liverpool and Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase, in the Manner therein " stated, the several Sums of Money now charged in " Great Britain as a Land Tax, for One Year, from the " Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven " hundred and Ninety-eight," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to en- large the Time limited for the Redemption of the " Land Tax; and to explain and amend an Act, made

* in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and " Purchase, in the Manner therein stated, the several " Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a " Land Tax, for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth " Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and " Ninety-eight," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That another Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " to amend, and render more effectual. Two Acts,

tie on Spirit# made from Mei&ilts.

" passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and the present Session of Parliament,

" for the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That another Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " to amend, and render more effectual, several Acts for " the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to extend the Period limited, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for the Benefit of Preference to certain Bodies, Companies, and Persons, therein mentioned, in contrafting for the Redemption of Land Tax: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Report «-Committee of the whole House, to w hom it was referred 1Peitins Du to consider of the Duties payable on Wort, or Walh, made from Melasses or Sugar, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read , and is as foU loweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Four Pence Three Farthings, Part of the Duties now payable upon every Gallon of fermented Wort, or Wash, brewed or made from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting.Spirits for Home Consumption, do cease and determine.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen Infineon, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill,

That they do make Provision therein for prohibiting any Distiller from using any Wheat, or Wheat Flour, in the preparing any Wort, or Wash, for extracting Spirits.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties upon Income, as relates to the Appropriation of the said Duties, and of the Duties upon Goods imported and exported; granted by an Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, be now icad.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Right Honourable Richard Lord Wellesley, Earl of Mornington in the Kingdom of Ireland, and Governor General of the British Possessions in the East Indies, for the Wisdom, Decision, and Energy, with which he dischirged the arduous Duties of his Station from the Time of his taking upon him the said Government to the glorious Termination of the late War, by the Capture of Seringapatam; during which Period, by opposing to the Perfidy of the late Sultan of Myfcre, an uniform Moderation,

Income and Tonnage Di> tics Appropriation Ui!'f commuted *

Thank voted to Lord Mom-ington, Lord Clive, &c,kc.

39 Geo. III. 4° — 5°

tion, Dignity, and Firmness, and by counteracting with equal Promptitude and Ability the dangerous Intrigues and Projects of the Fren, particularly by destroying their Power and Influence in the Decan, he prepared the Way for the rapid and brilliant Operations carried on under his Superintendance and Direction, the Result of which has finally disappointed all the Designs of our Enemies in that Quarter, and has established, on a Balls of permanent Security, the Tranquillity and Prosperity of the British Empire in India.

Resolved, Nemine ContraThat the Thanks of

this House be 'given to the Right Honourable Lord Clive, Governor of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, for his zealous, cordial, and honourable Concurrence, in forwarding the wife and dignified Views of the Governor General in Council, by which he has furnished a salutary and memorable Example of the Advantage of Unanimity and Concord, among the Persons employed in high Stations in the British Dominions in the East Indies-, and has, to the utmost of his Power, promoted the Success of those Measures, from which the most important Public Benefits have resulted to this Country.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of this House be given to Jonathan Duncan, Esquire, Governor of Bombay, for the Zeal and Promptitude of his Conduct, in preparing the Army of that Presidency for the Field, agreeably to the Orders of the Governor General in Council, whereby that Army was enabled materially to contribute to the successful and glorious Termination of the late War in India.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of this House be given to Lieutenant General George Harris, for the Whole of his able and meritorious Con-duff, in the Command of the Forces of His Majesty and of the East India Company, during the late glorious and decisive War with the Sultan of and parti-

cularly for the Ability, Judgment, and Energy, with Which he planned and directed the Assault of Seringa-fatam, the Success of which brilliant Atchievement has so highly contributed to the Glory of the British Name, and to the permanent Tranquillity of our Possessions in the East.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of this House be given to Lieutenant General James Stuart, Commander in Chief of the Bombay Army, which so gloriously co-operated in the Success of the late Campaign in India; and also to Major Generals John Floyd, Thomas Bridges, William Pop ham, James Hartley, and David Baird, and to the respective Officers of the Armies employed on that Occasion against the Enemy, for their distinguished and meritorious Services.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That this House doth highly approve of, and acknowledge, the Services of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Soldiers employed against the Enemy, in the late glorious and decisive War in the East Indies; and that the same be signified to them by the Commanders of the several Corps, who are desired to thank thetn for their gallant Behaviour.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do transmit the said Resolutions to the Right Honourable the Governor General; and that his Lordship be requested by Mr. Speaker, to signify the same to the Governor Generals, and other Officers referred to therein.

Proceeding, Mr Wallacepresented to the House,pUrfUarit to their

StAon1£ order>

Finance Re- Copy of Report of the Lords Commissioners of the jom, pr«- Admiralty, to the Lords of His Majesty's most Ho-1 nourable Privy Council, being the Proceedings had by the said Lords Commissioners, respecting the Matters dated in Reports of the Select Committee of Finance, so far as they relate to the Office of Admiralty.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to beperuled by the Members of the House.

Vol. 55.

OBobris. 39

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Hid Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Paper is prefefved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Grenada and Reading of the Bill for allowing further Time for the *

Payment of Instalments on certain Sums of Money ad- Bill, com-vanced by Way of Loan to feverdl Persons connected muted with, and trading to, the Islands of Greitada and Saint Vincent, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill Was read % Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be coriimitted to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House td resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Exchequer the Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Ma- Billion Ton-jesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, on the Credit of such Monies as may arise by virtue of an Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, , for granting certain additional Duties of Customs on Goods exported and imported, and on Tonnage of Ships entering outwards or inwards, to or from Foreign Parts, until the Signing the Preliminary Articles of Peace; and Upon an Act of last Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties upon Income, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself intq the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same;

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning;

Resolved, That this House will; Tomorrow Morning, Dude oa rfefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of charging Duties on Wort, or Wash, made &c. to be con from Melasses, or Sugar, mixed with any Other Materials, fidoed-far extracting Spirits for Home Consumption.

The Other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning Supply de-

next, resolve itself into a Committee Of the whole House, fcrred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Way, ana Ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Arid theft the House adjourned till To-mdrrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

£'abb at i % 50 die OStobris;

Anno 39' Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1799.

Prayers.

THE Bill (now ingrafted) to prohibit, for a Time Bill to p^M- to be limited, the making of Low Wines and bit the making Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of ^landT Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran, in that Part paftd.

of

Expiring Laws Bill patted.

Malt Bill, committed.

Bill fort&e Meeting of Parliament in Cafes of Adjournment, ordered.

40 £ OBobris ' A. 1799.

of Great Britain called Scotland, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prohibit, until the First Day of March One thousand Eight hundred, the making of Low Wines or' Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or 'any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr Braggedo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.'

The Bill (now ingrossed) to continue several Lattrs re lating to the Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces; to the empowering His Majesty to accept the Services of such Parts of the Militia of this Kingdom as may offer to serve in Ireland-, to the Admission of certain ArtU cles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose; to the authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade to The Cape of Good Hope; to the establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of; to

the enabling His Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into this Kingdom in Neutral Ships; and to the enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and permit the Importation, of Corn; and to the allowing the Importa tion of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; And that the Title be. An Act to continue, until the Twentieth Day of February One thousand Eight hundred, several Laws relating to the Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces; to 'the empowering His Majesty to accept the Sen-ices of such Parts of the Militia of this Kingdom as may offer to serve in Ireland-, to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose; to the authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade to The Cape of Good Hope-, to the establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland; to the enabling His Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into this 'Kingdom in Neutral Ships; and to continue, until the Thirtieth Day of September One thousand Eight hundred, an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and permit the Importation, of Corn; and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill For continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to ftiorten the Time now " required for giving Notice of the Royal Intention " of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, that the " Parliament shall meet and be holden for the Dispatch of Business; and more effectually to provide for the Meeting of Parliament in the same of a Demise of the Crown," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for empowering His Majesty to shorten the Time for the Meeting of the Houses of Parliament, in Cafes of Adjournment: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, 5

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, on the Credit of such Monies as may arise by virtue of an Act, of the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting certain additional Duties of Customs on Goods exported and imported, and on Ton-hage of Ships entering outwards or inwards, to or from Foreign Parts, Until the signing the Preliminary Articles of Peace; and upon an Act of last Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties upon Income, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill flia.ll be then ingrossed.

A Bill for continuing and grafting to His Majesty 1 Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w'hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to enable the Commissioners of the Customs to allow British Plantation Sugars to be warehoused; to revive so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the Average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation thereof, and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for enabling His Majesty todireft the Issue of Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, and in the Manner therein mentioned, for the Relief of the Merchants of Liverpool and Lancaster, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Reflved,

Bill to issue Exchequer bill on Ton-nage and Income Acts, repot led.

Land Tax, Ccc. Bill, cow milled.

Su?xr Bill, committed.

Exchequer Bills MU. committed

Liverpool, &c. Exchequer bills bill, comcrutt.d.

39 Geo. lit. 50- — 70 OBobris. 41

' Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom Lu?ieSi J° die OElobrls j

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. Anno 39» Georgii III'1 Regis, 1799.

Committee on Income and Tonnage Du-tie Appropriation Bill.

Bill for the Meeting of Pirli;iment in Cales ot Adjournment, pi denied *

Btll to extend Laud Tax Redemption Act, presented *

BiD for reducing the Dut.es on S pi its made fioin Melasses, presented.

Grenada and St. Vincent's Indalments Bill, deferred.

Committee on Duties upon Starch imported.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties upon Income, as relates to the Appropriation of the said Duties, -and of the Duties upon Goods imported and exported, granted by an Act, of the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for empowering His Majesty to shorten the Time for the Meeting of the Houses of Parliament in Cafes of Adjournment: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Ro/'e presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to extend the Period limited, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for the Benefit of Preference to certain Bodies, Companies, and Persons, therein mentioned, in contracting for the Redemption of Land Tax: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

O. dered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time,

upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for reducing the Duties upon Spirits distilled from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time, upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing further Time for the Payment of Instalments on certain Sums of Money advanced by way of Loan to several Persons connected with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent:

Resolved', That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of reducing the Duties now payable on Starch imported.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 55.

Prayers.

MR. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Income ?nd Committee of the whole House, to whom the agpr^"' Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the last Sef- primion bui, lion of Parliament, for granting certain Duties upon In- reP°rte<l come, as relates to the Appropriation of the said Duties, and of the Duties upon Goods imported and exported, granted by an Act, of the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-grofled.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill to extend Reading of the Bill to extend the Period limited, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for the Benefit of committed. Preference to certain Bodies, Companies, and Persons, therein mentioned, in contrafting for the Redemption of Land Tax, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill to iirue Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to enable the Lords B^lTron. Commissioners ftf His Majesty's Treasury to issue Ex- nage ami In-chequer Bills, to a limited Amount, on the Credit of co‘^.Aa,'i such Monies as may arise by virtue of an Act, of the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting certain additional Duties of Customs on Goods exported and imported, and on Tonnage of Ships entering outwards or inwards to or from Foreign Parts, until the Signing the Preliminary Articles of Peace, and upon an Act of Tail Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties upon Income, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, on the Credit of such Monies as may arise by virtue of an Act, of the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting certain additional Duties of Customs on Goods exported and imported, and on Tonnage of Ships entering outwards or inwards to or from Foreign Parts, until the Signing the Preliminary Articles of Peace, and upon an Act of last Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties upon Income.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing and granting to His Ma-

Majesty

Inftm&ions.

Committee on Land T44.&C.

Bill.

Instructions.

B3I for the Meeting of Parliament in Cafes of Adjournment, committed.

BiH for reducing the Duties on

42 70 Ofiobr. A. 1799.

jesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-That they have Power to receive a Clause, to direct, that the Deficiency, which shall be on the 25th Day of March 1800, of the Incomes of the Duties on Malt, granted for the Year 1798, to satisfy Principal and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1800.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.-

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wtales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed,

and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they havcPov.er to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax for the Year 1798, out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1.800.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for carrying to the Consolidated Fund the Surplus of the Duties imposed by an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, and on JSugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, and also the Surplus of the Duties granted by the said Bill, which have arisen, or shall arile, over and above the Sums thereby respectively appropriated for the Service of the Years 1799 and 1800.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.-

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for empowering His Majesty to shorten the Time for the Meeting of the Houses of Parliament in Cafes of Adjournment, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for reducing the Duties upon Spirits

distilled from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tojmorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of reducing the Duties now payable on Starch imported, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House j which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read;

and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that the Duties now payable on Starch imported into this Kingdom be reduced.

The said Resolution being lead a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reducing the Duties upon Spirits distilled from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, is committed. That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Re-solution.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enabling His Majesty to direct the Ilfue of Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, and in the Manner therein mentioned, for the Relief of the Merchants of Liverpool and Lane after, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair *

Mr. Pierrepont took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr

Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to accept the Services of an additional Number oi Volunteers from the Militia, under certain Restrictions; without any Amendment.

And then the Mcflemrers withdrew.

Ordered,

Spirits rr\?A~ from McLffcS, comma cd.

P eport on Duties upon Sure it imported.

Instruction.

Committee on

Exch'

Bills Bid.

Committee on Liverpool, &c-Excheoucf Bills Bill.

The Lords have 3greed to MUitiu V'u.u -tccis Bill.

Committee on

Grenada and St. Vincent's InAalments Bill.

Committee on Sugar Bill *

Supply, deferred.

Way and Means, deferred.

Royal Assent to a Bill *

1

39 Geo. III. 8° OBobris.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing further Time for the Payment of instalments on certain Sums of Money advanced by way of Loan to several Persons connected with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Ccfmmittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Young took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Young reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Commissioners of the Customs to allow British Plantation Sugars to be warehoused; to revive so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the Average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation thereof; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the-whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Teb of the Clock.

Marti s,8° die OElobris

Anno 39 (Georgii IIP" Regis, 1799.

fire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's ' Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission, under the Great Seal, was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to a Public Bill therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal High-nel's the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of,

the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bill.; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Steward of His Majesty's Household, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bill: Which Bill is as followeth; viz.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to accept the Services of an additional Number of Volunteers from the Militia, under certain Restrictions.

The Bill (now ingossed) to amend so much of an Income and Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for grant- Ton"ase Du'

_ T , ' . o ties Appris-

ing certain Duties upon income, as relates to the Ap- priation Bill,

propriation of the said Duties, and of the Duties upon Passed *

Goods imported and exported, granted by an Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act, to amend so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties upon Income, as relates to the Appropriation of the said Duties, and of the Duties upon Goods imported ' and exported, granted by;an Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Sugar Bill, rc-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to P°rted enable the Commissioners of the Customs to allow British Plantation Sugars to be warehoused; to revive so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the Average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation thereof, and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directedhim to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Confederation of the said Report be adjourned, till after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day.

Prayers.

A MESS AGE by Mr. Shiame, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker, »

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to an Act agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at tire De-Vol. 55.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Malt Bill, Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Ported-continuing and granting to His Majesty certain. Duties upon M^lt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the CJerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by die House.

re-

44

8° O&obris.

A\ 1799.

Xirdered, That the Bill, With the Amendments, be report, to the rfoufe; and he read the Report in his ingrossed. Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Amendments in at the Clerk's Table: Where the

Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill rtiall be then in- Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a

grossed.

Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time if the said Bill shall be then

Tomorrow Morning,

m-

t»dT»x, Seci Mr; Bragge, according to Order; reported from the Bill, reported. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England,

Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and cer- grossed. tain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred, was Sir William Young, according to Order, reported from committed, the Amendments which the Committee had the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to for allowing further Time for the Payment of Instal-

report to the House; and he read the Report in his ments on certain Sums of Money advanced by way of

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Loan to several Persons connected with, and trading to Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincefit, was commit-Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a ted, the Amendments which the Committee had made Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report

severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,

Grenada and

St. Vincent InstaJment BilJ reported.

ingrossed

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then grossed.

in-

txchequet Bills Bill, reported.

in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the ingrossed.

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tailing a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in- Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight grossed. hundred, was committed, the Amendments which the

Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had The House, according to Order, resolved itself into directed him to report to the House; and he read the a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, empowering His Majesty to shorten the Time for the with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where Meeting of the Houses of Parliament, in C'ales of Adjournment.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Lewc given to offer a Clause on Third heading.

the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of " the Consolidated Fund, for applying certain Sums of " Money therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year " One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, and " for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this " Session of Parliament," might be read.

And the fame being read accordingly

Ordered, That Leave be given to offer a Clause, upon severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House

the Third Reading of the said Bill, for permitting Exchequer Bills issued under the said Act, if not paid by a certain Day, to be received in Payment of any of the Branches of the Public Revenue.

Committee on hill for the Meeting of Pji Iiament in C'ales of Adjournment.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from tire said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Tabic: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question

eported.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Committee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Bill to extend Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to extend donption Aa." ^ie Period limited, by an Act of tire last Session of Parliament, for the Benefit of Preference to certain Bodies, Companies, and Persons, therein mentioned, in contract-Ing for the Redemption of Land Tax.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received, lepcxttd. Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to

Mr. Pierrepont, according to Order, reported from the Liverp00ij£c. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Exchequer enabling His Majesty to direct the Ilfue of Exchequer Kl re Bills to a limited Amount, and in the Manner therein p°re mentioned, for the Relief of the Merchants of Liverpool and Lancaster, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered,

39 Geo. III.

8° — 90 OBobris.

45

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time To- Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time morrow Morning, if the said Bill Hull be then in- Tomorrow Morning! if the said Bill lLall be then in-grofied. grossed.

Committee on Bill for re-during the Duties on Spirits made from Mtiafles.

reported *

recommitted.

Inflm&ioo.

Bill consider-

Report of

Sugar Bill, further con-toei

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for reducing the Duties upon Spirits distilled frdm Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith. '

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair'.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report, in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read. !

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill:

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for the' better Collett ion of the Duties to become payable on Starch imported.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. *

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order, made this Day, for taking into further Consideration, after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day, the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable the Commissioners of the Custotns to allow Plantation Sugars to be warehoused; to revive so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the Average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation thereof; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported, was committed, being read;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

„ A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing the Drawbacks on Sugar exported before the 5th of January.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Voi; 55.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 90 die Ofiobris 5 Anno 39° Georgii IIP" Regis! 1799 *

PR aVers.

ORDERED, That the Order of thfe Day, for the Malt Bill, Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for con- P ffed tinuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refovled, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry; for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Bill for re-

ducing the Duties on Spirits made from Melasses# reported *

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reducing the Duties upon Spirits distilled from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, was re-committed; the Amendments which the Committee' had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were , Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered That the Order of the Day, for the Third Land Tax, Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, WalA, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

in tinproving the Port of London# pro fented *

The House being informed that Mr. Tyrrell (Re- statements of membrancer of the City of London, and C.erk to the ?r Kre: mad West India Dock Company) attended at the Door, he-was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Statement of the Progress made by the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, in carrying into Execution the Provisions of the Act of Parliament, of the Thirty-nintk Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London:' .

And also,

N Statement

9° OBob\

A. 1799.

Grenada and St. Vincent' Instalments

Bill, patted.

tiverpooU &c«

T. Conner BiM« Bill, patted.

Exchequer Bill Bill, patted.

A Statement of the Progress made by the India Dock Company, and by the Directors of the said Company, towards carrying into Execution so much of the Act of Parliament, of the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London," as is thereby authorized nd directed to be done by them.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Statements were read.

Ordered, That the said Statements do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Statements are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for allowing further Time for the Payment of Instalments on certain Sums of Money advanced by way of Loan to several Persons connected with, and tTad'ing to, the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for allowing further Time for the Payment of Instalments on certain Sums of Money advanced by way of Loan to several Persons connected with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent.

Ordered, That Mr. Lushington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, and in the Manner therein mentioned, for the Relief of the Merchants of Liverpool and Lancaster, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass And that the Title be, An Act for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, and in the Manner therein mentioned, for the Relief of the Merchants of Liverpool and Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Dent do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for ‘ permitting Exchequer Bills, issued under the Act; of last Session, Cap. 114, if not paid by a certain Day, to be received in Payment of any of the Branches of the Public Revenue.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by why of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred, and for permitting Exchequer Bills issued Under an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for other Purposes, if not paid by a certain Day, to be received in Pay-Jfnent of any of the Branches of the Public Revenue.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragg e do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Conemrence.

Period limited, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for the Benefit of Preference to certain Bodies, Companies, and Persons therein mentioned, in contracting for the Redemption of Land Tax, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to extend the Period limited, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for the Benefit of Preference-to certain Bodies, Companies, and Persons, in contracting for the Redemption of Land Tax, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for empowering His Majesty to shorten the Time for the Meeting of the Houses of Parliament, in Cafes of Adjournment, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, directing, that Orders appointed for future Days, by either House of Parliament, shall be deemed to have been appointed for the Day on which Parliament shall meet under the Act.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally pro -poled to be made to^the Bill;

Pr. 1. 1. 9. To leave out " Prorogations," and

insert " a Prorogation," instead

u *

thereof.

1. 13. To leave out " certain" after " of," to insert " the," and to leave out from " Adjournment" to " of," in 1. 14.

I. 22. To leave out from " Houses" to " of," in I. 2 j.

1. 32. To leave out from " said" to " Parliament," in 1. 33.

1. 34. To leave out " any," and insert " a," instead thereof.

1. 36. To leave out " each of," and to leave out " Two."

1. 37. To leave out from " Parliament" to shall," in 1. 38.

1. 38. To leave out " thereby," and insert " thereupon," instead thereof.

Pr. 2. 1. 1. To leave out " therein," and after

" declared," to insert " in such " Proclamation."

1. 3. To leave out "^either House," and insert " the Houses," instead thereof.

1. 5. After " Law" to insert " Usage," and to leave out " Practice," and insert " Custom," instead thereof.

1.6. To leave out from "contrary" to the End of the Bill.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for empowering His Majesty to shorten the Time for the Meeting of Parliament in Cafes of Adjournment.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

_ ' Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

LandTa^Re Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to enable the Com-dOTption Aa, Reading oj( the Bill (now ingrossed) to exte'nd the missioners of the Customs to allow British Plantation paired. " £. Sugars

Bill for the

Meeting of Parliament in

Cales ot Adjournment,

patted *

SuTsr Bill, passed.

House resolve to aH'ourn to Friday.

Bill for reducing the Duties on fcpirits made from MclaiTcs passed *

Supply dfe *

fcrrcd *

Way and.

Meat t tte ferred.

House adjourned.

39 Geo. III. 90 — 11°-

Sugars to be warehoused; to revive so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the Average Price of Sugar, and regulating th^ Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation thereof, and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Commissioners of the Customs to allow, until the First Day of April One thousand Eight hundred, British Plantation Sugars to be ware-housed; to revive so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the Average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation thereof; and for allowing, until the Fifth Day of May One thousand Eight hundred, certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge 'do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Friday Morning next.

An ingrafted Bill for reducing the Duties upon Spirits distilled from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, was read the Third Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for reducing, until the First Day of June One thousand Eight hundred, the Duties upon Spirits distilled from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith; for prohibiting the Distillation of Spirits from Wheat or Wheat Flour;'and for reducing, until the Twentieth Day of September One thousand Eight hundred, and better collecting, the Duties payable on the Importation of Srarch.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Orders of she Day_being read;

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to

His Majesty.

Rejotved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned t;ill Friday Morning next. Ten of the Clock *

VeneriS) ii° die OElobris;

n '

Anno 390 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1799.

Praters.

THE House fnet, and being counted by Mr.

Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were not present; yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr. Speaker took the Chair; and having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members vfore not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question firstput, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 55.

120 OBobris. 47

Sabbatiy 120 d; ,

Anno 390 Georgii III"1 Regis, 1799.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr.

and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred, and for permitting Exchequer Bills, ,if-sued under an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for other Purposes, if not paid by a certain Day, to be received in Payment of any of the Branches of the Public Revenue; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to direct the Ilfue of Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, and in the Manner therein mentioned, for the Relief of the Merchants of Liverpool and Lancaster; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, on the Credit of such Monies as may arile by virtue of an Act, of the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign; for granting certain additional Duties of Customs on Goods exported and imported, and on Tonnage of Ships entering outwards or inwards to or from Foreign Parts, until the Signing the Preliminary Articles of Peace; and upon an Act of last Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties upon Income; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties upon Income, as relates to the Appropriation of the said Duties, and of the Duties upon Goods imported and exported, granted by an Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; witliput any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing further Time for the Payment of Instalments on certain Sums of Money advanced by way of Loan to several Persons connected with, and trading to, the Hands of Grenada and Vincent; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for reducing, until the First Day of June One thousand Eight hundred, the Duties upon Spirits distilled from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith; for prohibiting the Distillation of Spirits from Wheat, or Wheat Flour; and for reducing, until the Twentieth Day of September One thousand Eight hundred, and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Commissioners of the Customs to allow.

The Lords have agreed to

Malt Bill.

Land Tax, &c. Bill.

Exchequer Bills Bill.

Liverpool, &c. Exchequer Bills Bill.

Bill to issue Exchequer Bills on Tonnage and Income Acts.

Income and ' Tonnage Du ties Appropriation Bill.

Grenada and St. Vjncenfg InilalmenU Bill.

Bill for reducing the Duties on Spiiits made from xVldallcSe

Sugar Bill#

48

12° Oclobris.

A.

i'] 99.

lo(v, until the First Day of April One thousand Eight His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Direc-hundred, British Plantation Sugars to be warehoused j to tions, that a Monument be erected, in the Cathedral revive lo much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Church of Saint , to the Memory of Ad-

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to miral Earl with an Inscription expressive of the

the al'certaining the Average Price of Sugar, and regu- Public Sense of his great and meritorious Services in the lating the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation Course of a long and distinguished Life; and, in parti-thereof; and for allowing, until the Fifth Day of May cular, for the important Benefit rendered to his Country One thousand Eight hundred, certain Drawbacks on by the brilliant Victory he obtained over the

BUI to extend {.and Tax Re-dempiioh A&.

Sugar exported; without any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to extend the Period, limited by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for the Benefit of Preference to

Fleet on the i ft Day of June 1794, and to allure His Majesty that this House will make good the Expences attending the fame) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint

certain Bodies, Companies, and Persons, in contracting this House, That He will give Directions as desired by for the Redemption of Land Tax, until the Twenty.- the said Address.

Bill to pro. bibit the making of Sp rits, &c. in Scotland.

Expiring Laws

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Income of the Poll Office for the Years 1797, 1798, and 1799, as far as the same can be made up. '

fi£th Day of March One thousand Eight hundred; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prohibit, until the First Day of March One thousand Eight hundred, the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the Twentieth Day of February Alexander , Esquire, deceased.

One thousand Eight hundred, several Laws relating to the Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to fe-duce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces ;-to the empowering His Majesty to accept the Services of such Parts of the Militia of this Kingdom as may offer to serve in Ireland} to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Or-

Account of Income of Port Odice, ordered.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Dumbarton the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Slure Wr" electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament, for the Shire of Dumbarton, in the room of

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of in the room of John Lloyd, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of Steward or

Flintshire

Writ.

Bill for the Meeting of Parliament in Caies of Adjournment, with an Amendment.

Lords Amend-mem agreed

to.

ders in Council for that Purpose; to the authorizing -Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade Stoke, and in the County of Buck-to The Cape of Good Hope; to the establishing Courts of ingham.

Judicature in the Hand of Newfoundland; to the enabling His Majesty ter permit Goods to be imported into Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Eye Writ, this Kingdom in Neutral Ships; and to continue, until the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the the Thirtieth Day of September One thousand Eight electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, hundred, an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for for the Borough of Eye, in the County of Suffolk, in the enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and room of Mark Singleton, Esquire, who, since his Elec-permit the Importation, of Corn; and for allowing the tion for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Pay- Steward of His Majesty's Manor of East Hendred, in the ment of Duty; without any Amendment: And also. County of Berks.

- The-j-ords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for empowering His Majesty to shorten the Time _ RefThat this House will not receive any Peti- Time limited for the Meeting of Parliament in Cafes of Adjourn- tions for Private Bills after the 8th Day of March farr~tm"r ment; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the next.

Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

for receiving Petitions.

_ 0

The House proceeded to take the said Amendment into Consideration.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Clause (A.) 7 After "thereto," insert "other Lane 8. - - J " than and except any Order or " Orders that shall have been " specially appointed for particular Days by either House of " Parliament, and declared to " be so fixed, notwithstanding " any Meeting of Parliament " under this Act, and also except any Order or Orders . " made under the Provisions of

" any Act of Parliament."

The said Amendment, being read a Second Time,

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Royal Aftm Black Rod: te U» *

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Delire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His

Was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Royal Highness the Duke of His Royal High-

Aflfotr

AcklreU.

House.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Mr. Secretary Dttndas reported to the House, That

ness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury,

their Address of the 3d Day of this Instant October (that and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the

39 Geo. III. 120

the Duke of Portland ',named also Tn the said Comthif fion, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred:

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred:

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred; and for permitting Exchequer Bills, issued under an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for other Purposes, if not paid by a certain Day, to be received in Payment of any of the Branches of the Public Revenue:

An Act for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, and in the Manner therein mentioned, for the Relief of the Merchants of Liverpool and Lancaster:

An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, on the Credit of such Monies as may arise by virtue of an Act, of the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting certain additional Duties of Customs on Goods exported and imported, and on Tonnage of Ships entering outwards or inwards to or from Foreign Parts, until the Signing the Preliminary Articles of Peace; and upon an Act of last Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties upon Income:

An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties upon Income, as relates to the Appropriation of the said Duties, and of the Duties upon Goods imported and exported, granted by an Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty:

An Act for allowing further Time for the Payment of Instalments on certain Sums of Money advanced by way of Loan to several Persons connected with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent:

An Act for reducing, until the First Day of June One thousand Eight hundred, the Duties upon Spirits distilled from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith; for prohibiting the Distillation of Spirits from Wheat or Wheat Flour; and for reducing, until the Twentieth Day of September One thousand Eight hundred, and better collecting, the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch:

An Act to enable the Commissioners of the Customs to allow, until the First Day of April One thousand Eight hundred, British Plantation Sugars to be ware-housed; to revive so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the Average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation thereof; and for allowing, until the Fifth Day of May One thousand Eight hundred, certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported:

An Act to extend the Period, limited by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for the Benefit of Preference to certain Bodies, Companies, and Persons, in contrafting for the Redemption of Land Tax, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred:

An Act to prohibit, until the First Day of March One thousand Eight hundred, the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran, in that . Part of Great Britain called Vo L.55.

An Act to continue, until the Twentieth Day of February One thousand Eight hundred, several Laws relating to the Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces; to the empowering His Majesty to accept the Services of such Parts of the Militia of this Kingdom as may offer to serve in Ireland;to the Ad million of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose; to the authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade to The Cape of Good Hope; to the establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of foundland; to the enabling His Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into this Kingdom in Neutral Ships; and to continue, until the Thirtieth Day of September One thousand Eight hundred, an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and permit the Importation, of Corn; and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty:

An Act for empowering His Majesty to shorten the Time for the Meeting of Parliament in Cafes of Adjournment.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the the Ki»gde-House, That it being the King's Pleasure, that the House'toad. Parliament'should be adjourned until Tuesday, the jousn.

21 ft Day of January next. His Majesty desires that this

House will adjourn itself until T the 21st Day

of January next.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- House refold posed. That this House do now adjourn until Tuesday, to ac,.'ourn-the 21st Day of January next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words (21st Day of January') and inferring the Words (12th Day of November) instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words (21st Day of January) Hand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

{Sir Charles William 1 Rouse Bought on, > 38.

Mr. Brag J

Tellers for the Noes, [ ^None.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Main Question being again proposed;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the Debate be adjourned till this Afternoon at Four of the Clock;

The House divided.

The Yeas were directed to go forth.

- Tellers for the Yeas, }None *

Tellers for the Noes, Hil

So it passed in the Negative:

Then the Main Question being put;

Resolved, That this House do now adjourn until Tuesday, the 21st Day of January next.

And the House accordingly adjourned until Tuesday, the 21st Day of January next, Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

O

5o

2 ib Janua

A. 1800.

Answer of the Duke of York to Mr. Speaker.

Letter from Lord Duncan,

inclosing Admiral Mitchell's Answer to Vote of Thanks.

Mart it 2i° die \

Anno 40 Georgii HP11 Regis 1800. Prayers,

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had received from His Royal Highness Field Marshal the Duke of York, Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Fcfrces the following Answer to Mr. Speaker's Letter requeuing His Royal Highness to signify to the General and other Officers referred to therein, the Thanks of this House of the 26th Day of September 1799-

Head Quarters, Schagen 1799.

Sir,

Tn consequence of yout Letter of the 26th Ultimo, I have communicated the Thanks of the Honourable House of Commons, to Lieutenant General Sir Ralph Absrcromby, the Generals, and other Officers, under his Command, together with their Approbation and Acknowledgement for the Services of the Troops employed at the Attack of the Udder, on the 27th of August 1799, which Thanks have been received by Sir Ralph Abercromby, the Generals, other Officers, and

Troops, as one of the most honourable Testimonies and bed Rewards of their Exertion in the Service of their Country.

I beg to express, that having been employed to communicate the Resolutions of the House of Commons upon this Occasion, I shall ever consider as one of the most pleating Circunidances of my Military Life.

1 am.

Sir,

Your's,

Frederick.

The Right Honourable The Speaker of the House of Commons.

Mr. Speaker also acquainted the House, That he had received From Admiral Lord Viscount Duncan the following Letter, inclosing One to his Lordship from Vice Admiral Mitchell, in Return to the Thanks of this House of the 26th Day of September 1799, signified to him by his Lordship.'

Kent, Yarmouth Roads, 30th December 1799.

Sir,

I have the Honour to enclose Vice Admiral Mitchell's Acknowledgement of the Thanks voted by the House of Commons to the Naval Department in the late Expedition to Holland; and should have done so sooner, had not the Original mifearried.

I have the Honour to be.

Sir,

Your most obedient, humble Servant,

Duncan.

The Right Honourable Henry Addington,

&c. fice. &c.

His Majesty's Ship Isis, in the Flitter Channel, 15th 1799.

My Lord,

I had the Honour to receive your Lordship's Letter of the 30th September lad, accompanied with the Copy of One to you from the Speaker of the House of Commons, and the unanimous Vote of Thanks of that House to me and to the Captains, Officers, Seamen, and Marines, employed, under my Command, in the Expedition against Holland.

When the important Plan of referring, from the Hands of an usurping Power, a Fleet that lhoq|d have

acted as the Friend of Great Britain was committed to me, I determined that no Exertions should be wanting on my Part to secure so desirable an Object; and your Lordship's continuing and affidingme in the Trud with which I was veded, did not lessen those Exertions.

The Weather soon occasioned Obilacles that required our utmod Skill and Activity to surmount; and they could not have been surmounted but by the most ardent Zeal in the Captains and in the whole Fleet which the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty and your. Lord-Ihrp did me the Honour to put-under my Orders, whole Conduct was more like that of Brothers than of Men serving under Command.

To Two other Causes also do we owe our Success.

Fird the Unanimity that prevailed between the Army and Navy; and, next, the very liberal Equipment of,

the Armament by the Executive Branches of His Majesty's Government. The lead Deficiency in the former, would have lod us the favourable Moment of Landing; and, in the latter, would have rendered us unequal to persevere against the Storms we encountered.

If any Thing could add Value to the unanimous Vote of Thanks of the Commons of Great Britain, it would be the obliging Terms in which the Speaker has conveyed that Vote to your Lordship, together with the very friendly Manner in which your Lordship has transmitted it to me. I have taken the earlied Opportunity to communicate it to the Captains, Officers, Seamen, and Marines, under my Command; and, conscious of our own Zeal in the Cause of our King and Country, we have equal Pride and Satisfaction to find our Services approved and acknowledged by so high and so honourable an Authority.

I have the Honour to be,

My Lord,

Your Lord ship's

Mod obliged, most obedient.

And faithful, humble Servant,

A. Mitchell.

The Right Honourable Admiral Lord Viscount Duncan.

A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of UP *

Lands and Ground?, lying within the several Parishes Pe-

of Maney, Up we//, Welney, Downham, and in a ‘‘un-

certain extra-parochial Place in Byal Fen, within the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in the Twenty-fird Year of King George the Second, an Act was made for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands in the said Parishes, and extra-parochial Place, which are mentioned to contain, in the Whole, 6,700 Acres, or thereabouts (930 Acres whereof, or thereabouts, are Commonable Lands, and the red Severals) with Power to rate and assess all the Fen Lands and Low Grounds, within the said Didritt, in any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding One Shilling and Six Pence Acre per Annum, to defray the Expence of Drainage; and the said Commissioners have caused Banks, Engines, and other Works, to be made and erected at a considerable Expence; and that the Money authorized to be raised, as aforesaid, hath been found insufficient to defray the Expence of erecting and making the said Banks, Engines, and Works, and on that Account the said Commissioners have con-tracted Debts to a considerable Amount, which dill remain due and unpaid; and that the Engines and other Works, erected and made as aforesaid, are become of late Years greatly decayed, and it is deemed necessary that an additional Tax should be laid upon the Fen Lands and the Low Grounds, and that a certain Sum of Money should be borrowed, to enable the said Commissioners to repair the said Banks, Engines, and other Works, and to pay off the Debts incurred as aforesaid; and that, in order to enable the Commissioners effectually to embank, drain, and preserve, the said Lands and Grounds, it will be necessary that several Amendments 3 and

40 Geo. III. Januarii. 51

and Alterations should be made in the said Act: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, the said Act, relating to the Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, within the said District, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Charles General

Adeane, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

titioners, and others, in the said Fields and Meadows, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement, and it would tend greatly to the Advantage of all Persons interested in the said Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. JDickins and Mr. Perceval do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lincaster A Petition of the unfortunate Debtors confined in

Uu'd'01 PeU" Majesty's Gaol the Castle of Lam after, was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and Praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Dunfermline, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the c *

electing of a Commissioner, to serve in this present Par- "' liament, for the District of Burghs of Dunfermline,

Culrofs, Queen.ferry, Stirling, and Inverkeithing, in the room of William Tait, Esquire, deceased.

Tilbrooke Incloiuic Peu-<ion.

A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are. thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands, and Grounds, and otherwise interested in the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of in the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, and others, in the said Fields and Meadows, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement, and it would tend greatly to the Advantage of all Persons interested in the said Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Land's, and Waste Grounds, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Saint John and Mr. Osborn do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Persons, whole Names are there-dofure Psti- unto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Lands and tita Grounds, and otherwise interested in the Common and

Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the M.anor and Parish of Over and Nether Dean, in the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners and others, in the said Fields and Meadows, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement, and it would tend greatly to the Advantage of all Persons interested in the said Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Saint John and Mr. OJlorn do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto cuucn. subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, and otherwise interested in the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of the Pe-Vol. 55.

Mr. Long presented to the House, pursuant to their Account of

j Income of Poll

order> Office, pre-

An Account of the Net Income of the Pod Office for fcnted. the Years 1797, 1798, and 1799, as far as the same can be made up.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accounts or. Account of the Ordinary Revenues and Extraordinary dered> Resources constituting the Public Income of Great Bri- public income; tain, for the Year ended the 5th of January 1800, — distinguishing England from Scotland, — and distinguishing, under each Head of Revenue, the Gross Receipt, the Rate per Centum for collecting the lame, and the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Gross Receipt on each Head respectively; — distinguishing also the Net Produce, the Rate per Centum for collecting the fame, and the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Net Produce on each Head respectively; — distinguishing also the Payments into the Exchequer; — and the Amount of the Balances or Bills in the Hands of the several Officers of the Revenue on the 5 th Days of January 1799 and 1800 respectively, making Part of, or arising from, the Revenues of the said Year; — together with the Amount of the Balance remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th of January 1799 and 1800 respectively, whether appropriated or unappropriated; and the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, Navy Bills, and Transport Bills, issued for the Public Service between the Days above-mentioned, and not redeemed within that Period.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Consolidated Account of the Income of the Consolidated Fund for the Fund.

Year ended the 5th Day of January 1800, and also of the actual Payments thereout within the said Year;

— and of the future Annual Charge upon the said Fund, as it stood on the 5th of January 1800 (subject to such Decrease in the Charge as may arile from the Decrease - '

in the Charges of Management of Stock purchased by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt) j — ‘-distinguishing the Income applicable to paying the Charge for Debt existing prior to the Year 1793;

— and also the Income derived from the Duties imposed in each subsequent Year, together with the Charge created in each corresponding Year, — and in respect of what Sums raised, or Bills funded, such Charge was created in each of the said Years.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Permanent Account of the Net Produce of all the Permanent Taxes Taxe *

existing

Import ind Export.

Shipping;

Trade, &c.

Application

Exchequer Bills *

Disposition of Grants.

Debt in Exchequer Bill,

Income Tax.

Consolidated

Fund.

Vote of Credit.

52 2i° Januarii 1800.

existing befofe the Year 1793, and also of the Taxes imposed in each subsequent Year, — taken for Two Years, ending respectively upon the 5th Day of January 1799 and the 5th Day of January 1800.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Value of all Imports into, and all Exports from, Great Britain, for Fourteen Years, ending the 5th Day of January 1800; — distinguishing each Year; — and distinguishing the Value of Imports from the East Indies and China, from the Value of all other Imports; — and distinguishing the Value of British Produce and Manufactures exported from the Value of Foreign Articles exported; — together with the Difference between the Official Value and the Declared Value of British Produce and Manufactures exported in the Year ending the 5 th of January 1800.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, which have been Annually built and registered in the several Ports of the British Empire between the 5th of January 1789 and the 5th of January 1800, or to the latest Period to which the same can be made up: — Together with an Account of the Number of Vessels, and the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys usually employed in navigating the fame, which belonged to the several Ports of the British Empire, on the 30th of September in each Year respectively, during the Period abovementioned.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys employed in navigating the same (including their repeated Voyages) which entered Inwards and cleared Outwards in the several Ports of Great Britain, from or to all Parts of the World, between the 5th of January 1789 and the 5th of January 1800; — distinguishing each Year; and distinguishing British. from Foreign Vessels, — and the Countries from whence the said Vessels arrived, or to which they were bound.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, shewing how the Monies raised by virtue of an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, for raising a certain Sum by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1800, have been disposed of and applied.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, shewing how the Money, given for the Service of the Year 1799, has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, and the Parts remaining unsatisHed, with the estimated Surplus thereon.

Ordered, That there belaid before this House, an Account of the Debt in Exchequer Bills outstanding on the 5th of January 1800; distinguishing the different Heads, the Funds on which the same are chargeable, and the Sums remaining in the Exchequer to satisfy the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Produce of the Tax upon Income, for the Year ending 5th of 1800, as far as the fame can be made up and estimated; distinguishing the Amount in consequence of Assessments by the Commercial Commissioners.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Income of and Charges upon the Consoli- dated Fund for the Quarters ending the 5th of 5th

of July, and 10th of October 1799, and 5th of January 1800.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, shewing how the Monies raised by virtue of an A<fl of the last Session, intituled, "An Act for enabling " His Majesty to raise the Sum of Three Millions for the Uses and Pur£>oses therein mentioned," have been disposed of and applied.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House an Account of the Total Amount produced by an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid and Contribution " for the Prosecution of the War."

Ordered, That there be laid before this tloufe, an Account of the Total Amount produced by an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for granting certain additional Duties of Customs on Goods exported and imported, and on Tonnage of Ships, to the 5th of January 1800; distinguishing each Quarter.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Distribution of the Sum of . 2,500,000, granted to His Majesty, towards enabling His Majesty to defray the Extraordinary Services of the Army, for the Year 1799, paid by the Right honourable the Pay-master General of His Majesty's Forces; together with an Account of the Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid between the 25th of 1798

and the 25th of December 1799, and not provided for by Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, shewing how the Monies raised by virtue of Two Acts, passed in the present Session, intituled, "An Act " for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain " Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred," and " An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick " upon Tzveed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One " thousand Eight hundred,"'have been disposed of and applied.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of Advances to Government, by the Bank, on Land, Malt, Exchequer Bills, and other Securities, together with the Amount due for Interest, as the same flood on the 21 ft of September, October, November, and December, 1799, and 21st of January 1800; also, an Account of the Amount of Exchequer Bills, purchased by the Bank and remaining in their Possession on the 2ill of the Months before-mentioned, distinguishing each Month;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Words " January " 1800" to the End of the Question.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out Hand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of Advances to Government, by the Bank, on Land, Malt, Exchequer Bills, and other Securities, together with the Amount due for Interest, as the same Hood on the 21st of September, October, November, and December, 1799, and 21st of January 1800.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii,

Aid and Con triburion for tiic War.

Tonnagfc

Duties.

ArmyExtraor-d manes.

Application of M dt Tax, and Duty on Pen-lion , &c.

Advances by the Bank.

40 Geo. III.

22° Januarii.

Mercurii, 2 2° Januarii \

Anno 40 Georgii III''1 Re£is, 1800.

PkAVEftS.

r

Humber Ni- a PETITION of the Merchants, Underwriters, ±\. Owners, and Mailers of Ships, of the Town of Kingston-upon-Hi'.H, and others, interested in the Shipping and Trade there, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, was predated to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Navigation of the River , from the said Port of Hull to the Sea, owing to the many Sands and Shoals therein, is difficult and dangerous, and, by the Unlkilfulness of Persons who take upon them to pilot the Ships failing into and out of the said River, several Ships and Vessels, with their Crews and Cargoes, have been unfortunately wrecked and loft; and that, in bad Weather, Ships trading to and from the said Port, and such as take Shelter in the said River, are frequently obliged to leave their Anchors and Cables in the said Riven and, when such Stores are found, the said Persons acting as Pilots, and others, finding the fame, either clandestinely deprive the Owners thereof, or demand and exact extravagant Sums of Money for, and as the ^Salvage thereof; and that, by reason of the Lighters carrying for Hire, Sand or Gravel, for ballasting of Ships, and other Purposes, not being weighed and marked, the Ship Owners, and others, are, in general,

' imposed upon, by being obliged to pay for much less Weight or quantity of Ballast, and other Articles, than the real and true Weight or Quantity thereof; and that if such Persons, as are thought proper for the Employment of River Pilots, were required to undergo an Examination, in a formal and regular Manner, before some competent Body or Authority, as to their Abilities, and other Qualifications, for such a Charge, and all others restrained from acting as Pilots in the said River, and were the Rates of Pilotage specified and limited, the Government of Pilots, the Adjustment of Salvage, and the Regulation of Ballast Lighters, veiled in certain Commissioners, the same would be a Means of preserving many Lives and much Property, and of preventing the Frauds and Impositions above-mentioned, and would also be of general Utility to the Trade and Shipping of the said Port of Hull: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Samuel Thornton, Mr. John Smyth, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

East India Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

SX Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India counts, or<kr- Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijja, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Poll Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Police Taxes, Customs, the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, and Stamp Duties, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices, together with the latest Estimate of the lame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijfa, and in Benares and distinguishing the lame

under the respective Heads of Civil, Judicial, Military, Voi. 55.

and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, and the Charges of the Stamp Office, for Three Years', according to the latest Advices, together with the latest Estimate of the lame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Comparison of the Estimated and AClual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company, iivthe Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijfa, and from Benares and Oude;under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties,

Poll Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Police Taxes, Customs, the Receipts from the Sale of Salt and Opium, and the Stamp Duties for the Year 1797-8, and of the Charges defrayed by the said Company in the said Provinces, and in -nares and Oude; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, and the Charges of the Stamp Office for the same Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and at the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in The Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Poll Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs, Subsidies from the Nabob of Ar-cot, from the Rajah of Taujore, &c. and Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices, together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this HoUfe, aft Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and at the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in The Carnatic and Northern Cricars j distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices, together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Comparison of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and Settlements subordinate thereto, and in The Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Poll Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs, Subsidies from the Nabob of Arcot, Rajah of Tanjore, &c. Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, for the Year 1797-8, and of the Charges defrayed for the same Year by the said Company in the said Presidency and Settlements, and in The Carnatic and Northern Circars; distinguishing the same respectively under the several Heads of Civil and Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and collecting the Revenues and Customs.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, Customs, Farms and Licences, &c. for Three Years, according to the latest Advices, together with. the latest Estimate of the lame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East. India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto j distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices, together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Comparison of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the

P Revenues

54

2 2° Januarii.

J. 1800.

Revenues of the East Iiidia Company at. the Proficiency

of Bombay, and the Settlements inbordinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, Customs, Farms and Licences, Src. for the Year 1797-8, and of the Charges defrayed- for the same Year by the said Company in the said Presidency and Settlements; distinguishing the same fespectively under the several Heads of Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and collecting the Revenues and Customs.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the India Company for the Management of their Trade and Commerce in Bengal, at Madras, and at,

so far as the same can be distinguished from the Civil or other Charges respectively, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices, together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

Ordered, That there, be laid before this House, an Account of the Expences of the Reftdency of Fort Marlborough and its Dependencies, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices, together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Expences of the Island of Saint Helena, and the Factory of Canton, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices.

Ordered, That there.be laid before this House, Abstract Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Bengal Government, from the ill May 1798 to 30th April 1799.

Ordered, That there, be laid before this House, Abstract Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Madras Government, from ill May 1798 to 30th April 1799;

Ordered,.That there be laid before this House, Ab-stradt Estimate of the probable Resources and Disburse-ttients of the Bombay Government, from the ift- May 1798 to 30th April 1799.

Ordered, That there be.laid before this House, a general Abstract of the Estimates of the Revenues and Charges of the Presidencies of William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, from ift May 1798 to 30th April 1799.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount received at the several Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, for Sales of Import Goods and Stores, and for Certificates on the Court of Directors, within the last Three Years respectively, according to the latest Advices, together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Amount of the Bond and other Debts owing by the East India Company, at their several Presidencies in the East Indies, on 30th April 1798, the Rates of Interest which such Debts respectively carry, and the Annual Amount of such Interest.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of Debts subscribed in India, between 30th April 1797 and ift May 1798, agreeable to

Court's Orders of 23th June 1793.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Abstract Statement of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Bengal Government, from ift A lay 1797 to 30th April 1798.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Ab-straft Statement of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Madras Government, from ill May 1797 to 30 th

April 17,98.

Ordered, That there be laid before this.FIoufe, Abstract Statement of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Bombay Government, from ill May 1797 to 30th

April. 1798.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the BalaV.ce of Quick Stock, exhibiting a State, of the Company's Affairs, in respe.dl to their Jdebts and A Heir, as they. Hood at the several Presidencies of 7

Public Expea *

ClUUC.

Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, and at the

Residency of Fort Marlborough, and Factory of,

at the Conclusion of the Year 1797-8.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Prime Cost of all Cargoes purchased in India, and shipped for Europe, in the Year 1797-8; together with the Commercial Charges at each Presidency not added to the Invoices.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Annual Account, made up to the ift Day of 1799,containing the Amount of the Proceeds of the Sale of Goods and Merchandize of the Company in Great Britain, and of their Commercial and other Receipts, Charges, and Paymentsiri Gy eat Britain under the several Heads thereof; together with an Estimate of the same for the current Year, and a Statement of their Bond Debts, and Simple Con trait Debts, with the Rates of Interest they rel'pcClively carry, and the Amount of such Interest, and the State of the Cash remaining in their Treasury, and other Eft'eits appertaining to the Company in Great Britain and afloat.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Stock per Computation of the East India Company, exclusive of the Capital Stock, from the ill March 1798 to the ift March 1799.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of all Goods sold at the East India Company's Sales, from the ift March 1798 to the ift March 17 99.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- or‘

count, shewing how the Public Monies, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1799, together with the Monies paid into the same during the Year ending the 5th of jammy 1800, — and the Monies paid out of the Net Produce of the Revenues of the said Year,'in Anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt, together with the Amount of the Exchequer,

Navy, and Transport Bills, issued and not redeemed during the said Year, have been actually applied: — distinguishing the Total Amount of the Sums applied to the following Heads of Service; — ift, The Interest of the Public Funded Debt, together with the Charges of Management, the Sums applicable to its Reduction, the usual Grant for the same Purpose, and Interest for the Debt upon Imperial Loans; — ?2cUy, The Interest on Exchequer Bills; — 3dly, The Civil. Lift; — 4thly,- The other Charges on the Consolidated Fund, specifying tlue Amount of those incurred for Courts of Justice, Mint,.

Pensions, Salaries, and Allowances, and Bounties; — 51lily,-The Civil Government of Scotlandj — 6th!y, The.other

Payments in Anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt, specifying the Amount of those incurred for Pensions,

Bounties, and Militia and Deserters Warrants; — 7rhly.

The Navy, specifying the Amount of Monies respectively paid for Salaries to the Admiralty, Navy, and Navy Pay Offices, for Wages, Bounty, Flag-pay, Half-pay, and Pensions, for'Dock-yards, Building of Ships, Stores, Pilotages-, and Contingencies, for the Marines, for the Victualling, for the Sick and Wounded, for Transports, and for Prisoners of War in HealthStljly, The Ordnance, specifying the Amount of Monies paid for Services at Home and Abroad respectively; — 9'thly, The Army, specifying the Amount of Monies paid on Account of the Ordinary Services; viz.for Regulars, Fencibles, Militia, Invalids, and Volunteer Corps, for Barracks, for Staff Officers, and Officers of Garrisons, for Half-pay, for Widows Pensions, for Cheljea Hospital, for Foreign Corps, for Exchequer Fees, and for Pay of Public Offices — specifying, also, the Amount of Monies paid to the Extraordinary Services of the Army, and the principal Articles thereof; — lothly. Loans, Remittances, and Advances to other Countries, specifying the Total Amount paid to them respectively 1 ithly, Milcella-neous Services, specifying the Amount of the Monies paid for Services at Home and Abroad respectively and, lastly, specifying the Amount of any Public Monies

o

Unfunded Debt, and Demands out-standing.

ICing's Mef-sage for further Supplies, &c. 4

40 Geo. III. 22° Janu aril. 55

nies applied to other Public Services, if any, not hereinbefore enumerated.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Unfunded Debt, and Demands out-standing, on the 5th of January 1800, under the Heads of

Exchequer, Treasury, Army, Barracks, Ordnance, Navy, Civil Lilt, Advances, and any other Head of Public Service, specifying the famedistinguishing under each Hrlead respectively the Particulars of which such Debts or Demands consisted, — and also what Part of the said Debts or Demands was then provided for, and in what Manner, and what Part thereof was then unprovided for.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty: And he presented the same to the House; and it wras read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered) and is as followeth; viz:

GEORGE R.

The Supplies granted in the Commencement of the . present Session having been calculated.to provide only for the first Months of the Year, His Majesty now recommends it to the House of Commons, to make such further Provision as they may judge necessary, under tire present Circumstances, for the several Branches of the Public Service, and for the vigorous Prosecution of the War; and His Majesty has givea Directions that the proper Estimates for this Purpose should be laid before the 1-Ioufe.

His Majesty has thought proper, on this Occasion, to tlirect that there should be laid before the House, Copies of Communications recently received from the Enemy, and of the Answers which have been returned thereto, by His Majesty's Command.

His Majesty entertains the fullest Confidence that those Answers will appear to this House to have been conformable to that Line of- Conduct which was required from His Majesty on this Occasion, by His Regard to all the most important Interests of His Dominions. And His Majesty, having no Object more at Heart than that of contributing, as soon as the Situation of Affairs shall render it practicable, to the Re-establish-ment of the general Tranquillity of on a sure and

solid Foundation, and of providing effectually.for the Security and permanent Prosperity of His faithful People, places a firm Reliance on the continued Support of His Parliament, and on the Zeal and Perseverance of His Subjects, in such Measures as may belt tend to confirm the signal Advantages which have been obtained, to the common Cause, in the Course of the last Campaign, and to conduct the great Contest, i$ which His Majesty is engaged, to a l'ale and honourable Coiv dufion. ' ‘

G. R.

Ordered, That His Majesty's said Most Gracious Message be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Copy of a Letter from the Minister for Foreign Affairs in France to Lord Grenville, dated Paris, 5 Nivofe, An 8 de laRepubhque23th December 1799; and Transiation: And also.

Copy of a Letter from General Bonaparte, da.ttd Paris, 5 Nivfe, 8th Year of the Republic, 25th December 1799; and Transiation: And also,

Copy of a Letter from Lord Grenville to the Minister for Foreign Affairs at Paris, dated Downing Street, January 4th, i8co: And also.

Copy of an Official Note from Lord Grenville to the Minister for Foreign Affairs at Paris, dated Dozening Street, January 4th, 1800: And also,

VOL. 55.

Copy of a Letter from the Minister for Foreign Affairs at Paris to Lord Grenville, dated Paris, 24th Nivofe, 14th January 1800; and Transiation: And also,

Copy of an Official Note from the Minister for Foreign Affairs at Paris to Lord Grenville, dated 24th 14th January 1800; and Transiation: And also,

Copy of a Letter from Lord Grenville to the Minister for Foreign Affairs at Paris, dated January 20th, iSco: And also,

Copy of an Official Note from Lord Grenville to the Minister for Foreign Affairs at Paris, dated January 20th, 1800.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

The said Copies, of which there are Translations, are preserved amongst the other Papdrs of this Session; and the said Translations and other Papers are as followeth; viz,

TRANSLATION of a Letter from the Minister for Foreign Affairs in France to Lord

Grenville, dated 25th December 1799.

My Lord, ‘ .

I dispatch, by Order of General Bonaparte, First Con-ful of the French Republic, a Messenger to, London; he is the Bearer of a Letter from t^e First Conlul of the Republic, to His Majesty the King of England. — I re-quell you to give the necessary Orders that he may be enabled to deliver it directly into your own Hands. — This Step, in itself, announces the Importance of its Object.

Accept, my Lord, the Assurance of my highest Consideration.

(Signed) Ch. Talleyrand. Paris, 5 th Nivofe,

8th Year of the French Republic,

(December25th, 1799.)

TRANS L AT ION of a Letter from General Bonaparte, dated Paris, 23th December

799-

French Republic.

Sovereignty of the People.

Liberty, Equality 1

Bonaparte, First Consul of the Republic, to His Majesty the King of Great Britain and Ireland.

Paris, the 5th Nivofe, 8 th Year of the Repulic, (December25th, 1799.,)

Called by the Withes of the French Nation to occupy the First Magistracy of the Republic, I think it proper, on entering intp Office, to make a direct Communication of it to Your Majesty.

The War which, for Eight Years, has ravaged the Four Quarters of the World, mull it be eternal? Are there no Means of coming to an Understanding?

How can the Twp most enlightened Nations of , 'Powerful and Strong beyond what their Safety and Independence require, sacrifice to Ideas of vain Greatness, the Benefits of Commerce, internal Prosperity, and the Happihefs of Families ? How is it that they do not feel that Peace is of the first Necessity, as well as of the first Glory ? -

These Sentiments cannot be Foreign to the Heart of ‘Your Majesty, who reigns over a Free Nation, and with the foie View of rendering it happy.

Your Majesty will only fee in this Overture my sincere Desire to contribute efficaciously, for the Second Time, to a General Pacification, by a Step speedy, entirely of Confidence, and disengaged from those Forms which, necessary perhaps todifguife the Dependence of weak States, prove only, in those which are strong, the mutual Desire of deceiving each other.

France

1

56 22° Januarh. A. 1800.

France and England, by the Abuse of their Strength, perhaps unknown to those who found themselves fud-

may still for a long. Time, for the Misfortune of all Nations, retard the Period of their being exhausted. — But I will vehtUre to say it, the Fate of all civilized Nations is attached to the Termination of a War which involves the whole World.

Of Your Majesty.

(Signed) Bonaparte.

LETTER.from Lord Grenville to the Mi'-ni'&er of Foreign Affairs at Paris, dated Downing Street', January 4th, 1800.

Downing Street, January 4th, 1800.

Sir,

I have received, and laid before the King, the Two Letters which you have transmitted to me, and His Majesty seeing no Reason to depart from those Forms which have long been established in Europe for transacting Business with Foreiga States, has commanded me to return, in His Name, the Official Answer which I fend you herewith enclosed.

I have the Honour to be, with high Consideration,

Sir,

Your most obedient, humble Servant,

(Signed) Grenville.

OFFICIAL NOTE from Lord Grenville, to the Minister for Foreign Affairs at Paris, dated Downing Street, January 4th, 1800.

The King.has given frequent Proofs of His sincere Desire for the Re-establishment of secure and permanent Tranquillity in Europe. He neither is, nor has been, engaged in any Con tell for a vain and false Glory. He has had no other View than that of maintaining against. all Aggression the Rights and Happiness of His Subjects.

For these He has contended against an unprovoked Attack, and for the same Objects He is still obliged to contend; nor can He hope that this Necessity could be removed by entering, at the present Moment, into a Negotiation with those whom a fresh Resolution has so recently placed in the Exercise of Power in France, since no real Advantage can arise from such Negotiation to the great and desirable Object of General Peace, until it shalt distinctly appear that those Causes have ceased to operate, which originally produced the War, and by which it has since been protracted, and, in more than One Instance, renewed.

The same Syllem, to the Prevalence of which Fran e justiy ascribesall her present Miseries, is that which has also involved the rest of Europe in a long and destructive Warfare, of a Nature long since unknown to the Practice of civilized Nations.

For the Extension of this System, and for the Extermination of all established Governments, the Re-l'ources of France have, from Year to Year, and in the midst of the inoll unparalleled Distress, been lavished and exhausted. To this indiscriminate Spirit of De-strudion. The Netherlands, The United Provinces, the Swiss Cantons, (His Majesty's ancient Friends and Allies) have successively been sacrificed. Germany has been ravaged. Italy, though now refeued from its Invaders, has been made the Scene of unbounded Rapine and Anarchy. His Majesty has Himself been compelled to maintain an arduous and burthensome Contest, for the Independence and Existence of His Kingdoms.

Nor have these Calamities been confined to Europe alone: They have been extended to the most distant Quarters of the World, and even to Countries so remote, both in Situation and Interest, from the present Contest, that the very Exiltence of such a War was

denly involved in all its Horrors.

While such a System continues to prevail, and while the Blood and Treasure of a numerous and powerful Nation can be lavished in its Support, Experience ha?> shewn that no Defence but that of open and steady Hostility can be availing. The most solemn Treaties have only prepared the Way for fresh Aggression; and it is to a determined Resistance alone that is now due whatever remains in Europe of Stability for Property, forpersonal Liberty, for locial Order, or for the free Exercise of Religion.

For the Security, therefore, of these essential Ob jects, His Majesty cannot place His Reliance on the mere Renewal of general Profeftions of pacific Dispositions. Such Protessions have been repeatedly held out by all those Who have successively directed the Resources of France to the Destruction of; and

Whom the present Rulers have declared to have been all, from the Beginning, and uniformly, incapable of maintaining the Relations of Amity and Peace.

Greatly, indeed, will His Majesty rejoice, whenever it shall appear that the Danger to which His own Do- ' minions, and those of His Allies, have been so long exposed, has really ceased; whenever Pie shall be satisfied that the necessity of Resistance is at an End; that after the Experience of so many Years of Crimes and Miseries, better Principles have ultimately prevailed in France-, and that all the gigantic Projects of Ambition, and all the restless Schemes of Destruction, which have endangered the very Existence of civil Society, have at length been finally relinquished: But the Conviction of such a Change, however agreeable to His Majesty's Wilhes, can result only from Experience, and the Evidence of Facts.

The belt and most natural Pledge of its Reality and Permanence, would be the Restoration of that Line of Princes which for so many Centuries maintained the French Nation in Prosperity at Home, and in Consideration and Respect Abroad: Such an Event would at once have removed, and will at any Time remove, all Ob-ftacles in the Way of Negotiation or Peace. It would confirm to France the unmolested Enjoyment of its ancient Territory -, and it would give to all the other Nations of Europe, in Tranquillity and Peace, that Security which they are now compelled to seek by other Means.

But, desirable as such an Event must be, both to France and to the World, it is not to this Mode executively that His Majesty limits the Possibility of secure and solid Pacification. ' His Majesty makes no Claim to prescribe to France what shall be the Form of her Government, or in whose Hands (he shall vest tire Authority necessary for conducting the Affairs of a great and powerful Nation.

His Majesty looki only to the Security of His own Dominions, and those of His Allies, and to the general Safety of Europe. Whenever He shall judge that such Security can in any Manner be attained, as resulting either from the internal Situation of that Country, from whose internal Situation the Danger has arisen, or from such other Circumstances of whatever Nature as may produce the same End, His Majesty will eagerly embrace the Opportunity to concert with His Allies the Means of immediate and general Pacification.

Unhappily no such Security hitherto exists: No sufficient Evidence of the Principles by which the new Government will be directed} no reasonable Ground by which to judge of its Stability. In this Situation it can for the present only remain for His Majesty to put-sue, in Conjunction with other Powers, those Exertions of just and defensive War, which His Regard to the Happiness of His Subjects will never permit Him, either to continue beyond the Necessity in which they originated, or to terminate on any other Grounds, than such as may belt contribute to the secure Enjoy-6 ment

40 Geo. III. 2 2° Januarii. 57

inent of their Tranquillity, theif Constitution, iffid their Independence.

(Signed) Grenville.

Downing Street,

January 4th, 1800.

To the Minister for Foreign Affairs;

&c. &c. &c. at Paris.

TRANSLATION bf a Letter Irani Minister for Foreign Affairs at Paris, to Lord Grenville', dated P24th Nivofe (14th January iSooi

Paris, 24th Nivofe, 8 th Tear.

(.14th, 1800.)

My Lord *

I loft no Time in laying before the First Consul of the Republic, the Official Note under Date of the 14th Nivofe, which you transmitted to me; and I am charged to forward the Answer (equally Official) which you will find annexed.

Receive, my Lord, the Assurance of my high Consideration.

(Signed) CL Maw. Talleyrand.

To the Minister for Foreign Affairs, at London.

TRAN SLAT ION of the Official Note from the Minister for Foreign Affairs, at Paris, to Lord Grenville, dated 24th Nivofe (

14th, 1800.)

The Official Note, under Date of the 14th Ni-isofe, the Eighth Year, addressed by the Minister of His Britannick Majesty, having been laid before the First Consul of the French Republic, he observed with Surprize, that it rested upon an Opinion which is not exact, respecting the Origin and Consequences of the present War. Very far from its being France which provoked it, (he had, it must be remembered, from the Commencement of her Resolution, solemnly proclaimed her Love of Peace, her Disinclination to Conquests, her Respect for the Independence of all Governments, and it is not to be doubted, that, occupied at that Time, and entirely with her own internal Affairs, Ihe would have avoided taking Part in those of Europe, and would have remained faithful to her Declarations.

But, from an opposite Disposition, as soon as the French Resolution had broken out, almost all Europe entered into a League for its Destruction. The Aggression was real, long Time before it was public; internal Resistance was excited, its Opponents were favourabjy received, their extravagant Declamations were supported, the French Nation was insulted in the Person of its Agents, and England set particularly this Example, by the Dismissal of the Minister accredited to her j finally, France was, in Fast, attacked in her Independence, in her Honour, and in her Safety, long Time before the War was declared.

Thus it is to the Projects of Subjection, Dissolution, and Dismemberment, which were prepared against her, and the Execution of which was several Times attempted and pursued, that France has a Right to impute the Evils which (he has differed, and those which have afflicted Europe. Such Projects for a long Time, without Example with respect to so powerful a Nation, could hot foil to bring on the most fatal Consequences. Affailed on all Sides, the Republic could not but extend universally the Efforts of her Defence; and it is only for the Maintenance of her own Independence, that (lie has made use of those Means which (he possessed in her

Voi.. 55.

own Strength, and the Courage of her Citizens. As long as (he saw that her Enemies obstinately refused to recognize her Rights, (lie counted only upon the Energy of her Resistance; but as soon as they were obliged to abandon the Hope of Invasion, (he fought for Means of Conciliation, and manifested pacific Intentions and if these have not always been efficacious, if, in the Midst of the critical Circumstances of her internal Situation, which the Resolution and the War have successively brought on, the former Depositaries of the Executive Authority in France have not always shewn as much Moderation as the Nation ittelf has shewn Courage, it must, above all, be imputed to the fatal and persevering Animosity with which the Resources of England have been lavished to accompliffi the Ruin of France.

But, if the Wifties of His Britannick Majesty (in Conformity with His A durances) are in Unison with those of the' French Republic, for the Re-establish-ment of Peace, why, instead of attempting the Apology of the War, should not Attention be rather paid to the Means of terminating it ? And what Obstacle can prevent a mutual Understanding, of which the Utility is reciprocal, and is felt; especially when the First Consul of the French Republic has personally given so many Proofs of his Eagerness to put an End- to the Calamities of War, and of his Disposition to maintain the rigid Observance of all Treaties concluded.

The First Consul of the French Republic would not doubt that His Britannick Majesty recognized the Right of Nations to choose the Form of their Government, since it is from the Exercise of this Right that He holds His Crown but He has been unable to comprehend how to this fundamental Principle, upon which re Its the Bx-istence of political Societies, the Minister of His Britannick Majesty could annex Insinuations which tend to art Interference in the internal Affairs of the Republic, and which are not less injurious to the French Nation, and to its Government, than it would be to England and to His Majesty, if a Sort of Invitation were heid out in Favour of that Republican Government, of which England adopted the Forms in the Middle of the last Century, or an Exhortation to recall to the Throne that Family whom their Birth had placed there, and whom a Resolution compelled to defeend from it.

If, at Periods not far distant, and when the Constitutional System of the Republic presented neither the Strength nor the Solidity which it contains at present. His Britannick Majesty thought Himself enabled to invite a Negotiation and pacific Conferences, how is it possible that He should not be eager to renew Negotiations to which the present and reciprocal Situation'of Affairs promises a rapid Progress. On every Side, the Voice of Nations and of Humanity implores the Con-elusion of a War, marked already by such great Calamities, and the Prolongation of which threatens Europe an universal Convulsion, and irremediable Evils. It is, therefore, to put a Stop to the Course of thele Calamities, or in order that their terrible Consequences may be reproached to those only who shall have provoked them, that the First Consul of the French Republic proposes to put an immediate End to Hostilities, by agreeing to a Suspension of Arms, and naming Plenipotentiaries on each Side, who should repair to Dunkirk, or any other Town as advantageously situated for the Quickness of the respective Communications, and who should apply themselves, without any Delay, to effect the Re-establish-ment of Peace and good Understanding between the French Republic and England. The First Coniul offers to give the Passports which may be necessary for this Purpose.

(Signed) Ch. Man. Talleyrand.

Paris, the 24th Nivofe,

(14th January 1800)

8th Year of the French Republic,

Q LETTER

58

2 2° Januarii.

A. 1800.

LETTER from Lord Grenville to the Minister for Foreign Affairs at dated January 20th, 1 800.

Sir,

Downing Street, Jamary aotli, 1800.

I have the Honour to indole to you the Answer which His Majesty has directed me to return to the Official Note which you transmitted to me.

I have the Honor to be.

With high Consideration,

Sir,

Your most obedient humble Servant,

(Signed)

To the Minister for Foreign Affairs, &c. &c. 8cc. at Paris.

Grenville.

OFFICIAL NOTE from Lord Grenville to the Minister for Foreign Affairs, at , dated January 20th, 1800.

The Official Note transmitted by the Minister for Foreign Affairs in France, and received by the underfilled on the 18th Infiant, has been laid before the King.

His Majesty cannot forbear expressing the Concern with which he observes in that Note that the unprovoked Aggrdfions of France, the foie Cause and Origin of the War, are systematically defended by her present Rulers, 'under the same injurious Pretences by which they were originally attempted to be disguised. His Majesty will not enter into the Refutation of Allegations now uni-verfally exploded, and (in lb far as they respect His Majesty's Conduct) not only in themselves utterly groundless,.but contradicted both by the internal Evidence of the Transactions to which they relate, and also by the express Testimpny (given at the Time) of the Govern-tnent of France itself.

With respect to the Object of the Note, His Majesty can only refer to the Answer which He has already given.

He. his explained, without Reserve, the Obstades which in His Judgment preclude, at the present Moment, all Hope of Advantage from Negotiation. All the Inducements to treat which are relied upon in the French Official Note; the Personal Dispositions which are said to prevail for the Conclusion of Peace, and for the future Observance of Treaties; the Tower of insuring the Effect of those Dispositions, supposing them to exist; and the Solidity and Consistency of the System newly established after so rapid a Succession of Resolutions: — All these, are Points which can be known only from that Test to which His Majesty has already referred them; the Rel'ult of Experience, and the Evidence of Fads.

With that Sincerity and Plainness which His Anxiety for the Re-establishment of Peace indispensably required, His Majesty has pointed out to France the surest and speediest Means for the Attainment of that great Object. But He has declared, in Terms equally explicit, and with the same Sincerity, that He entertains no Desire to prescribe to a Foreign Nation the Form of its Government; that he looks«only to the Security of His own Dominions, and of Europe; and that, whenever that essential Object can in His Judgment be in any Manner whatever sufficiently provided for, He will eagerly concert with His Allies the Means of immediate and joint Negotiation for the Re-establishment of general Tran-, quillity.

To these Declarations His Majesty steadily adheres; and it is only on the Grounds thus stated, that His Regard to the Safety of His Subjects will fuller Him to renounce that System of vigorous Defence, to which,

3 *

II5 *

under the Favour of Providence, His Kingdoms owe the Security of those Blessings which they now enjoy.

(Signed), Grenville.

Downing Street,

January 20th, 1800.

To the Minister for Foreign Affairs, at Paris.

Ordered, That the said Papers be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next, at the same Time that His Majesty's said most gracious Message is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. Motion forth That this House be called over upon this Day Fort-night, the 5th Day of February next; ^Ncg?" *

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth,

MenfbrtheYea,^

TCcrs for the No *

So it passed in the Negative.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the King'iMel -House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty: And he preferred ot Rutiian the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker TlooP *

(all the Members of the House being uncovered); and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty thinks proper to acquaint the House of Commons, that a Body of Auxiliary Russian Troops, employed with His Majesty's Forces in the Expedition to Holland, having necessarily been brought to these Kingdoms at the Close of the Campaign, and the Season of the Year, and other Circumstances, not having admitted of their being sent back to the Dominions of the Emperor of Russia, His Majesty has taken Measures, agreeably to Treaty, for their being' stationed, during the Winter, in His Majesty's Dominions; and that His Majesty has accordingly directed proper Accommodations to be provided for them in the Hands of and Jerjes.

G. R.'

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to AdJrcfs there. His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this uP)n *

House for the gracious Communication contained in His Majesty's said Message.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for better regulating the Afli/.e and " making of Bread," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to consider of Means for rendering the Provisions of the said Act more effectual:

And a Committee was appointed of the Lord Hazvkef-bur y, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Mayor oi London, Mr. Baker, Mr. John Fane, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Buxton, Mr. Dickinson, Sir John William Sir

William Young, Mr. Morton Pitt, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Pelham, the Lord Sheffield: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

2 Ordered,

Committee rt the Aiiize of Bread,

c.

Accounts ordered.

Further Proceedings of the Treasury on Finance Reports.

D° of the Admiralty.

Blokhtra Inclosure Petition.

Letcester tnd

Narborough, &c. Roads Petition-

40 Geo. III. 22 — 27° Jatmarii. 59

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an His present Majesty, to explain, amend, and render Account of the further Proceedings of the Lords Com- more effectual, the said Act, so far as the same related to missioners of His Majesty's Treasury, respecting the the said First District; and that the Trustees, appointed Matters stated in the Reports of the Committee of Fi- in or by virtue of the said Acts for the said First District, nance, upon the Offices concerned in the Receipt and have proceeded in the Execution of the Powers thereby Expenditure of the Public Money; — in'Addition to thd Vetted in them, and have borrowed several considerable Papers presented to this House on the 12th of January Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized and 19th of February 1798, and the 18th of June 1799. to be taken in that District; and that the Money (o Oidered, That there be laid before this House, an borrowed cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads properly Account of the further Proceedings of the Lords Com- amended and kept in Repair, unlcts the Term of the missioners of the Admiralty, respecting the Matters said Acts, with respect to the said District, is continued, stated in the Reports of the Committee on Finance, so and the Tolls varied and increased; and that the Powers far as they relate to the Naval Departments in Addi- and Provisions of the said Acts being found in many Re-tion to the papers presented to this House on the 4th of speds defective, It would be more convenient to the October 1799. Trustees, and beneficial to the said District, if the said

Acts, so far as the same relate thereto, were repealed, and And then the House adjourned till Monday Morn- further and other Powers granted instead thereof: And ing next, Ten of the Clock. therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a

Bill for more enedually repairing, widening;, and improving, the said Roads from Leicester to and from Leicester to , in such Manner, and under

such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.-

Orde, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Hobhouse, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power

A PETITION of the several Owners and Pro- to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

prietors of Lands, within the Par'flh of Bloxham,

in the County of Oxford, whose Names are thereunto A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are l.«cefterard subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Set- thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Exe- Road ting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, certain cution Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of Petit«m. Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common the Reign of his late Majesty King the Second,

Meadows, and Commonable Lands, which, in their pre- and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present sent Situation, are incapable of any considerable Im- Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Borough of provementj and that it would tend to the Advantage Leicesterin the County of Leicester, to the Town of of the Persons interested therein, to have the same di- Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the said County, was presented to vided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted, the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees, according to their respective Rights and Interests: And appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, have-pro-therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in ceeded in the Execution of the Powers thereby vested a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open in them, and have borrowed several considerable Sums and Common Fields; Common Pastures, Common Mea- of Money on the Credit of the Tolls, which Money is dows, and Commonable Lands, in such Manner, and un- still owing, and the same cannot be repaid, nor the said der such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet. Road be properly amended, and kept in Repair, unless Ordered, That Leave be given ta bring in a Bill, pur- the Term of the said Acts is continued, anti the Powers suant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Mr. and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls John Fane and Lord Charles Spencer do prepare, and varied and increased: And therefore praying, That Leave bring in, the fame. may be given to bring ip a Bill for continuing the Term,.

and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Acts,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Exe- the House shall seem meet.

cution Two Acts, passed in tire Twenty-seventh Year of Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the the Reign of his late Majesty King Georgette Second, Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-and in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it jesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein shall appear to them, to the House: mentioned, so far as the same relate to the Road from And it is referred to Mr. IVigley, Sir Edmund Cradock the Borough of Leicester to the Town of Narborough, and llartopp, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn-from Leicester to Hinckley, in the County of Leicester, ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re-That an Act was passed, in the Twenty-seventh Year of cords, the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Leicester to Narborough, and from A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Loc)dnginci0. Leicester to Coventry, and from thence t hrough Kenil- thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, fare Petitim. worth to Warwick, and from thence to Halford Bridge, Owners of Estates within the Manor and Parish of

and from Warwickto Stratford upon Avon, and from Locking, in the County of Somerset, was presented to

Coventry to Martin's Gutter, leading towards Stoneleighthe House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, with *

Town, and for supplying an Omission in an Act for re- in the said Manor and Parish, a certain Moor, Compairing the Road from Leicester to Ashby-de-la-Zcuch, in mon, or Waste Land, commonly called Locking Moor, the County of Leicester, whereby the said Roads are di- and also several other Open uninclosed Waste or Com-vided into several Districts, and separate Trustees ap- mon Lands, containing together, by Estimation, 161 pointed for the Care of each, the Road from the Borough Acres, or thereabouts, upon which the Petitioners, and of Leicester to the Town of Narborough, and from others, are entitled to Right of Common; and that'

Leicester to Hinckley, being the First District; and that it would be not only of great Benefit and Advantage an Act was passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of to the several Persons interested therein, if the same Vo l.55. were

Lunes, 2 70 die 'Januarii;

Auno 40° Georgii IlItU Regis, 1800. Prayer s.

6Q 27° A. 1800.

Were divided, allotted, and inclosed, but of Public Tolls j and that; after defraying the Annual Expence Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be of keeping the Road in Repair, and discharging the Ingiven to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and interest due to the Creditors on the Sums borrowed, no doting, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, Surplus has remained to discharge the said Debt; and

and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the that, without a further Continuance of the Term; and House shall seem meet. a further enlarging of the Powers, of the said Acts, the Pe-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- titioners have no Means of keeping the said. Turnpike suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Road in Repair, or paying off the Principal Money and Bragge and Mr. Hiley Addington do prepare, and bring Interest due to the Creditors: And therefore praying; in, the fame. "That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for further

continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of the Skelmintljorpe A Petition of several of the Owners of Estates within said Acts, and for making such further Provisions and ition.furePe the Manor of Skelmanthorpe, in the Parishes of High Regulations, for carrying the said Acts into Execution;

Hoyland and Em/ey, in the West Riding of the County as shall be deemed expedient; and that the Petitioners of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting may have such further Relief as to the House shall fecnl forth. That within the said Manor are several Parcels of meet.

Common, Moor, or Waste Ground, in and over which ', That the said Petition be referred to the

the Petitioners, and others, are entitled to certain Rights Confederation of a Committee; and that they do exa-and Interests; and that the said Lands and Grounds, mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it in their present State, are not capable of being properly shall appear to them, to the House: cultivated and improved, but, it the same were divided And it is referred to Mr. E/ford, Sir and allotted among the several Parties interested, and &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at such Allotments inclosed, they might be rendered much Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber j and more valuable: And therefore praying. That Leave have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting,

and inclosing, the said several Parcels of Common, Moor, A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names or Waste Ground, in such Manner, and subject to such are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves Regulations, as the House shall think proper. and others. Owners of Estates in the Parish of

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- , in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to

suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. the House and read j Setting forth, That there are Beaumont and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, within the said Parish several Open and Common Fields, the lame: Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds,

containing, by Estimation, 1,200 Acres, or thereabouts; Denby Tnelo- A Petition of several of the Owners of Estates within and that the several Properties of the Owners of the fare Petition, ^e Manor of Denby, otherwise Denby with Clayton West, said Common and Open Fields and Meadows lie very in the Parishes of Penistone and High Hoyland, in the much intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, so as West Riding of the County of York, was presented to to render the Cultivation thereof very inconvenient, the House, and read; Setting forth. That within the but if the fame, together with the said other Corn-laid Manor are several Commons, Moors, or Waste monable Lands and Waste Grounds, were divided and Grounds, and an Open Common Field, or Mefhe In- allotted unto and amongst the several Persons interested closure, in and over which the Petitioners and others therein, according to their several and respective Rights are entitled to Certain Rights and Interests; and that and Interests, and such Allotments inclosed, they would the said Lands and Grounds, in their present State, are be rendered of much greater Value, and might be much not capable of being properly cultivated and improved, improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be but, if the same were divided and allotted amongst the given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-several Parties interested, and such Allotments inclosed, closing, the said Lands and Grounds} in such Manner, they might be rendered much more valuable: And and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in House shall seem meet.

a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and subject to suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord such Regulations, as the House shall think proper. Viscount and Lord Frederick Montagu do

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- prepare, and bring in, the fame, suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Beaumont and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are the lame. thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two

Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of Klip inelofure Mr. Dtckins presented to the House, according to his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Six-Biil, present- Qr(yerj a gjj for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the teenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of East Side of Lincoln Heath to the City of Peterborough,

in the County of Northampton: And the same was re- and from the East End of Mar ham Lane to the Town ceived; and read the First Time. of Walton, in the County of Northampton, and from

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. the Town of Bourn to the Town of Colfterworth, and from Donington High Bridge to the Cross Post in the fcrtnt Bridge A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Parish of Hacconby, and from the East End of a Lane, oad Petition, thereur der-signed, was presented to the House, and called Hale Drove, to and through the Town of Old read j Settingforth, That the Petitioners were appoint- Sleaford, to the End of Long Hedge, in the Parish of td to put in Execution Two Acts, made in the Thirty- Quarrington, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the House, and read; Setting forth. That a confi ler-the Second, and the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of able Progress hath been made in amending the said

His present Majesty, for repairing the High Road, lead- Roads, and a large Sum of Money hath been borrowed

ing from Brent Bridge, in the County of Devon, to on the Credit of the Tolls, which still remains due j Gajking Gate, m or near the Borough of Plymouth, in and that the said Debt cannot be paid off, and the said the said County; and that, in pursuance of the Trusts Roads effectually amended, widened, and kept in Re-reposed in them by the said Acts, it became necessary to pair, unless the Term of the said Acts be continued, the borrow the Sum of £-6,700 upon the Credit of the Powers thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls

y' thereby

Bvthornlnck Cure Petition.

Lincoln Healb and Peterborough Roads Petition.

Spalding Road *

Petition.

Tilbrooke Inclosure Bill, presented.

Further Proceedings of the Admiralty on the Finance Keports, presented.

Vi A u ailing Oflice.

40 Geo. III. 27 ° Januarli. 61

thereby granted increased: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid; in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Mr. , &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Trustees for executing Two several Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Spalding High Bridge, through Liltleworth, and by Frog nail, and over James Deeping Stone Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Maxey gang, in the County of Northampton, adjoining to the High Road there, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth, That the Trustees, appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and have, for. that Purpose, borrowed several considerable Sums of Money, on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken on the said Roads, which Money, together with the said Tolls, have been duly applied, according to the Directions of the said Acts; and that the Money so borrowed cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads properly amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be continued, and several of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and amended, and some further Tolls granted: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of the said Acts; in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Mr. Vyner, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, 'at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Saint John presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of 37/-brooke, in the County of Bedford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Nepean presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copy of Further Proceedings of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, reflecting the Matters dated in the Reports of the Select Committee of Finance, so far as they relate to the Naval Departments; being a Report of the said Lords Commissioners to the Lords of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, relating to the Office of the Commissioners for Victualling H is Majesty's Navy: Together with.

Copy of the Return made by the Victualling Board, on the 13th of April 1798, to the Precept from the said Select Committee of Finance, dated the 12th of March 1798, respecting the Adoption of the several Measures recommended by the Commissioners of Inquiry in their Eighth Report upon the Victualling Office.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Vol. 55.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House;

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Seffiom

Mr. Long presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account, shewing how the Monies raised by virtue of an Act, passed in the present Session, for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1800, have been diljposed of and applied: And also.

An Account, shewing how the Monies raised by virtfie of an Act of the last Session, intituled, "An Act for " enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Three Millions for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned," have been disposed of and applied: And also,

An Account, shewing how much of the Monies raised by virtue of an Act of the last Session, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of " Three Millions for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned," have been disposed of and applied to Naval Services: And also,

An Account of the Distribution of the Sum of £.1,707,027. ir. 4 d.being Part of the Sum of £, 3,000,000, raised by an Act in the last Session, and granted to His Majesty.; to enable His Majesty to enter into such further Engagements, and to take such Measures, as may be best adapted to the Exigency of Affairs, paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces: And also,

An Account, shewing how the Monies raised by virtue of Two Acts, passed in the present Session, intituled, "An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty " certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, " for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred," and " An Act for continuing and granting to " His Majesty a Duty on Petitions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of " Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, " Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the " Year One thousand Eight hundred," have been disposed of and applied.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two several Acts, made and past'cd in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the' Repair of several Roads therein described, in the County of Somerset, so far as the said Acts relate to the Ivelchester Turnpike Roads, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees, appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and have made great Progress in repairing and improving the said Ivelchester Roads; and that they have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected on the said Roads, which Money has been duly applied, according to the Directions of the said Acts; and that the Money so borrowed cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads be properly repaired and maintained, unless a new Term be granted, and some of the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts altered and amended; and that it would be a great Convenience to the Trustees for the Care of the said Roads, if the said Two former Acts, so far as the same relate thereto, were repealed, and all the Powers and Author!-

R ties

Accounts presented.

Application of Exchequer Bills.

Yott of Credit *

T>\

Application of Malt Tax, and Duty on Pen lions, &c.

Ivelchester Roads Petition.

Wt

62

27° — 28° Januarii.

A. 1800.

‘ ties necessary to be granted or continued for repairing the said Roads, and paying the Money so due, were contained in One Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, and for repealing the said Two former Acts, so far as the same concern the said Roads, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it '( shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Gore

ton, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and havePower to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Prohibited East India. Goods *

D.

Consideration of King's Message, &c. deferred.

D.

The Orders of the Day being read, for taking into, Consideration His Majesty's Most Gracious Message of Wednesday last; and also, the several Papers which were that Day presented to the House by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty's Command;

Ordered, That His Majesty's said Most Gracious Mef-sage, and also the said Papers, be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Naval Stores from Russia.

D®.

Whale Ships.

Accounts presented.

Prohibited Fa ft India Goods.

Mart is, 28° di Januarii;

Anno 40 Georgii IIIUi Regis, 1800. Prayers.

THE House being informed, that some of the Commissioners of the Customs attended at the Door, they were called in; and at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of Prohibited India Goods imported into the Warehouses in New Street, and Saint Helen, for Coast, Surat, and Private Trade Goods, in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1798 to Michaelmas 1799, what delivered for Exportation during that Period, and what remained in the said Warehouses at Michaelmas 1799, as per Accounts: And also.

An Account of Prohibited East India Goods imported into the Bengal Warehouse in New,

Street, in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1798 to Michaelmas 1799, also what exported during that Time, and what remained in the said Warehouse at Michaelmas 1799: And also,

An Account of Prohibited East India Goods remaining in His Majesty's Warehouse in the Port of London at Michaelmas 1798, what have been since brought in, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1799, and what exported: And also,

An Account of East India Goods, Prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, in the respective Warehouses in the Out Ports, at Michaelmas 1798, what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1799: And also,

An Account of Prohibited East India Goods, which remained out of the Bengal and Coast Warehouses, in Neiv Street, Bishopsgate Street, Private Trade Warehouses, and the Custom House in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1798, in Order to be Dyed, Glazed, and Refreshed, what have been since delivered out, what returned, and what remained out at Michaelmas 1799:

And also, *

An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1798 to Michaelmas 1799: And also,

An Account of Naval Stores imported from into the Ports of England, commonly called The Out Ports, from Michaelmas 1798 to Michaelmas 1799:

And also,

An Account of the Number of Ships which have been employed in the Whalfe Fishery to Davis's Streighis and the Greetdand Seas, distinguishing their Names,

Tonnage, Ports from whence they were fitted out, Ports where they were discharged, and also the Quantity of Blubber imported in each Ship in the Year 1799: And also,

A Lift of all Persons who were employed in the Service of the Customs, and have been put upon the Superannuation Fund since the ift December 1798, the Day on which the last Lift was submitted.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Lift were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Lift are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Steele presented to the House, pursuant to their Order.

An Account of the Distribution of the Sum of traoriiinari , £. 2,500,000, granted to His Majesty, towards enabling pretnte His Majesty to defray the Extraordinary Services of the Army, for the Year 1799, paid by the Right Honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces; together with an Account of the Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid between the 25th of December 1798 and the 25th of December 1799, and not provided for by Parliament.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Lift of Persons in the Customs pul upon the Superannuation Fund.

Account of Army Ex-

An

40 Geo. III. 28° Jamarii. 63

An ACCQUNT of the Distribution of the Sum of £. 4,500,000, granted to His Majesty, towards Enabling His Majesty to defray the Extraordinary Services of the Army for the Year 1799 $ paid by the Right Honour able the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces: Together with, an Account of the Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid bee ween the 45th of Dumber 1798 and the 45th of December 1799, and not provided for by Parliament.

Dates of Payments.

1799. January 16th.

31st.

March 16th. May cjd.

June nth.

July 15 th. Novmber 20ih.

To John Mitford, Esq for Provisions delivered from the Northumberland

Ea/l India Ship, for the Use of the Troops at The Cape of Good

Hope

To Messrs. J. and A- Atkins, for D®, delivered from the East India Ships, Deptford and Warren , to D®

Troops, and for the Value of a Long Boat To D°, for D° delivered from the East India Ship Exeter, to D° Troops -

To Mrs. E. Pickstone, for Provisions laid up in Store in Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney -To Captain Welsford, for 50 Spanish Dollars expended

by him in furmshing Provisions to some Troops at the Tower of St. Vincenzo, on the Coast of -

To Joseph Dorin, for Provisions supplied from the East India Ship Bombay Castle, to the Troops at The Cape of Good Hope ——

To Mrs. Pickftone, for Provisions laid up in Store in Jersey,

Guernsey, and Alderney ——

To Messrs. Hartjhorne and Tremaine, for Flour, delivered at Halifax in Nova Scotia -

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Commissary Glasfurd, from the Leeward Islands, for Public Services -To D°, drawn by Commissary Jones, from D°, for D® -To D°, drawn by Commissary from St.

Domingo, for D® -To D°, drawn by Earl Balcarres, from Jamaica, for D° -To D®, drawn by Commissary General Erskine, from Portugal and the Mediterranean, for D® -To D°, drawn by Lieutenant Governor Sir Hew rymple, from Guernsey, for. D° -

To D°, drawn by General Gordon, from Jersey, for D°

To D°, drawn by Captain D'Afrom D°, for D° To D°, drawn by Governor Le Mefurier, from Alderney, forD® -

To D°, drawn by John Robinson, Acting Deputy Paymaster, from New Brunswick, for D° -To D°, drawn by Lieutenant Governor Carleton, from -D®, for D° - -

To D % drawn by Lieutenant Governor Sir John Wentworth, from Halifax, for D® -

To D°, drawn by Alexander Brymer, Acting Deputy Paymaster, from D", for D° - -

To D®, drawn by George Leonard, Superintendant of Fisheries, from D®, for D° - -

To D®, drawn by Commissary ,from Newfound-

land, for D° -To D°, drawn by Admiral Waldegrave, from D°> for D' To D°, drawn by President Russell, from Upper Canada, for D

To D°, drawn by Lieutenant Governor Fanning, from St. John's, for D To D°, drawn by President Robley, from Tobago, for D° -To D°, drawn by President Ottley, from St. for

D

To D°, drawn by Governor Bentinck, from D , for D" -To D®, drawn by Governor Ric, from. Barbadoes, for

D".....-

To D°, drawn by Governor from the Bahamas, for D° - .

To D°, drawn by' Governor Keppel, from Martinique, for D

£177 —

409 9

142 6

1,482 16 1

II I 3 4

263 11 6

1,482 16 1

2,611 4 9

623,286 __ 7

3>°7o —

5 ^57 18 — '

91,014 !9 7

114>211 6 11

4,075 13 9

7,426 17 2

16,200 —

965 8 11

376 % — 8

c» ro O 16 —

5,33 8 2 —

21,859 8 10

500 — —

3,239 1 9

1,091 9 2

! 6,804 15 11

75 4 11

9 5 —

883 5 5

2,333 6 4

191 7 3

' 20,173 — 6

5>44i 8 3

VOL. 55.

£ /» d %

r9

64

28° Januarii.

A. 1800.

Dates of Payments.

1799.

March 13th.

May 22d.

January 9th. 14th.

661

1,414

634

8,367

33

1,080

9>9°7

12

13 13

7

6

5

2

3

1

5

1

xo

1 10

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by President from

St. Kitts, for Public Services - - - - 807 18 —

To D°, drawn by Governor 'Johnstone, from for

D°....

To D°, drawn by Governor Green, from , for D° -To D°, drawn by PresidentTunirr, from , for D0 -

To D4, drawn by Governor Beckwith, from D°, for D4 -To D°, drawn by Preside nt Mathews, from Cape Breton -T0D4, drawn by General O'Hara, from Gibraltar, for D° -To D°, drawn by Henry Couper, Deputy Inspector General of Foreign Corps, on Account of the late General Nesbitt, for P4 -

To D°, drawn by Sir Ralph Abercromby, Commander in

Chief jn North Britain, for D° - - - 452 5 7

To D°, drawn by M.-D'Hotman, on Account of 7

Emigrants - -- -- - 400 — —

To D°, drawn by Edward Stanley, Consul at Triejle, for Public Services - ----- - 369 10 —

To D°, drawn by the Earl of Clanricard Commander in Chief in North Britain, for D° - - - - 117

ToD4, drawn by Robert Walpole, Envoy at Liston, for D4 - 1,286

To D°, drawn by Captain Oiway, on Account of Toulone/e Emigrants - - - - 4,500 — —

To D", drawn by the Honourable William Wyndham,

Envoy at Florence, for I ublic Services- -- - 2,400 — - —

To D°, drawn by Lord William Bentinck, for D° - - 1,600 — —

To D4, drawn by Sir William Hamilton, Envoy at Naples,

for D° - ----- - 9,352 ——

To D4, dfawn by the Honourable- Alexander Murray, late

Agent at ‘Turks Island, for D° - - 648 — —

To D", drawn by Colonel Charles Craufurd, on Account of the CondeArmy - 9,765 — —

To D°, drawn by Lord Ev. J. Stuart, Lieutenant Governor of Fort George, for Public Services - - - 1,602 16 5

To D4, drawn by T. Chandler, Commissary at Constantinople, for D° ' ' - 500 — —

To D', dr.iwn by Lord Mulgrave, for D° - - - 822 12 —

To: D", drawn by the Earl of Dunmore, late Governor of

the Bahamas, for D4 - - - - 4,649 6 1

f9

17

8

3

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by General O'Hara, for sundry special Contingent Services of the Garrison of Gibraltar - - - - .

To D°, drawn by Mr. Sweetland, Acting Deputy Paymaster, at Gibraltar, for Extra Expences of the Forces in that Garrison - -; -

To D°, drawn by Mr. Ross, for D°, of D°, at The Cape of Good Hope To D°, drawn by Mr. Robinson, at New Brunswick -To Caih paid by Mr. Brymer, Atting Deputy Paymaster, in Nova Scotia, for the Extra Expences- of the Army in that Province, for One Quarter, to 24th March 1799 - ~ 11,651 19 6

To D°, paid by D°, for D4, to 24th June 1799 " " 9>58o 16 3

To D°, paid by D4, for Du, to 24th Septe 1799 . - 10,974 14 3

To Dft; paid by Mr. Winjlow, A£Hng Deputy Paymaster in Canada, for the Extra Expences of the Army in that Province, for One Quarter to 24th September 1798 - - - 22,6S2

To D°, paid by D°, for D°, to 24th December 1798 - 32>°3!

To D°, paid by D", for D4, to 24th March 1799 ' 16,127

To D?, paid' Mr John Hale, Deputy Paymaster in Canada, for D", to 24th September 1799 ~ "

7

12

18

9

6

21,222 19 4

£. s. d.

1,059,312 9 9

- 10,965 9 4

9,400 —

fc°, 33 7

4,680 15

2

1

32,207 10 —

To William Merry, Esq; for His Majesty's Proportion of 1,486 { Chaldrons of Coals, delivered at Gibraltar, for the Use of that Garrison - - - - ' 2,304 1 6

To D", for additional Duties, Freight, and Insurance onD4 - - - - 3,823 18 5

To the Earl of Clanricarde, for the Expences of keeping a Public Table whilst Commander in Chief in the Mediterranean - 1,558 11 —

To Baron Hompefcb, as an Indemnification for the Advantages he relinquished in quitting the Service to

raise a Regiment for Great Britain - 3,000 — —

92,064 17 9

6,127 19 11

To

40 Geo. III.

28° Januarii.

65

Dates of Payments,

1799. January 17th.

18th.

19th. 2 id.

28th. February 2d. 7 th.

8th. 12th.

14th.

15th.

March 9th. nth. 16 th.

April 8th.

May 7 th.

25th.

28th. June 8th. 13 th

To William Mitford, Esq; in Reimbursement of the like Sum advanced to Captain. Gifford, for bringing Intelligence of the Redu<51ion of Minorca -To Lieutenant John Pritchard, as a Compensation for the Services he rendered to the Army under the Command of the Duke of Fork. -

For the Accommodation at the Captain's Table of sundry Subaltern Officers, during their Voyage to India To Lieutenant Colonel Bell, for bringing home Dispatches , from Mr. G. Irving, and the Insignia of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, worn by the late Sir John Vaughan -

To Captain J. Drew, for bringing Dispatches from Sir Ralph Abercromby, containing an Account of the Surrender of Trinidada ——

To Major Edward Baynes, for bringing Dispatches from Major General Craig, containing an Account of the Capture of the Dutch Fleet in Saldannah Bay To Messrs. Cox and C , to be paid over for the Benefit of T woOrphan Children of Archibald Knox, deceased, late a Private in the 9th Regiment of Foot, for Labour performed at Saint Lucia - -

To General O'Hara, for the Extra Contingent Expences of the Regiments at Gibraltarfrom ift January to 30th June 1797 -

To W. Chinnery, Esq; to be paid over to the Holder of a Bill drawn by W Houston, Lieutenant Colonel of the 58th Regiment of Foot, for the Expence of a Boat loft by the said Regiment -

To Major J. Wilson, for his Expences on Account of the Charaibs, in the I (land of Rattan -To Dr. William Graham, late Surgeon of the 2d Battalion of Royals, as a Compensation for his Medicines, Hospital Utensils, and Instruments, taken for the Public Service after he left 'Toulon -To Mr. John Jackson, for Salvage of sundry Medical Stores from the Penelope Transport -To Major John Wilson, for the Expences incurred by him in establishing Charaibs in the Bay of Honduras To Lieutenant Colonel Twifs, to reimburse Fees paid by him on passing his Account as Comptroller of the Works and commanding Engineer in Canada -To Messrs. Simpson and Davison, to make up a Deficiency arising by a Mistake in the Drawing and the Payment of a Bill of Exchange, drawn by Governor Forbes To Brigadier General John Murray, in aid of Expence for Passage of himself and Suite to Halifax To Captain R. Houghton, in Reimbursement of Sums paid by him for apprehending Deserters from the 53d Regiment of Foot, whilst stationed in Canada -

To Captain H. W.Carr, for the Cure of a severe Wound, received at the Evacuation of the Port Gouyave, in Grenada, whilst serving as a Lieutenant in the 68 th Regiment of Foot ——

To Messrs. Lauder and Johnstone, Carpenters in Saint Vincent's, in Part of a Claim due to them for Work, Negro Hire, and Materials, furnished by them in the said Island for Public Service, under the Direction of the late Captain Douglas, of the Engineers - -

To A. Moles worth, Esq; to repay lo much over-charged upon him, as a Deputy Paymaster, in the Account of the late Richard Rigby, late Paymaster General -To Prince Edward, for the Balance of his Account of F.xpences of erecting new Fortifications and Barracks in Nova Scotia - -

To Lord William Bentinck, to defray Expences to be incurred upon a special Million to the Head Quarters of the Austrian Army in Italy -To Daines Barrington, Commissary of Stores at Gibraltar, for sundry Articles of Stores purchased and shipped by him for the Use of the said Garrison -

5oo —

3oo________

£>920 __

50 ——

5oo _ _ 5oo _______

a 12 6 l09 11 2

' 5o ——

la4 II —

150 ——

83 8 5

61 12 1

161 — , — 5+ ——

93 3 —

21 12 —

48 7 —

3,004 11 — 67 5 6 149 6 6 500 — — 17 39

d.

VOL. 55.

To

66

28° Januarii.

Dates of Payments.

1799.]une 19th.

26th.

29th.

Juift.

5 th.

15th.

29th. August 14th.

28th.

29th.

September 4th. October 18 th.

21 ft *

November aoth. December 5th.

1798. December 29th.

1799. January 2d.

4th.

8th.

9th.

A. 1800.

To P. R. Bear croft, to discharge the Contingencies of his Office as Commissary of Accounts in the Leeward

Islands

To V. Jones, Esq; towards enabling him to discharge a

Bond given by him as Comtniffyry General in the Leeward Islands, for the Prosecution of an Appeal upon the Condemnation of a Vessel -

ToJ.P. Chapman, for the Value of a Vessel hired for the Service of Government in the West and raken

by the Enemy -To Mrs. C. Mathews, for the Value of Copper Coin Tent

to The Cape, of Good Hope - -

To Captain ft. Wooley, and other Captains in the Navy, who were present at the Capture of Saint Nicholas Mole, for the Value of certain Articles taken at that Place by the Commissioners, for the Use of the Troops To Mr. J. P. Ranee, Secretary to Admiral IValdegrave, for his Care and Trouble, in taking Charge of, and circulating, the Copper Coin sent to Newfoundland -To satisfy a Bill of Exchange, drawn by Frederick North, Esq; late Secretary of State in Corsica -To if. Watfor., for the Amount of the Deduction of additional 12 d. per Pound made from his Pay, as Commis-

fary General in America, from 14th March 1782 to 10th January 1784 -

To C. Mason, Esq; late Commissary of Accounts to the

Forces on the Continent, for the Contingent Expences of his Office ——

To Dvfor D°, Service ——

To Colonel Drinkwatei^, for the Contingent Expences of

his Office, as Commissary of Accounts to the Forces under Sir Ralph Abercromby -

To Colonel E. B. Littlebales, for Expences in bringing Dispatches from Saint Domingo - -

To L.Wolfe, for Stationary, delivered from the Stationary Office, for the Use of the Military Department in Canada, for the Quarter ending 5th July 1799 To G. P. Ricketts, Esq; Governor of Barbadoes, for Expences incurred in entertaining sundry Military and Naval Officers -

To Captain Cameron, of the 79th Regiment of Foot, for Expences incurred by him in saving the Baggage of that Regiment in 1794 - -

To G. Aufi, Esq; for the Amount and Expences of a Bill drawn by Consul Stanley, which was returned protest-cd, and was afterwards paid by Mr. Aufi

1,304 II —

7 5 —

404 1 6 —

i>2 S3 3 —

'29 11 — 25 ——

100 4 —

500 — — 1,000 — —

5 CO --- —

42 ——

S 26 4

1,604 11 —

283 13 11

17 2 —

To E.Heme, Esq; for 365 Days Pay as Surgeon to the Forces, to 24th December 1797 ----- -- 172 17 6

26,508 19 5

10th.

To Captain R. Hamilton, for 174 Days Pay as an Assistant Quartermaster General, to 14th September 1796 To Sir William Fawcett, for 183 Days additional Pay as Adjutant General, to 24th December 1797 To Mr. C. Mason, for 366 Days Pay as Commissary of Accounts to the Forces lately serving on the Continent, to 24th December 1796 To D°, for 191 Days D° as D°, 103d July 1797 To Daniel Frafer, for One Year's Allowance, to 31st December 1797, for long Services -

To General Morrison, for 183 Days additional Pay as Quartermaster General, to 24th December 1797 To Major General Simcoe, for 448 Days personal Pay as a Major General in Canada, to 24th December 1795 ToD°, for 341 Days D°, to 29th -

To Lieutenant General Qgilvie, for 1,170 Days Difference of Pay as a Brigadier General and a Major General, to 24th December 1796- - -

To.Lieutenant General David , for 183 Days additional Pay as Quartermaster General, to 24th December 1797 - ....

123 12 4 1,040 2 —

693

361

8 — 17 -

40 ——

693 7 n

848 14 10 646 — 8

554 4 II

693 7 II

To

40 Geo. III.

28° Januarii.

67

Dates of Payments.

1799. January 10th.

12th.

15 th,

17th.

22d.

24th.

26 th.

28th.

3°th.

3‘ft-

To Lieutenant General David Dundas, for 365 Days Pay of

his Two Assistants, to 24th December 1797 - - 172176

To sundry Officers, for Half Pay for their Services on the Lakes in Canada, for 182 Days, to 24th June

1798 - - 131 19 —

To Captain John Sabine, for 194 Days Allowance for

having done the Duty of Assistant Quartermaster General in the Western District, to 24th December 1796 - 137 16 6

To D°, for 365 Days D° for D°, to 24th December

‘797 .....' " . " 259 6 3

To G. Brinley, Esq; for 1,093 Days further additional

Allowance as Commissary of the Army at Halifax, to 21 Ik June 1797 - - - - - 546 10 —

To Thomas Watson, to complete 1,308 Days Pay as

Assistant Commissary in the West Indies, to ill March

1793. - -.....279 15 —

To Major General Richard England, for 469 Days personal Pay as a Major General, to 24th December

1797 888 10 7

To H. IV. Pulleine, for 176 Days Pay as Major of Brigade

in Great Britain, ro 24th June 1796 - - - - 83 7 2

To Sir J. Dick and J. M. Leake, Esq; for Six Months additional Allowance as Comptrollers of Accounts of the

Army, to Christmas 1798 ----- 500 ——

To Major General George Churchill, for 35 Days Pay as a Major General in Great Britain, with One Aid de Camp, to 9th August 1798 - - - - 82 17 8

To Sir L. Pepys, for 365 Days additional Pay as Phy-

flcian General, to 24th December 1797 - , - - 72 17 6

To A. M. Browne, Esq; for 130 Days Pay as late Barrackmaster General at Saint Vincent's, to 5 th April

>79».....- 39 ——

To Major Burgh Leighton, for 174 Days Pay as Major of

Brigade in Great Britain, to 24th December 1795 . - 82 8 2

To D°, for 365 Days D° as D°, tdf 24th December 1797 172 17 6

To Major General Andrew Gordon, for the Pay and Forage of an Extra Akf;de Camp, from 25th 1795 to 14th December 1797, while commanding the Forces in Jersey - - - 533 9 5

To D°, for the Difference between his Pay as Commandant of the Forces at Jersey, and the Pay of a Major General, with One Aid de Camp, for 275 Days, to 24th December 1795 ----- -- 390 14 10

To Colonel Gerrit Fisher, for Pay, Allowances, and Contingent Expences, while acting as Commandant at Sheerness in 1797 ----- -- 200 16 7

To Lieu.enant General Cuyler, on Account of Pay of himself and Staff, ordered on Foreign Service, for the Year

1799 - ----- -- 1,000 — —

To Forjler Hutch:nfon, for 730'Days Pay as Assistant Commissary in North America, to 29th October 1798 - - 365 — —

To Gregory Townshend, for 366 D as D°, to 31st of December 1797 ----- -- 183 — —

To Major General Carleton, for Half a Year's Allowance as Governor of New Brunswick, to 24th June 1797 - 250 —

To D°, for Half a Year's D° as D°, to 24th December

'191.....- - «5° ——

To H. Motz, Esq; for 451 Days Pay, as late Deputy Commissary General on the Continent, to 19A March 1797 - - - 676 10 —

To Sir Will. Fawcett, for 182 Days additional Pay as

Adjutant General, to 24th June 1798 - - - 1,034 8 —

To Dr. Will. Robertson, for 365 Days Pay as Purveyor of Hospitals at The Cape of Good Hope, to 24th December 1797 - - - - 432 3 9

To James Bell, for 282 Days Pay as Apothecary under

Major General Clarke, to 24th December 1795 - 133 11 3

To Dr. Henry Bowles, for 281 Days D° as Physician

at The Cape of Good Hope, to 24th December 1796 - 266 3 7

For the Pay of sundry Officers of the Hospitals at D8,

to 24th December 1797 - - - 259 10 11

C J. d.

Vol. 55.

To

68

28° Januarii.

A. 1800.

Date of Payments.

1799 *

February ift. To Dr. Will. Roberljon, for 282 Days Pay as Purveyor of Hospitals on the Expedition under Major General

Clarke, to 24th December 1795 - - - - 333 18 2

To Mich'. Carmac, for 142 Days Pay as Apothecary to

the Forces lately serving on an Expedition under the Earl of Moira, to 24th December 179$ - - 67 51

2d. To Lieutenant General David Dundas, for 182 Days additional Pay as Quartermaster General, to 24th 1798 689 12 1

4th. To Captain John Sabine, for 238 Days Pay, for having done the Duty of Assistant Quartermaster General in the

Western District, to 19th of August 1798 - - 169 I 8

To HamiltonAchejcn, for 142 Days Pay as Apothecary

in the V/eft Indies, to 13th June 1794 - - - 67 5 I

To Dr. J. W. Roberts, for 65 Days D° as Physician

in the Leeward j fiends, to 24th December 1795 - 61 11 5

To Dr. Geo. Hazleton, for 282 Days D° as Inspector of Hospitals to the Forces under Major General Clarke, to D° - 267 2, 6

To D°, for 366 Days additional Pay as D°, to 24th December 1796 - - - - 173 7 —

7th. To complete the Pay of Dr. John Weir and Mr. Rob'

Gordon, as Purveyors of Hospitals in Jamaica - 385 19 8

8th- For 182 Days Fay of sundry Officers of the Hospitals

at The Caf e of Gord Hope, to 24th June 1797 - 517 4 —

For Pay of sundry D° at D°, to 24th 1797 - 432 17 11

To Major D. Paterson, for his Extra Allowance as Assistant Quartermaster General, from 25th December 1796 to 24th December 1797 - - - - 86 89

To Captain J Dodd, for 226 Days Pay as Major of

Brigade in Great Britain, to 24th 1795 - 107 — 9

To D°, for 183 Days D° as D°, to 24th June 1796 - 86 13 6

To Captain E. Hunter, for 317 Daya.D°as D°, to 24th

December 1796 - 150 2 10

For the Pay of sundry Staff Officers in the Year 1797 - 862 9 2

To Lieutenant Colonel Achmuty, for 380 Days Pay as Adjutant General to the Forces in the East Indies, to 15th January 1798 ----- - 380 — —

To Dr. John Hamefs, for 188 Days Pay as Physician and Director of Hospitals in the Mediterranean, to 31st March 1794 - - - - 178 1 8

To Lieutenant General David Dundas, for 183 Days

Pay as Quartermaster General, to 24th December 1797 173 6 11

To sundry Persons on a Special Commission at

tinople, for their Extra Pay for One Quarter, to 8 th February 1799 - - - - 912 jo 6

To Major Elrington, for 205 Days Pay as Major of Brigade in Great Britain, to 24th December 1795 - 97 1 10

To Captain James Ro/e, for 328 Days D° as D % to 24th

December 1796 - - - - 155 7 —

To Lieutenant Colonel Z. Hall, of the 75th Regiment of Foot, for 380 Days Pay as Quartermaster General in the East Indies to 15 th of January 1798 - - - 380 — —

To General Morrison, for 182 Days additional Pay as

Quartermaster General, to 24th June 1798 - - 689 12 1

22d. To sundry Persons, for 365 Days Pay as Officers of the Hospitals fervingwith the Forces at The Cape of Good Hope, to 24th December 1797 - - - - 345 13 —

To the Representatives of James Bruce, for 192 Days Pay as Surgeon to the Forces, to 24th December

1795 - -.....90 18 8

28th. To the Holder of a Bill of Exchange drawn by John Greenway, for his Pay as Acting Surgeon's Mate in Dominica, to 24th August 1798 - - - - 153 5 —

March nth. To Dr. Pinkard, for 123 Days Pay as Physician in Great Britain, to 26th April if98 - - - - 116103

12th. To James Lawrie, for Six Months Allowance as late Superintendant, &c. on the Mosquito Shore, to 21st June 1798 - -- -- - 230 — —

To Robert Craufurd, for 587 Days Pay as Commissary for muttering Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great

tain, to 21st December 1797 - - - 880 10 —

nth. 12th.

14th.

16th. 18th

f. s. d.

To

40 Geo. III.

2 8° Januarii.

69

L)ite> of Payments.

1799. March 16 th.

2yth.

30th. April 3d.

5th.

tath.

17th.

45th. May 6th.

7 th.

16 th. 2id.

To Lieutenant Robert Griffiths, for superintending the forwarding of Deserters to and from Ireland, between 24th December t'795 and 24th December 1796 -

To D° for D°, from 25th December 1796 to 24th December 1797 ——

To Dr. John MDonald, for 183 Days Pay as Inspector of

Hospitals in the Leeward Islands, to 24th December 1796 To D°, for 182 Days D° as D°, to 24th June 1797 To Captain W. Lumfden, for 126 Days Pay as Major of Brigade in Great Britain, to 24th 1795 -

To sundry Persons, for Half Pay for their Services on the L kes in Canada, for various Periods To Thomas Nicolay, for 256 Days Pay as Surgeon on the Expedition under Major General Clarke, to 24th December 1795 - - *

To D°, for 183 Days Pay as D° at The Cape of Good

Hope, to 24th June 1796 To D°, for 183 Days D° as D°, to 24th June 1797 -

To Dr. E. N. Bancroft. for 242 Days D° as Physician in Great Britain, to 24th December 1798 -

To Dr. James Fellowes, for 183 Days D° as D°, to D°

To William Lempriere, for, 100 Days D° as Apothecary to the Forces, to 24th December 1795 - -

To H. IV. Powell, for 249 Days D° as a Major General with One Aid de Camp, at Gibraltar, to 29th 1796 -

To Major General Charles Graham, for 33 Days D° as a Major General in Great Britain with One D°, to 24th April 1797 - -

To Major IV. Eden, for 177 Days Pay as Major of Brigade in D°, to 24th of December 1795 "

To Alexander Jaffray, to complete his Pay as Deputy Com-

milTary General of Stores and Provisions in the Islands, for 115 Days, to 24th December 1795 To John Carmody for 1,004 Days Pay as Deputy Commis-fary General in the West Indies, to 24th March 1798 To Dr. II. MLean, for 151 Days Pay as Assistant Inspector of Hospitals in Saint Domingo, to 24th May 1799 To A. M.Browne, for 173 Days Allowance, as late Barracfc Mailer General in Saint Vincent's, to 23d February 1799 To W. J. Eppes, for 365 Days Pay as Commissary at Newfoundland, to 9th October 1796 -

To Lieutenant Thomas Crowder, (ox 90 Days D as Major of Brigade in Great Britain, to 24th March 1797 To A. M. Browne, for 151 Days D° as late Barrack Master General in Saint Vincent's, to 3d September 1798 -To Captain John Laurenfon, for 205 Days Pay as Major of.

Brigade in North Britain, to 24th 1795

To D°, for 366 Days D° as D°, to 24th December 1796 To D°, for 365 Days D° as D % to 24th December 1797 -To Major T. Elrington, for 65 Days Pay as Major of Bri-

gade in Great Britain, to 2d June 1795 To Major General Simcoe, for 711 Days Pay of an, Aid de Camp, to 12th September 1796 -

To Major P.K. Skinner, for 115 Days Pay as Major of

Brigade, to 24th December 1795 - -

To Captain T. Williamson, for 53 Days D as D°, in Great Britain, to 24th June 1796 For 182 Days additional Pay to the Deputy Adjutant General, and Deputy Quartermaster General, to 24th June 1798 - - - - *

To Major H. Smith, for 98 Days Pay as'Major'of Brigade on the Continent, to 24th December 1794 To the Representatives of Major J. C. Ker, for 29 Days Pay as Military Commandant of Hospitals in th Islands, to 18th of November 1793 -

For the Pay, and Difference of Pay, for sundry General and Staff Officers, Officers of Hospitals in Great Britain, to 24th June 1798 ——

To Lieutenant Colonel Wilson, for his Trouble for 454 Days, in taking Charge of Charaibs removed from Saint Vincent's to Rattan ——

S3 3 —

S3 3 —

346 14 —

344 16 —

59 3 6

196 4 6

121 4 11

86 13 6

86 4 —

229 4 8

173 6 11

47 7 3

589 l3 5

78 2 11

83 16 7

27 4 8

502 . — —

143 — 8

51 18 —

182 10 —

42 12 6

45 6 —

97 1 10

173 7 —

172 7 6

3° 5 8

336 5 —

54 9 4

5 2 —

172 8 —

46 8 3

27 9 4

4,312 1 4

481 5

f. s. di

VOL. 55.

To

7°

A. 1800.

28° Jamarii.

Date of Payments.

1799.

May 24th.

30th.

June 10th. 14th.

17th. 39th. July ift. 4th.

nth.

13th. 18th. 19th.

2 2d. 33d. 25th.

26th.

Augoft 6th.

7th

loth.

17th.

To Captain Charles Sinclair, for 112 Days Pay as Major of Brigade in Great Britain, to 22d September 1795 To Mr. James Barclay, for Pay as Acting Hospital Mate at Dominica, from 2d April 1795 to 15th August 1796, and for Medicines and other Articles -To Mr. Ralph Green, for 82 Days Pay as Surgeon at Lisbon, to 24th July 1799 -

To Dr. H. Bowles, for 183 Days D as Physician at The Cape of Good Hope, to 24th December 1797 To the Representatives of Benjamin Shields, for 15 DaysD® as Surgeon at Martinico, to 14th May 1794 To D°, for 17 Days D® as Apothecary in the Leeward Islands, to 20th August 1794 -To Mr. William Wood, for 182 Days D® as D®, at Saint Domingo, to 24th June 1799 -

To Dr. H. Gillan, for 365 Days D® as Physician at The Cape of Good Hope, to 24th December 1797 Tofundry Personsona Special Million at Confiantinople, for their Extra Pay for One Quarter, to 12th May 1799 To William Kay, for 366 Days Pay as an Assistant Commissary of Stores, See. to the Forces lately serving on the Continent, to 24th December 1796 -

To D® for 104 Days Pay as Assistant Commissary of Stores, Stc.to the Forces lately serving on the Continent, to 7 th April 1797 - -

ToD°, for 281 Days D° as Assistant Commissary to the Army in England, to D°

To the Representatives of Dr. F. Riollay, for 97 Days Pay as Physician to the Forces, to 24th December 1795 -To Lieutenant James Hamill, for 219 Days Pay as Town Major in Alderney, to 24th December 1795 -To D°, for 366 Days D° as D®, to 24th December 1796 -To D°, for 365 Days D° as D®, to 24th December 1797 -To the Representatives of William Maynard, for 126 Days Pay as Deputy Purveyor in the West Indies, to 26th September 1795 ——

To die Representatives of N. for One Tear

and 157 Days Allowance as late Commissary General in Grenada, 1030th May 1798 -

To James Walker, for 972 Days Pay as an Extra Quarter-rmfter of the 3d Regiment of Foot Guards, to 20th October 1795 -

To Sir William Fawcett, for 183 Days additional Pay as Adjutant General, to 24th December 1798 To D®, for 327 Days Pay of his Assistant, to D® -To D®, for 85 Days Extra Pay of D®, to D"

To Dr. William Scott, for 57 Days Pay as Physician in Saint Domingo, to 24th December 1794 -

For the Pay and Difference of Pay of sundry General and Staff Officers in Great Britain, to 24th December 1798 To Sir L. Pepys, for 365 Days additional Pay as Physician General, to 24th December 1798 -

To T. Keate, for 313 Days additional Pay as Surgeon General to D° ——

To sundry Persons, for Half Pay for their Services on the Lakes in Canada ——

To A. M.Browne, for 150 Days Allowance, as late Barrack-matter at Saint Vincent's, to 23d July 1799 To Lieutenant Colonel John Sontag, Military Superintendant of Hospitals, for Pay for himself and the Resident Superintendants under his Command, to 24th December 1797 - -

To D®, for Extra Pay of himself and D®, from 25th December 1797 to 24th June 1798 - -

To Dr. R. Gordon, for 151 Days Pay as Physician in the West Indies, to 24th October 1799 - - - -To Lieutenant General Dundas, for 183 Days additional Pay as Quartermaster General, to 24th December 1798 -To D®, for 365 Days Pay of his Two Assistants, to D® -To Major General England, for 303 Days Personal Pay as a Major General, to 23d October 1798 -

3

— it

457 5 7 38 16 9

173 6 11

7 a 1

8 —

86 4 —

345 5 — $12 to 6

260 — 6

73 7 8 70 5 —

91 17 8

41 9 9 69 6 9 69 3 —

59 '3 6

286 — 6

184 2 to

1,040 2 — 154 7 6

2» 2 7

S3 9 10 15,011 9 10 172 7 6 444 4 9 132 2 45 ——

239 ,8 —

301 4 — 143 — 9

693 7 1 *

172 17 6 574 — 9

jr. s. d.

To

40 Geo. Ill

a8° Januarii.

I1

Dates of Payments.

1799 August 19th.

2 2d.

23d.

26th.

29th.

3lft.

September 3d. 9th.

nth.

13th.

30th.

October 4th.

nth.

15 th. 18 th.

22d.

29th.

31st.

November 6th.

9th.

nth. 12 th.

13th.

19th.

23d.

VOL. 5$J

To G.Brinley, Esq; for365 Days Pay as Commissary of __________

the Army at Halifax, to 21st 7"# 1798 - - - 73 " __________

To D°, for 365 Days additional Pay as D°, to D° - 91 *

ToD°, for 365 Days further additional Pay as D#, to 1(_ _

D° _ . _ _ I _ . 182 10

To Count de Matron, for Three Quarters of a Year's

Subsidy, to 25th June 1799, for continuing his Corps _

in the British Service - - - - 2, 5° "

To Sir William Fawcett, for 182 Days additional Pay as j

Adjutant General, to 24th of June 1799 - 6°9

To Lieutenant Colonel G. F. Koehler, for 185 Days Pay as an Assistant Quartermaster General in Great Britain, g »

to 8th November 1798 ----- - *

To the Duke of Argyll, for 645 Days Pay of an Extra

Surgeon's Mate to the 3d Regiment of Foot Guards, _ g

to 30th November 1794 - - - - -. 1

To Lieutenant Colonel Moore, for his Allowance for One

Year and a Half, to 24th September 1798, for his long ___ _

Services, particularly during the Siege of Gibraltar - 225 _

To D°, for D° for Half a Year, to 24th March 1799 - 75

For the Pay of sundry Staff Officers in Great Britain, to ,e 6

24th June 1799 - - - $33 3

To Lieutenant Colonel M. B. Walton, for 66 Days Pay as

Major of Brigade in Great Britainto 28th February - -

1798 - ----- -- 5

To William Rose, for the Difference between the Pay of

Hospital Mate and Surgeon, from 18th July to 24th J - »

cemher 1797 ----- -- 5 '

To John Rutherford, for 127 Days Pay as Assistant Quartermaster General in Great Britain, to 24th December . c

,7, S.....- - - 9° 4 6

To sundry Persons on a special Million at

for their Extra Pay for One Quarter, to 13th August Q g

1799 ——

For 182 Days Half Pay of fondry Persons, for their Services on the Rivers and Lakes in Canada, to 24th June , . _

1799 ----- --- - 86 9

To Lieutenant Joseph Whither, for 71 Days Pay, for having acted as Major of Brigade in Great Britain, to 20th e

July 1798 ----- --- - 33

To Captain William Keightly, for 417 Days Pay as Fort _

Major of the Idand of Saint Lucia, to 18th June 1795 - 9» 5

To Edward Coleman, Esq; on Account of Pay, &c. of certain Veterinary Staff Officers and Farriers, appointed to _

attend the Forces ordered on Foreign Service - - 7°

To Turner Roope, for 558 Days Pay as , Assistant Commis- j0 __

fary in the Leeward Islands, to 5 th April 1798 - - *

To Thomas Nicolay, for 183 Days Pay as Surgeon at The tie

Cape of Good Hope, to 24th December 17 97 - - 80 13 5.

To E.Home, Esq; for 365 Days Pay as Surgeon to the g

Forces, to 24th December 1798 - >7 '

To Dr. Robert Jackson, for 9 Days Pay as Inspector of

Hospitals in S‘. Domingo, to 24th September 1795 " 7 *

To Lieutenant General David Dundas, for 182 Days additional Pay as Quartermaster General, to 24th June ,799 - - - . 689 1 *

To Lieutenant William Philips, for 62 Days Pay as Major

of Brigade in Great Britain, to 26th September ,798 - 29 7 3

To James Lawrie, Esq; for Half a Year's Allowance as late Superintendant, &c. of the Musquito Shore, to 21st of December 1798 ----- - 25° T

To General Morrison, for 183 Days additional Pay as

Quartermaster General, to 24th December 1798 - - 693 7 11

To D°, for 182 Days additional D°, as D°, to 24th June

1799. - ----- -- 689 12 1

To Colonel H. Calvert, for 167 Days Pay as Adjutant General to D® - - - - . 158 3 10

To D°, for 167 Days additional Pay as D°, to D® - 395 9 7

To Messrs. Cox and Co. on Account of the Pay of the Staff Officers of the Flank Battalions in sundry Dif tritts, for 1799 ----- -- 3,100 — —

£. s, d.

To

7 2

28° Janu.

Dates of Payment.

1799.

November a 8 th

December 7 th.

14th.

18 th

24th.

August lft. December 5 th.

January 21ft.

April 20th August.5 th. 22(1. 27 th October 4th. 22d. 24th. 29th. November $oth

September 26 th

ChJober 17th. November :d.

16th. 26th. December 5th.

June 6th.

To John Gunning, Esq; for 365 Days additional Pay as Surgeon General, to 24th December 1797 To the Representatives of John Gunning, for 52 Days additional Pay as D°, to 14th February 1798 - -

To Captain Kaufman, for 181 Days Allowance, to ill August 1798, for his long and meritorious Services To D°, \for One Year's D°, to 1 1799 -

To Count de Meuron, for One Quarter of a Year's Subsidy, to 25th June 1799, for continuing his Corps in the British Service ——

To A. M. Browne, for 126 Days Allowance, to 26th November 1799, as late Barrack matter at Saint, Vincent's -To Sir William Fawcett, for 38 Days Pay of an Ashstant as Adjutant General, to 3 ift January 1798 -

To sundry Persons on a Special Mission at Constantinople for their Extra Pay, to 14th November 1799

518 12 6

7 3 17 8

45 5 —

9‘ 5

750 — —

37 16 —

8 9 11

832 —

To the Duke of Fork, to provide himself with an Equipage as Commander in Chief, about to embark on Foreign Service - - 5,000 — —

To Lieutenant General Cuyler, to provide himselfwith D°as

Commander if) Chief of the Forces serving in Portugal - 1,000-

To Sir Ralph Abercromby, to provide himself with 1)° as General and Commander in Chief of the Forces to be employed on a particular Service ----- 1,000 — -

To B. Watson, F fq; for the Contingent Expences of his Department as Commissary General ——

To l>°, for D" Service -

To D°, for D° Service -

To D°, for D° Service -

To D", for D° Service - -

To D", for D° Service -

To D°, for D° Service -

To D", for D° Service -

To 13°, for D° Sen ice - .

l'o D°, for D° Service -

10,000

10.000

20,000

10,000

40.000 10 oco

10.000 10,000 10,000 10,000

1798. December 28th.

1799. January lft.

March 13th.

July 11th.

To D°, to enable him to cause Payment of certain Bremen and Hamburgh - -

To D°, for D° Service - -

To D°, for D° Service -

To D°, for D° Service -

To D°, for D° Service -

To D°, for D° Service - -

Bills drawn from

- 25,000 — —

- 20,000 ——

- 50,000 ——

- 30,000 ——

- 21,825 '----

- 6,175 ——

To Messrs. Adams and Hodge, for the Balance of their Account as Contractors for supplying the Forces at Netley with Bread, Wood, Straw, and Forage - -- -- - 14 5 —

To Melfrsi Adams and Welsford, for D° as Contractors for supplying by Commission the Forces encamped in land with D° in 17 96 ——

September 1 jth.

His Majesty's Forces, from 2d to 31st December 1795 -

To D°, for D°, from 4th to 3 ift January 1797 To D°, for providing Hospital Bedding, &c. for the Use of the Forces ——

To D°, for D° Service ——

To D°, lor D° Service ——

To D°, for Camp Necessaries for the Use of the Forces To D°, for D° Service ——

To D , for sundry Expences incurred by him on Account of L i is Majesty's Forces, from 22d 1797 to 6th of

C''Holer 1798

To Mefirs. J. Trctterand Co. for Sundries supplied by

thmi to the Commissary. General's Department in Portugal ——

To Jehu Trotter, F.fq; for providing Camp Neceftdries for the Use of the Forces -

To D°, for sundry Expences incurred on Account of the Forces, from 7th March 1796 to 31st December 1798

45 6 5

on Account of

2,849 6 3

3>96‘ 6 9

8,561 6 9

2,103 9 5

5»3f>5 7 11

20,000 — —

5,8 20 10 '

8,985 6 2

848 8 —

6,892 3 11

3.545 1 9

A. 1800.

jC s'

71,40a T 6 6

7,000 — —

140,000 —

153,000 ——

59 «« 5

1

40 Geo. III.

28° Januarii.

73

Dates of Payments.

1799. September 13th<

October 25th.

December ad.

To John Trotter, Esq; for sundry Expences incurred oil Account of the Forces -

To D°, for sundry D° incurred on Account of D°, from 23d October 1798 to 7th May 1799 -

To D°, for providing Hospital Bedding, &c. for the Use of the Forces ——

To D°, for D° Service ——

To D°, for D° Service - -, -

To D°, for Expences incurred on Account of the Forces, from 4th July to 31st August 1799 - " -

To D", for providing Camp Necessaries, Bedding, &c. for the Use of the Fortes -To D°, for providing Hospital Bedding, Tents, &c. for D° To D°, for providing Hammocks and Bedding for the Use of the Forces at Minorca. -

January 5 th. 9th.

10th.

30th.

February 4th.

7 th.

8th.

9th.

14th.

VOL. 55.

9,207 6 —

3,496 16 9

1,266 3 7 8,921 9 8

12,722 18 7

- 2,831 — 3

10,705 2 —

3,592 18 II

- 4,743 8 8

For aoo Days Forage Money to sundry Officers for 1796 - -

For Baggage and Forage Money for Officers of the Augmentation to the Io8th and 112th Regiments of Foot ——

To the General and Staff Officers who have not drawn Forage from the Magazines, from iff June to 12th October 1797 - -

To the Earl of Northampton, for the Maintenance of the Baggage Horses of the Northampton Regiment of Militia, from the Campaign 1795 to the Campaign

1796 -

To Earl Fortescue, for Baggage Horses for the additional

Companies of the North Devon Militia, ordered to take the Field in 1795 ——

To Lord Miljing/on, for the Maintenance of the Baggage Horses of the North Lincoln Militia, from the Campaign 1794 to the Campaign 1 "95 -

To D°, for D°, from the Campaign 1795 to the Campaign 1796 ——

To Colonel Sibthorp, for the Maintenance of the Baggage Horses of the South Lincoln Militia, from the Campaign 1794 to the Campaign 1795 -

To D°, for D°, from the Campaign 1795 to the Campaign 1796 ——

For Bat and Blanket Horses for sundry Battalions of Foot, ordered on Foreign Service in 1795 -

For Baggage and Forage Money for the ad Battalion 69th Regiment of Foot, ordered on D° in D° -

To D°, for the iff Battalion of the 60th D°, ordered on D° For D°, for a Detachment of the 4th Battalion of the 60th Regiment of Foot, lately embarked -ForD°, for the 29th Regiment of Foot, having taken the Field in 1796 -

To D°, for certain Officers of the 58th Regiment of Foot, having taken the Field in Jersey in 1798 For 200 Days Forage Money of sundry Officers for the Campaigns 1795 and 1796 -

To the Marquis of Lome, to complete the Field Allowances of the Subaltern Officers of the Fen-

cibles - - -v- - -

To Sir John Dalling, for Baggage and Forage Money for the Officers of the 37th Foot, who embarked with Sir Ralph Abercromby, and have since embarked for Service

at Gibraltar ——

To Lieutenant General Dundas, for the Maintenance of the Baggage Horses of the 7 th Dragoons, from the Campaign 1795 to the Campaign 1796 -

For Forage Money for sundry Corps of Militia on taking the Field, being the 3d Year of their Encampment To D°, for sundry Corps of Fencibles on D°, being the

ad D°....

For the Maintenance of Baggage Horses of sundry Corps of Militia, from the Campaign 1795 to the Campaign 1796 - ....

U

the Campaign 85 10 —

HO — —

840 3 3

75 ——

75 1 ""

70 ——

75 ——

75 ——

75 ——

420 -

527 10 —

703 15 —

167 10 — 232 10 — n5 5 — 85 10 —

175 ——

412 10 —

50 ——

927 8 —

818 16 —

60 ——

JT. r. d.

126,420 ii 4 1

For

74

a8° Januarii.

A. 1800.

Date of Payments.

1799.

February 15th.

i 8 th.

26 th.

28th.

March 1 ft.

6th.

9th.

12th.

9th.

12th.

14th

18 th.

21 ft.

/ipril 3d.

For Baggage and Forage Money for sundry Regiments of Foot, ordered to take the Field -For D°, for the late 2d Battalion of Scotch Brigade, which took the Field in North Britain in 1795- - -

To D°, for the late ift Battalion of D° - -

For 166 Days Forage for certain Officers of the 99th Foot, in the West Indies, in 1796 To Lieutenant Colonel Talbot, for Baggage and Forage Money on taking the Field in 1798 For 200 Days Forage for sundry Staff Officers To Colonel Sloane, for Forage Money for the North Hampshire Militia, having held themselves in Readiness to take the Field in 795 - -

For Baggage and Forage Money to certain Officers of sundry Regiments of Foot, having taken the Field in Guernfeyin 1798 ——

To the Duke of Richmond, for the Maintenance of the Baggage Horses of the Sussex Militia, from the Campaign 1794 to the Campaign 1795 ~ -

For Baggage and Forage to certain Officers of sundry Regiments of Fencibles, having taken the Field in Guernsey in 1798 ——

For the- Maintenance of the Baggage Horses of sundry Corps of Militia, from the Campaign 1795 to the Campaign 1796 ——

To Dr. Sam1. Cave, for Bat, Forage, and other Field Allowances, as Physician at Barbadoesin 1796 *

For Baggage and Forage Money to certain Officers of sundry Regiments, having taken the Field in Jersey in

1797 - " - . ' - - -

To Colonel Bullock, for the Maintenance of the Baggage Horses of the East Essex Militia, from the Campaign 1^94 to the Campaign 1795 -

To Lieutenant Colonel Madden, for Baggage and Forage Money, for the Year 1795, in the Leeward Islands To Bat and Blanket Horses of sundry Corps ordered on Foreign Service - - -.

To Lieutenant General Smith, for Bat, Baggage, and Forage, for 1795, to certain Officers of the 43d Regiment of Foot, who were taken Prisoners in Guadaloupe To Major General Vyfe, for Baggage Horses for the 29th Regiment of Dragoons, ordered on Foreign Service To Sir G. Osborn, for Bat, Baggage, and Forage, for 1795, to certain Officers of the 40th Regiment of Foot, who were taken Prisoners in Guadaloupe -To the General and Staff Officers in North Britain, who have not drawn Forage from the Magazines, in the Campaign 1796 -

To several Staff Officers, in lieu of Forage undrawn from the Magazines in 1797 -

To Lord Onslow, for the Maintenance of the Baggage Horses of the Surrey Fencible Cavalry, from the Campaign 1795 to the Campaign 1796 -

To Lieutenant General Reid, for Bat and Blanket Horses for the 88th Regiment of Foot -To D°, for Baggage and Forage Money for D° Regiment ordered on Foreign Service -For Baggage and F orage Money for sundry Battalions ordered to embark for Ireland For Bat and Blanket Horses for D4 Battalions For the Maintenance of the Baggage Horses of sundry Corps of Militia, from the Campaign 1795 to the Campaign 1796 -

For Baggage and Forage to certain Officers of the 28th Regiment of Foot, who embarked for Service in the West Indies, and have since embarked for Gibraltar To complete the Field Allowances of the Subaltern Officers and Chaplain of the Southern Fencibles To John Cochrane, Deputy Commissary of Stores, &c. in North Britain, for his Allowance of Forage for 1793 and 1794 ——

140 — —

395 -

367 0 —

55 4 6

30 ——

28 10 —

289 12 —

235 ——

115 ——

320 ——

610 — — 47 19 —

390 — —

105 ——

52 10 —

J4o ——

182 10 —

60 ——

r.

93 lS

524 3 11

267 6 5

85 — —

210 — —

801 5 —

3»376 5 —

1,050

215 — —

40 — —

87 10 —

66 11 7

For

75

4o Geo. III.

28° Januarii.

Dates of Payments.

1799-April 8 th.

nth.

15th.

29th.

May ad.

7th.

15th.

17th.

19th.

a6th

August 17th. and.

09th.

September 5 th. lath. October 3d. 7th.

November 14 th. "December 24th.

For Bat and Blanket Horses; and Baggage and Forage Money for sundry Corps of Militia and Regiments of Fencible Infantry ordered for Service in Ireland For aoo Days Forage Money for sundry Staff Officers in

1795> 1796> and 797

For Baggage and Forage Money for sundry Regiments of Foot on taking the Field in the Isle of Wight - -

To Lieutenant Colonel Maineil for Baggage and Forage as a Captain in the late 2d Battalion Scotch Brigade, having embarked for Gibraltar -

For the Maintenance of the Baggage Horses of sundry Corps of Militia, from the Campaign 1794 to the Campaign 1795 - -

To Lord Grey de Wilton, for Baggage and Forage for the JLancashire Fencibles ordered to take the Field For the Maintenance of the Baggage Horses of the Lowland Fencibles, from the Campaign 1794 to the Campaign 1795 ——

For Forage Money for the Officers of the Durham Militia, who provided themselves with Camp Equipage, having been ordered to take the Field in 1797 For Bat Horses, for certain Officers of the 3d Dragoons, ordered on Foreign Service in 1794 -

To Lieutenant Colonel Magan, for the Forage of a Horse, while serving in the West Indies in 1795 -

To Captain Kent, for 200 Days Net Forage, for having acted as Major of Brigade at Chatham Barracks in 1797 For Bat, Baggage, and Forage for 1795 of sundry Officers taken Prisoners at Guadaloupe -

To Captain C. Licks, for Baggage and Forage as Captain in the late 92d Regiment of Foot in 1795 For Bat and Blanket Horses, and Baggage and Forage Money, for sundry Corps of Militia ordered for Service in Ireland - -

For Forage to the General and Staff Officers, on taking the Field in 1798 For Baggage and Forage Money for sundry Corps of Fen-cibles, on taking the Field in 1798 -

To complete the Allowance of Baggage and Forage Money for the Carmarthen Militia -To complete the Allowance of Bat Horses for D° Militia -For Baggage Horses for certain Officers of the 4th Regiment of Dragoons, who encamped in 1795 -

To Sir R. Worjley, for the'Maintenance of the Baggage

Horses of the South Hants Militia, from the Campaign 1795 to the Campaign 1796 - -

For Baggage and Forage Money to the Officers of the Flank Battalions in sundry Districts -To D°, for the Officers of the Flank Battalions in the Yorkshire District - -

For Bat, Baggage, and Forage Money, for sundry Corps ordered to embark on Foreign Service For Bat Horses for sundry Troops of Dragoons ordered to embark for D° - - - - .

To sundry Persons for aoo Days Forage Money for the Campaigns 1795, 1796, 1797, and 1798 For aoo Days Forage to sundry Hospital Officers ordered on Foreign Service ——

To Sir William John Jton, for Baggage and Forage Money for his Regiment of Fencibles, ordered to embark for ' Gibraltar -ToD°, for Bat and Blanket Horses for D° -For Bat, Baggage, and Forage, of the 34th Regiment of Foot, ordered to embark for The Cape of Good Hope

January 23 d. September 24th. February 5 th.

Vol. 55.

4,172 10 — 351 0 —

1,570 ——

20 ——

330 ——

668 15

ao — —

136 6 — 132 6 — 12 18 6

19 ——

5i 5 -

20 — —

2,152 10 —

12,345 5 —

M93 15 —

197 10 —

40 ——

226 16 —

90 ——

3,492 10 —

593 10 —

23,800 15 —

37 ——

161 10 —

218 10 —

511 5 —

210 ——

610 — —

/r. j. d.

To William Fettes, for supplying Bread, Forage, Wood, and Straw, to the Forces encamped in 1798 in North Britain - - 2,700 — —

To D°, for supplying D° in 1799 - - - 5,000 — —

For a Bill of Exchange drawn by the Royal Bank of Scotland, for furnishing Specie, dec.to the Troops in Scotland, in 1798 - 779 3 9

71,084 8 2

7,700 ——

To

I6

28° Januarii.

A. 1800.

Dates of Payments,

1799. February 15 th.

April 18 th, November iith,

To Lord A. Gordon, for so much expended by him in North Britain in 1797 ——

To Lieutenant Colonel A. Dirom, for his Contingent Expences as Deputy Quartermaster General in D°, from 25th June to 24 th of December 1797 -

To D°, for D8, from 25th December 1797 to 94th5fawi798 To Colonel A. Mackay, for his Contingent Expences as Deputy Adjutant General in North Britain, from 25th June to 24th December 1797 -

To D°, /or D°, from 25th December 1797 to 24th June

798.....-

To Lieutenant Colonel Dirom, for Expences attending Encampments in North Britain in 1797 To Lieutenant Colonel Rydyerd, of the Engineers, for the Purchase of Ground for constructing a Barrier at Dumbarton Castle, and Expences attending thereof To John Geddes, Esq; for Sums expended by him for the Ul'e of the Forces in North Britain in 1798 To William Fettes, Esq; on Account of his Extra Expences for Oatmeal, &c. furrlished to the several Garrisons in D°, from 25th December 1797 to 24th December 1798 - -

300

78 3 ~

78 3 —

78 3 —

78 3 ~

774 14 11

109 16 —

1,728 12 —

604 3 *

January 28th, 29th

February 6th,

9th.

nth.

March 7 th.

June nth. OEleber 15th.

February 15th. 28th August 12th.

February 4th. 7 th

To Major George Smith, to complete the Allowance for a Second Clothing provided for the late Corftcan Corps -To Lord Landaff, for providing Clothing and Accoutrements for an intended Augmentation to the late 114th Regiment of Foot ——

To Mefirs. Phynn, Ellis, and Inglis, for Clothing furnished by sundry Merchants at Saint John's to the Newfoundland Corps -

To the Representatives of Lieutenant Colonel Hardy, for Clothing furnished to Men of the late Fork Fuzileers, beyond the established Numbers - -

To Sir Charles Grey, Colonel of the 8th Regiment of Dragoons, for Loss in not having the , Benefit of a Clothing Assignment, from 51 h April 1797 to 4th 1799 To Mefirs. Pearfe, for 300 Suits of Slop Clothing sent to Chatham, to be put into Store -To Colonel Beaufoy, for Slop Clothing for the ift Tower Hamlets Militia - - - ,

To Colonel Smith, for D° for the 2d D®

To Lieutenant Colonel Ferrier, for D° for the 3d Battal-lion of Scotch Brigade ——

To MefTrs. Pearfe, for Expences incurred in the Purchase of Shoes for the Use of the Forces -

324 2 2

1,036 5 II

533 9 6

1,272 13 5

2,656 10 —

380 1 —

4 03 16 —

403 16 —

346 7 6

6,193 4 —

To Colonel Newport, for Accoutrements for an Augmentation to the Worcester Regiment of Militia - - - - 126 3 —

To Colonel Newnham, for D° for the West London Militia 425 3 8

To Sir Watkin Lewes, for D° for the East London D° - 425 3 8

To Lord Grey, for D° for the Augmentation to the Cheshire

D° - -- - - -- 148 10 —

126

127

7»

71

54

To Colonel D. MDonald', for Knapsacks for the Glengary

bles - ----- - 224

To General Morrison, for D° for the 4th Regiment of Foot To General Grant, for D° for the nth D° -To Lieutenant General Grenville, for D° for the 23d D° -To Lieutenant General Stirling, for D° for the 41st D® -To Lieutenaht General Scott, for D° for the 58th D°

To Major General Fox, for D° for an Augmentation to the 10th D° - -

To Lieutenant General Hotbam, for D° for an Augmentation to the 14th D° ——

To Lieutenant General Garth, for D® for an Augmentation to the 17th D° -

To Lieutenant General Whyte, for D for an Augmentation to the 24th D° ——

To General Majfey, for D° for an Augmentation to the 27th D8- - - _ _ _ _ .

Fenci-18 6

7 ~ 7 ~ 7 — 7 — i7 "

126 7 — 54 17 — 84 11 — 126 7 —

54 17 ~

£. s. d.

5,609 1 9

3,55» 5 6

1,125 — 4

To

40 Geo. lit.

28° Jariuariu

11

Dates of Payments.

799-'February 7 th.

'9th.

15th. 18 th. 38th. March 7th.

12 th.

16th.

April ad. 20th.

January 15th.

February 26 th. March 18th.

April 12th. 25 th.

May 7th.

To Lord Mufyrave, /or Knapsacks for an Augmentation

to the 31st Regiment of Foot - -

To the Earl of Ross, for D° for an Augmentation to the 3 ad

D® - - - -- - - - i

To Major General Balfour, for D° for an Augmentation to the 39th D° -

To Lieutenant General Adeane, for D° for an Augmentation to the 45th D® - -

To Lieutenant General Martin, for D° for an Augmentation to the 51st D® -To Major General Hulfe, for D" for an Augmentation to

the 56th D#....

To the Earl of Clanricarde, for D® for an Augmentation

to the 66th D° - - - - *

To Lieutenant General Lake, for D® for an Augmentation to the 53d D° - -

To Colonel M. H. Baillie, for D° for the Reay Fencibles -To Lieutenant General Bertie, for D°foran Augmentation to the 9th Regiment of Foot ' -To Lord Frederick Cavendish, for D° for an Augmentation to the 34th D® -

To General Morris, for D° for the 61st D® -To Colonel J.Skerrett, for D® for his West India Regiment - -

To Lieutenant General Bruce, for D® for the 16th Regiment of Foot - . - -

To Lieutenant General Duridas, for D® for an Augmentation to the 8th D® - .

To Colonel Beaufoy, for E>® for the 1 ft Tower Hamlets Militia - - - - i -

To Colonel Smith, for D® for the 2d D® -

To Colonel Blake, for D° for the Northumberland Fencibles To Colonel Colin Campbell, for D° for the Dumbarton (j® To the Earl of Granard, for D° for an Augmentation to the late 108 th Regiment of Foot To Lieutenant General Douglas, for D° for the 99th D° -To General preeme, for D for the Augmentation to the 19th Regiment of Foot ——

84 II —

126 7 —

126 7 ~

126 7 —

126 7 —

126 7 —

54 7 —

54 17 —

224 18 6

63 3 —

?4 11 —

126 7 —

206 u —

126 7 —

54 17 —

218 17 —

218 17 —

224 18 6

200 8 —

156 t 6

365 8 —

90 .18 —

To make good the Deficiencies on the Alignments of the late 93d and, 117 th Regiments of Foot, discontinued on the Estab-lishment - -- -- - 2,579 15 10

To make good D° on the Assignment of Baron de Monta-

lembert's Legion, discontinued on D® - - - 4,263 6 7

To make good D®on D° of the lath Regiment of Dragoons - - - - . - - - - 76a 17 ti

To make good D°on D® of the Royal Dublin Regiment of Foot - -- -- - 2,392 i 2

For Off-reckonings of the Contingent Men of sundry

Regiments serving in the East Indies, for various Periods 1,747 4 6 To make good the Deficiencies upon the Alignments of

sundry Regiments of Foot ----- 4,401 11 8

Vou 55 *

ToMeffrs. J.N. and B. Pearfe, for Watch Coats for of Foot -

To D®,‘forD®for the 25 th D® -

To D°, for D for the West Lowland Fencibles To D®, for D® for the 70th Regiment of Foot To D®, for D® for the 39th D® - -

ToD®, for D® for the 43d D® -

ToD®, for D® for the 58 th D® -

To D®, for D® for the 59th D® -

ToD®, for D® for the 87thD® -

To D°, for D® for the aoth D° - -

ToD®, for D® for the 26thD® -ToD®, for D® for the 44th D® -

ToD®, for D® for the 50th D® - -

To D?, for D® for the 56th D® - - - .

To D®, for D® for the ift Battalion of the 60th D® -ToD®, for D® for the 2d Battalion of D®.

To D i for D® for the 3d Battalion of D® -

the 17th Regiment,

- 4 4 1 6

- 34 8 ‘ 9

- 288 18 At

- 39 9 2

- 635 5 a-

- 389 3 2

- , 33 7 4

- 389 6 8

- 389 3 2

- 33 8 10

- 367 16 1

- 4 8 4 7

- 383 3 4

- 4 4 ? 6

- 562 2 2

A 598 5 10

- 618 3 9

L' s‘

4,3 1 18 -S

16,146 'll %

To

L

78

a 8° Januarii.

Date of Payments.

799 May 7th.

10th.

15th.

17th

June 5 th. August aift.

23d. 27 th

0Bober 19 th.

"December 21ft.

23d

24th,

Jamary 7th. 15 th.

To Messrs 7 i\T. and B. Pearje, for. Watch Coats for the

4th Battalion of the 60th Regiment of Foot To D®, for P® for the Southern Fencibles -To D°, for Great Coats for the 5th Battalion of the 60th Regiment of Foot - -

To D°, for Watch Coats for the Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards ——

To D®, for P® for the 14th Regiment of Foot To Mr. S. Parker, for D°, for the 3d Regiment of Foot

Guards - -

To D°, for D° for the 7 ad Regiment of Foot *

To Mr. James Duberley, for D°for the 8th D°

To D°, for D® for the a id D® -

To D°, for D® for the 37£h -

To D®, for D® for the 6 2d D® *

To Mr. Parker, for D® for the 1 ft Battalion of Argyllshire

Fencibles - - - .

To Mr. J. Duberley, for Great Coats for the 2d Regiment of Foot - - - - -

To D®, for D° for the 15th D® -

To D® for Watch Coats for the Angus Fencibles -To Sam'. Parker, for D° for the 86th Regiment of Foot -To Messrs. Pearfe, for Great Coats for the 4th D®

To P®, for D" for the 16th D® -

To D®, for D® for the 24th D° -

To D®, for D® for the 38th D® -

To D®, for D® for the 65th D® - . *

To P®, for D® for the 69th D® -

To P®, for D® for the 8ad D -

To Messrs. Davenport and Gilpifor D® for the 46th D® To D®, for D® for the 48th D® -

To D®, for D® for the 55 th D -

To P®, for D® for the 63d D° »

To P®, for D® for the 27th D® -

To p®, for D® for the 40th D® - -

To P®, for D® for the Newfoundland Fencibles To P®, for D® for the Royal Garrison Battalion -To Messrs. W. and H. Dickey, for P for the ift Battalion of the 1 ft Regiment of Foot -

To P®, for D® for the 2d Battalion of D®

To D®, for D® for the 3d Regiment of Foot -To P®, for P® for the nth P® -

To D®, for P® for the 23d P® -

To P®, for P® for the 28th P® - -

To P®, for P® for the 35th D® - - - *

To P®, for P® for the 5id D® -

To P®, for P° for the 67th P® -

To P®, for P®, for the 85th P® -To Mr. 7. Wallace, for D® for the 9th P® -

To P®, for P for the 2d Battalion of the 9th Regiment ——

To P®, for P® for the 3d Battalion of P®

To k®, for P® for the 10th Regiment of Foot To|D®, for P® for the 57 th D® -To p®, for D® for the 83d P" -

To D®, for P for the 90th P® -To Messrs. Davenport and Gilpin, for Great Coats for the 4ad Regiment of Foot ——

To P®, for P® for the 8ift P® -To P®, for P® for the 84th P® -To D®, for P for the ift Battalion of the and

Caithness Fencibles ——

To P®, for P® for the ift Battalion of Breadalbane P *

To P®, for P® for the 2d Battalion of P *

674 3 8

289 1 6

7 5 4 .8

1,224 7 9

389 7 1

1,234 4 9

344 8 10

341 5 7

33 8 10

39° 12 4

33 8 IO

307 11 9

339 12 4

38 7 5 6

86 5 3

627 7 6

33 8 3

348 12 2

405 11 —

388 5 6

34 1 10

34 1 4

333 7 3

333 3 3

34 6 9

333 3 3

333 3 3

5 +7 10 2

333 3 3

380 2 6

337 4 8

338 7 —

387 — 6

388 6 1

333 8 10

339 11 —

380 15 10

33 18 IO

333 9 IO

398 4 5

33 9 10

479 9 5

488 469 641 i 3 8 9 10

375 2 4

384 4 2

333 6 9

669 1 9

538 10 3

758 11 6

73 3 11

268 16 6

287 12 1

To Mons. DeCas Castel, for Losses while employed in the British Service in

Spain, by Lord Minto ----- - 174 11 —

To Messrs Con and Co. for Loss of Baggage of sundry Officers of the 1 ith Regiment of Foot, at the Evacuation of Toulon - 564 ix —

.1800.

3°>3 ot 17 —

To

40 Geo. III.

28° Jdnuarii.

79

Date of Pajrraenu.

799 January 19th.

23d.

28th.

29th.

February 7th.

£. s.

9thi

i^th.

18 th.

»2d. 28th. Mard? $th.

16th.

April 3d,

16 th.

20th.

May 7th.

To General Harcourt, to replace sundry Accoutrements and Horse Furniture of 22 Men of the 16th Regiment of Dragoons, font to the West Indies - - - -To Lieutenant John Wilson of the 28th Regiment of Foot, for Lois of Baggage on his Passage from Martinique -To Lieutenant General Balfour, for Lofiys of sundry Officers of the 39th Regiment'of Foot, at Guadeloupe -To Lieutenant Ellis Isles, of the 68th Regiment of Foot, for Losses sustained at the Evacuation of the Port of Gouyave, in Grenada, in 1799 To Lieutenant Ja‘. Armstrong, of the 46th D°, for D % on his Passage from Martinique -

To the Earl of Eglintoune, for Losses of sundry Officers of the 2d Dragoons on the-Continent ... To Francis Maguire, Surgeon of the 4th Regiment of Foot, for Medicines, for the Use of the said Regiment, and for the Lxds he sustained when taken by the

Enemy on his Passage -

To Major G. Smith, Commandant of the late Corsican Corps, for Loss of Clothing and Necessaries, when Corfca was evacuated -

To Lieutenant Edward Ormsby, of the 29th Regiment of Foot, for Lois of Baggage whilst serving as a Lieutenant in the late 99th Regiment of Foot, on his Passage from Deyierara.

To Ensign Gilbert M Donald, of the ift Battalion of the ift Regiment of Foot, for Losses 00 his Passage from Martinique ——

To Captain Cockbum, for Lois of Baggage at the Evacuation Toulon, where- he served as a Lieutenant in the 6mh Regiment of Foot . >.. .

To lyndry Officers for D % at die Evacuation of Stunt Lucia To Mr.-fi^indow, to be paid over to several Hospital M^tes, for Losses sustained 00 their. Passage to the West Indies - - - - -' - .

To Captain, B. M'Murdo, of the 8th Regiment of Foot, for the Loss of Baggage at the Surrender of Berville Camp - -

To Major £. Boland, of the 40th Regiment of Foot, for

Loss of Baggage, and of a Horie, at the Storming of the Camp in Saint Vincent' % -

To Captain G. F. Webb, of the late 93d D°, for D°, on his Passage from Demerarq To Sjir John Dqlling, to be paid over to Captain William Spread, of the 37th D°, for Necessaries purchased by him for the Grenadier Company of the said Regiment, lo$ in the W reck of the Dutton East Indiamao -To Captain Barslay, of the 38th Regiment of Foot, for Lots of Baggage when taken by the Enemy at Berville -Camp -

To Lieutenant Colonel James Craufurd, of the 98th D°, for D°, when taken by the Enemy on his Passage from The Cape of Goad U p ——

To Surgeon Andtrfon ,of the 4th- Battalion of the 60th Regiment of Foot, for D°, in the-Wreck of the London West Indiaman - -

To Lieutenant P. Gething, of the 8th Regiment of Foot, for D°, on his Passage from Martinique -

To General Grume, for replacing sundry Accoutrements of the 19th D°, loft on Service on the Continent To p % for -Losses of sundry Commissioned, Non-commifiiened Officers and Privates -of D° Regiment, on D° -

To Lieutenant 9 . Coffin, of the 9th Regiment of Foot, for Losses sustained at the Evacuation of Saint Lucia -To Captain f . Fothergill, of the 45th D°, for p°, when taken Prisoner on his Passage from Canada *

To Lieutenant H. C. Johnson, of the 56th D°, for Loss of D°, at Berville Camp -

To Ensign J. Gregg, of the 59th D°j for Loss of Dt, when taken by the Enemy

228 4 8 63 3-407 16 —

3 3 — 80 13 — 104 18 —

63 3 — 401 15 —

3 3 — 80 13 —

64 11 — 160 — - —

74 4 —

63 3 —

4 — —

3 3 -

H 9 9 3 3 —

78 3-

63 3 — 63 3 — 609 4 10

1,177 18 — 84 II — 41 a — 61 s 3 3 —

Vol. 55.

To

86

2

8° Januariu

Dates of Payment.

I/99.

May 7 th. Ju 6th.

July ad.

August 8 th.

17 th.

26th.

September 4th.

November 13th.

16th.

28th.

30th.

December 7th.

21ft.

July 3d. December 24th.

January 22d.

May 28th.

August 31st.

January 5th.

loth.

16th. March 9th. April 24th. May 3d. June 8th 13th. July 22d. August 27 th. October 4th. December 13 th.

21ft.

September 30th.

To Lieutenant William Garftin, of the 17th Dragoons, for Losses sustained when taken by the Enemy To Colonel J. Skerrett, as a Compensation for the Loss he sustained on the Sale of certain Articles of Clothing belonging to his late Corps To Baron Hompefcb, to reimburse him the Loss upon the Sale of 3,000 Shirts provided for his Regiment, which was reduced before the same could be used To James Poole., inspector of -Foreign Corps, for, Loss of Baggage whilst employed on Public Service on the Continent - - - _

To Messrs. Cox and Co. for Loss of Baggage of sundry Officers of the 69th Regiment of Foot at the Evacuation of Toulon - -

To Lieutenant General Ainflie, for Accoutrements of the 13th Regiment of Foot, loft on Service in the West Indies - -4 - - - - * "

To Lieutenant Colonel Koehler, for Loss of Baggage at the Evacuation of Toulon -

To Lieutenant Evan M‘Pberson, of the 92d Foot, for D % on his Passage to Jersey To Ensign J. Ellis, of the Invalids, for D®, on his Passage to D° — - — -

To Mr. C. Cox, for the Loss of Baggage of sundry Officers of Marines at the Evacuation of Toulon To Lieutenant William Wilde, of the Prince of Wales's own Fencibles, for Loss of Baggage when taken by the Enemy on his Passage (tom-Berwick -

To Lieutenants Sheppard and May, of the Marines, for Loss of D° at the Evacuation of Saint Lucia -. -To Messrs. Roft and Ogilvie, Agents to the t8th Regiment of Foot, for Loss of D of sundry Officers of that Regiment at the Evacuation of Toulon To Ensign William Minchin, of the New South Walts Corps, for Loss of D° on his Passage from Great Britain - - , - - - .

To Cornet Moore, of the York Hussars, for Loss of Baggage when taken Prisoner -

nf 3 —

300 ——

350 is 6

84 11 —

364 11 —

123 15 — 17 10 —

47 —

32 2 —

278 j8 —

63 3 — 10I 14 —

&9 4 11 —

3 3 ~

- 74 11 —

To the East India Company, for Expences in preparing for and carrying into Execution various Expeditions in India - - 200,000 — — -

To H. Inglis, Esq; Deputy Chairman of the East India Company, for small Arms delivered by the Company into His Majesty's Stores at the Tower - 31,395 19 4

To the Landgrave of Hejfe Darmstadt, for Three Months Subsidy, to 10th June 1797, under Treaty of 10th June 1796 -

To Count de Meuron, to complete the Sum due to him, as a foil Compensation for Services performed by him in the Island of Ceylon To E.J. Eckbardt, Esq; in Part of a Balance due to him as late Contractor to the Army on the Continent -

To Mr. Window, on Account, to enable him to pay Contingent Disburse-

ments.for Hospitals, &c.

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

D D'

D°,

D°,

D°,

D %

D°,

D %

D°,

To D % for D To D°, for D' To D°, for D

for

for

for

for

for

for

for

for

for

D

D®

D"

D°

D°

D®

D®

D®

D®

Service

Service

Service

Service

Service

Service

Service

Service

Service

Service

Service

Service

- 3/300 ——

- 3,000 — —

- 2,000 — -

- 4,000 ——

- 4,000 — —

- 2,000 — — 2,000 — —

- 3,000 — —

- 6,000 — —

- 3>S°° ——

- 11,500 — —

- 4,000 — —

- 5,000 —

To William Smith, Esq; Treasurer of the Ordnance, for Expences incurred by him in Payment of Fees on the Receipt of £. 500,000, in Exchequer Bills (which was afterwards applied to the Services of the Army) and by Loss on the Sale thereof - -

A1800.

— i 111 11«

£ St dm

7.987 10 3

3t»39S >9 4

4,812 10 —

30.000 — —

24.000 — — -

53,000 — —

#4,130 4-~

To

4-0 Geo. III.

a 8° Januarii.

81

Dates of Payments.

1799. "January 10th.

May 27 th. December 21ft,

"January aift

aid. February 2d.

March 12th.

To G. Gamier, Esqj Apothecary General, for Medicines, &c. for the Use

of the Fu/ces ----- -- 25,000 — —

To D°, for D° Service ----- - 25,000 — —

To D°, for D° Service ----- - 10,000 — —

l8th

April 3d,

November 12th

To General Scott, for Extra Expences gf himself and other cers, for House Rent, Forage, &c. in 1795, 1796, and

1797 ~ ....

To Sir William Pitt, for D°, in 1796 and 1797

To Sir Charles Grey, for D°, in 1795, ,79^> and 1797 -

To Lord George Lennox, for D % in D° Year *

To the Duke of Richmond, for D°, in the Year 1796 To Lieutenant Colonel G. F. Koehler, for the Hire of Ground for Encampments in the Southern Districts in

796 - ....

To Lord George Lennox, for Extra Expences of himself and other General Officers, for House Rent, Forage, &c. in 1797- -

To Sir William Howe, for D°, in 1795, 1796, 1797, and

1798 ——

To Sir William A. Pitt, for D°, in 1796 and 1797

To Sir Charlei Grey, for D°, in 1796, 1797, and 1798 -

To Marquis FownJjehd, for D°, in 1795 and 1796 -

To General Morris, for D°, in 1796 -

To Lieutenant General M byte. for D°, in 1796 To Lieutenant General Pcwell, for D°, in 1797 -To Lieutenant General Mujgrave, for 13°, in D" -To D°, for b°, in 1798 - -

To Lieutenant General Smith, for D°, in 1796

January ad.

Jd.

9th.

January 10 th.

30th. February 9th

Vol. 55.

To Colonel Torke, for the Half Yearly Allowance to the Deputy Lieutenants and other Officers of the Tower . To Sir V/illiam Fawcett, the Contingent fxpences of the Office of Adjutant General, to 24th December 1797 To A. bingletcn, for his Annual Allowance as Lieutenant

Governor of Landguard Fort, to D° - -

To Sir William Pitt, for D°, as Governor of Portsmouth, to 24th June 1796 -

To D°, for D°, to 24th June 1797 -

To the Earl of Eglintonne, for D", as Lieutenant Governor of Edinburgh CaUle, to 24th December 1796 To Colonel H. Calvert, for his Contingent Expences as Acting Deputy Quartermaster General, from 25th June to 24th December 1796 ——

To D°, for D°, as Deputy Adjutant General, to D°

To D°, for D°, as D°, from 25 th December 17 96 to 24th June 1797 ——

To D°, for D°, as D , from 25th June 1797 to 24th December 1797 -

To Colonel Brownrigg, Secretary to the Duke of Fork, for Contingent Disbursements, from D to D° -To Lieutenant Colonel Paterjon, for Extra Expences as Assistant Quartermaster General, from 25th December 1797 to 24th June 1798 -

To Mefirs. Cox and Co. on Account of Three Months Contingent Expences of the Commander in Chief's Office, to Christtnas 1798 -

To Lieutenant General D. Dundas, for his Contingent Expences as Quartermaster General, from 25th June to 24th December i-jy, To D°, for Extra Expences while superintending the Cavalry Exercise at Weymouth -To Sir William Fawcett, for the Contingent Expences of the Offices of Adjutant General, from 25th December 1797 to 24th June 1798 -

To Major D. Paterjon, for Extra Expences as Assistant Quartermaster General, from 25th December 1796 to 24th December 1797 ——

To Colonel H. Calvert, for his Contingent Disbursements as Acting Deputy Quartermaster General, from 25th December 1796 to 6 th March 1797 -

General Offi-

4,146 18 6

5,37 8 8

5>4'3 18 9

2,109 14 a

443 5 4

713 19 —

2,717 14 6

2,980 8 3

3>693 3 6

3 >9 3 j8 5

563 7 1

443 5 —

560 lS —

356 7 5

4i3 2 2

358 9 5

502 H 7

212 4 —

3i5 5 —

63 3 —

289 8 6

289 8 6

204 4 —

78 3 j ✓

78 3 —

78 3 —

78 3 —

9 —

io5 6 6

1,000 — —

234 4 —

"5 2 —

469 3 5

106 5 6

31 15 4

£- *

60,000 — — >

34,733 9 9

To

8

28° Januarii.

A. 1800,

Daces of Payment *

1799.

February 9 th

18th.

March 13th. A^ril3d

icth

July 10th 19th

August I Oil) 0 Holer2 ill

November 13th. January 5 th.

16 th. August 16th.

January 24th.

13th. December24th.

November 20th.

to the Duke of York, for Incidental Expences, from 25th June 1797 to 24th December following -

To Colonel H. Calvert, for his Contingent Disbursements as Deputy Adjutant General, "from 25th December 1797 to 24th June 1798 ——

To Lieutenant General David , as Quartermaster

General, from D° to D® - -

To R. Anstruther, for his Contingent Expences as Acting

Deputy Quartermaster General, from 7th March to 24th June 797 ——

To D°, for D°, from 25 th June to 24th December 1797 -To D", for D°, from 25 th December 1797 to 24th June 1798 - - - ' *

ToMeffis. Cox and Co. on Account of Three Months Contingent Exnences of the Commander in Chief's Office, to Lady Day 1798 -

To D®,‘on Account: of D°of the Adjutant General's Office, to 0° -

To D\ on Account of the Commander in Chief's Office, to Midsummer 1799 ——

To D % on Account of D® of the Adjutant General's

Office, to D°

To Sir William Fawcett, for the Contingent Expences of the Adjutant General's Office, from 25th June to 24th December 1798 ——

To Lieutenant General Dundas, for his Contingent Expences as Quartermaster General, from 25th June to 24th December 1798 - -

To MeiTrs. Cox and Co. on Account of Three Months Contingent Expences of the Commander in Chief's Office, to Michaelmas 1799 -

To D", on Account of D®, of the Adjutant General's Office, to D° - -

To Lieutenant Colonel Paterson, for Extra Expences as Assistant Quartermaster General, from 25th June to 24th December 1798 ——

16 3 3

7 83 — 234 4 —

85 14 4

78 3 —

05 3 —

1.000 -

160 ——

1.000 — — *

160 ——

427 — 10

234 4 ~

1.000 -

160 — —

100 — —

To Major General Fox, for the Amount of Expenditures at Chatham Barracks for Pay, Contingencies, See. to 24th December

1796..... 3.794 7 6

To D°, for D° Service, to 24th June 1797 - 3.164 17 10

To 7 . Rice, Surveyor of the Guards, for Work done at the Horse and Foot Guards, in the Year 1796 - 7,466 7 10

To D®, for D°, at the Foot Guards Rooms, Somerset

licuje. Barracks, Recruit House, &c. in D" - - 2,223 14 —

To D°, for D®, at the Horse and Foot Guards, in 1797 - 3,275 16 3

To D®, for his Trouble,-&c. in surveying and superin-tending the Building of the Barracks in Hyde Park, for the 1 ft Regiment of Life Guards

875 6 6

January 17th.

To William Gorton, Esq; for providing a Table for the Officers of the Life and Foot Guards on Duty at Saint James's, to 24th September 1798

To D°, for additional Duties on Wine purchased far D°,

Table, to 25th March 1798 -To D°, for D°, from 25th March to 24th September 1798 To D°, for providing D° Table, from 25th September 1798 to 24th March 1799 -

To D®, for additional Duties on Wine purchased for D®,

Tabie, from D® to D® - -

To D°, for D®, from 25 th March to 24th September 1799 To Messrs. Cox and Co. for an Allowance to the Captains of the Foot Guards, in lieu of a Table when on Duty at Saint James's, from 2d March to 31st December 1793

4.083 7 6

834 10 — 54 4 —

4.083 7 6

154 4 —

154 4 —

3,084 13 —

For 13 Months Contingent Allowances to the Field Officers and Captains of the Foot Guards, to 24th January 1800 -

To Mr. John Walter, for Printing, &c. various Regulations for the Use of the Army - - 141 15 8

ToD°, for D° Service - - - - 303 3 10

j£- s

9,718 6 2

6,959 5 4

I3>84i 4 7

12,548 10 — 14,317 12 6

To

40 Geo. III.

28" Jamarii.

83

Pates of Payments.

1?99 *

'January 18th.

22d.

29th.

31st.

February 2d,

7 th.

lath. 18 th.

March 1 ft.

14th.

April 2d.

3d

4th.

5th

10th.

25th.

29th.

May 7th.

june i9rh.

27th.

To Joseph Downes, for advertising Deserters in The

and-Cry and Police Gazette, between 20th October and 24th December 1797 - -

To the Duke of York, for Levy Money for an Augmentation to the Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards To Me firs. Eyre and Strahan, for Paper, Printing, Folding and Covering Acts of Parliament, for the Use of the Army ——

To the Representativesof Major General Samuel

to complete a Warrant for £. 11,576. 5 6 d. for Expences incurred by him on Account of Freight and Demurrage of Vessels, Passage, Victualling, &c. of Independent Companies, in 1793, .1794, and 1795 To Joseph Downes, for advertising Deserters in The -

Cry and Police Gazette, between the 18th August and ift of" October 1797-To Du, for D", between 13th January and 7th April 1798 To D°, for D", between lift July and 22d September 1798 To D°, for D°, between 13th October and 15th December

7?8 -.....- -

To Sir Charles Morgan, for the Rent of the Premisses occupied by him, in lieu of his Apartments at the Horse Guards, from 25 th December 1796 to 24th December 1797 To the Duke of Gloucester, to reimburse the Expences of a Law Suit against the Parish of Saint Pancras, for refusing to quarter Men of the ift Regiment of Foot Guards -To Sir Ralph Abercromby, for the Expences incurred by him, on being inverted with the Order of the Bath To Lieutenant General Scott, for One Year's Allowance, to 24th December 1793, for additional Coals and Candles for the Guards doing Duty at -

To D°, for One Year's D°, to 24th December 17 94, for D°

To D®, for One Year's D°, to 24th December 1795, for D° To D°, for Allowance to 31st August 1796, for D°

To Messrs. Perry, Sons, and Green, for the Embarkation of 2,212 Cavalry, between August 1793 and 31st August

179+.....-

To Colonel Hope, for his Allowance as Lieutenant Governor of Edinburgh Castle, in lieu of Emoluments, from 10th January to 24th June 1798 To Major Thomas Jones, for the Marches, of his late Independent Company, from 30th April 1781 to 23d February 1782 -

To Colonel Yorke, for the Half Yearly Allowance to the Deputy Lieutenant and ether Officers of the Tower to 24th June 1798 ——

To Messrs. Kofs and Ogihie, for Expences incurred by the Maiquisof Buckingham, it Bristol, for the Public Service To Francis Jarry, to enable him to efta'olish a Military School in Great Britain -

To Richard Barry, for his Care and Trouble jn paying Continental Claims in 1797 -

To Messrs. Cox and Co. to indemnify Major of

the late 94th Foot, for the Value of a Company, and Major IV. Maync, of the 21st Dragoons, for the Value of a Lieutenancy ——

To Mr. Ja'. IVyatt, for Repairs done at the Office of the

Secretary of State for the War Department To C. Nesbitt, for Expences attending the Troops Rationed at Gravesend, on Account of the Mutiny in the Fleet at

The Nore ——

To the Earl of Eglintoune, for his Allowance as Lieutenant Governor of Edinburgh Cartle, in lieu of Emoluments, from 25th December 1796 to 10th January 1798 ——

To the Reverend Ja'. IRdgJon, for One Year's Rent of the Ministers House in the Savoy, hired for the Use of the Forces, to 24th December 1798 To J. Downes, for advertising Deserters in The Hue-and-Cry and Police Gazette, between 5th January and 30th March 1799 ——

101 17 10

2,205 ——

601 9 8

507 16 4

68 10 —

125 15 5

102 19 4

99 5 6

345 5 -

81 17 1

39 o5 11

24 2 —

24 2 —

24 2 —

15 2 7

279 II —

9 2 2 85 17 10

212 4 - -

41 1 1 150 -

-103 3 —

1,900 — — 112 12 9

518 14 2

213 10 3 4 2 —

127 IS -

L

s. d.

'OL.

55-

To

84

a8Q Janu.

A. 1800.

Dates of Payments.

799-July 12th.

19th.

August 21 ft.

23d.

27th.

Sept embe 17th.

0 Bober 16 th November 9th. December 6th.

To Will. Pollock, Esq; to defray the Fees paid on the Appointment of Lieutenant General Stewart to be a Knight of the Bath - - - 385 14 ll

To Colonel Torke, for the Half Yearly Allowance to the Deputy Lieutenant and sundry other Officers of the Tower, to 24th of December 1798 - - - - 212 4 —

To Messrs. Eyre and Strahan, for Paper, Printing, Folding, and Covering Acts of Parliament, for the Use of the Army - 615113

To L. Morje, Esq; for carrying on, for One Year to

Jummer 1799, a progressive Lift of the Commissions of all the Officers of the Army - - - 103 3 —

To Sir Will. Fawcett, for Alterations in the Accoutrements and Appointments of the 3d Regiment of Dragoon Guards - 380 12 5

To Lieutenant Governor Singleton, for his Annual Allowance to 24th December 1798, as Lieutenant Governor of Landguard Fort - 63 3 —

Toy. Downes, for advertising Deserters in Th

and Police Gazette, between 20th April and 2 id June

1799 ---- ---- - 108 8 8

To Messrs. Con and Co. on Account of Pay of Deserters,

&c. subsisted at Chatham Barracks, by Order of Government ----- -- - 3,700 — —

To Peter Le Mejurier, for the Balance of his Account as Governor of Alderney, from 18th April 1793 to 16th March 1795 - - - - 41 15 —

To the Duke of Argyll, for Levy Money for the Augmentation to the 3d Regiment of Foot Guards, in Part of a Warrant for £.2,205. - - - - 2,105 15 —

AMOUNT of the Distribution of the Sum voted for Extraordinary in 1799 - -

December 6 th.

following Sums have been

In Addition to the above, the paid} viz.

To the Duke of Argyll, for Levy Money for the Augmentation to the 3d Regiment of Foot Guards, to complete a Warrant lor £.2,205.

On Account of the Charge of the several Black Corps lor Service in the West Indies in 1799 -

c

tm d.

16,860 — 8

2»S°0, C00 --- —

99 5 — 34,307 11 9

34>4°6 i 6 9

The following SUMS have been paid into the Bank of England, on Account of the Right Honourable the Paymaster General; which will satisfy the above Sum of ,£.34,406. i6j. 5

1798. Received of Mr. Ranee, Secretary to Vice Admiral Waldegrave C. ,s. d.

December 28th. /o / 107 15 6 12,208 14 1

31st. By Isaac Phipps, Esq; Deputy Paymaster in the West Indies -

799-March 20th. By D. Thomas, Esq; late Deputy Paymaster in America 3,000

May 27 th. By William Mitford, Esq; - - - 45° — —

December 20th. By Messrs. Gordon and Johnston, Executors to the late Alexander Deputy Paymaster in Saint Doming0 ----- - 30,000

45j?66 9 7

Expended as above brought forward 34,406 16 9

Remains unexpended, which may be applied towards the Extraordinaries} of the Army for the Year 1800 ----- - L 11,359 12 10

Pay Office, Horse Guards,

28 th January 1800. P. George Craufurd,

Accountant.

Cambridge and Derbr Debtors Pcti-tiox.

Milton Iftdo-lure Petitions.

-Seven oaks,&e. JRoads Petition.

40 Geo. III. 38 0 Janua85

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Persons now confined for Debt iri Cambridge County Gaol: And also,

A Petition of the several Debtors now confined in His Majesty's Gaol for the County of Derby

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distreis, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Samuel Knight, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Milton, in the County of , the Re-

verend Thomas Key, Rector of the said Parish, and several Other Persons, Owners and Occupiers of Dilates in the Parish of Milton, in the said County of was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Parish several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds, which lie intermixed and dispersed,.and inconveniently situated with respect to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, £nd, in their present State, incapable of any beneficial or considerable Improvement; and that it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested in such Lands and Grounds, if the same were divided, allotted, and inclosed, to and amongst them, in Proportion to their Rights and Interests: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall deem equitable and proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in A Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Charles Yorke and General Adeane do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Flatties ard thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Act, passed in t.ie Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing, amending, and rendering more effectual, so much of Three Acts, for repairing the Roads from Seve, Tunbridge Wells, and

Kipping's Crop, to Lam her bioJlPound and Hill,

in the County of Kent, and to in the County of Sit fix, as relates to the Road leading from Sevcnoaks Common to Woodsgate, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's Cross, in the said County of Kent, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Tunbridge Welts to Woodsgate aforesaid, tv as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees, appointed by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken on the Road leading from Common

to Woodsgate, Tunbridge Wells, and Crops, and from Tunbridge Wells to Woodsgate aforesaid, which Money still remains due; and that the said Roads cannot be completely amended, widened,- and kept in Repair, and the said Debts he discharged, unless the Term of the said Act be continued with respect to the said Eoads, the Powers thereof enlarged, and some further Tolls granted: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for eflcdling the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

VOL.55.

And it is referred to Sir William Geary, Sir Edward Kmtchbull, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

4

Lord Viscount Hinchingbrookpresented lo the House,

according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Bythorn, in the County of Huntingdon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill tb indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes; to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Ad-millions have been omitted to be llamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been loft or mif-laid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the fame; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to thfe Clerks of the Peace within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for that Purpose: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Rope, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, shewing the Amount of the Monies which would have been applicable to the Expences of His Majesty's Civil Government, if the Hereditary and Temporary Revenues of the Crown, enjoyed by his late Majesty, had been enjoyed by His present Majesty, from thb 5th of January 1777 to the 5th of January 1800, so far as the same can be made up; — distinguishing each Year, and the Net Produce of each of the said Revenues, so far as the same can be ascertained: — Shewing also, the Amount of the Annuity received by His Majesty, during the same Period, in lieu of tlioje Revenues; — and the Amount of the Monies granted by Parliament, during the said Period, for the Dilclmrge of the Civil List Debts; — and the Difference to the Public upon the Balance of the said Account.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the Public Accountants whose Accounts have been delivered into the Office of the Commissioners for Auditing the Public Accounts since the 5th of July 1785; — l'pecifying their Names and Services, and the Progress made upon their respective Accounts delivered in; together with the Time when delivered in Hated, or declared l'pecifying also the Total Amount of the Charge and Discharge contained in their respective Accounts, as delivered in, and the Balances thereon; the Monies paid upon each Account, previously to the same being Hated to the Treasury; the Balances due upon the several Accounts examined and llated; the Monies paid between the Stating and Declaration; the Balances due upon Declared Accounts, and the Monies paid to the Public thereon since the Declaration; so far as the lame, can be ascertained, either by the said Commissioners, or by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty' Tfta-fury.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the Public Accountants whole Accounts have been delivered into the Office of the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army since the 5th of January 1793; — Ipccifying their Names and Services, and the Progress

Z . made

Bvfhom Inclostue Bill, prel'catecL

Indemnity Bill, ordered *

Accounts or det ed j

Hereditary and Temporary Ke venues.

Public Accountants,

D».

86 a8° — 290 Jamarii.1800,

Arrears from Officers of the Customi.

JD#- - - Excise.

D° - - - from Distributors of Stamps.

Balances in the Hands of D°.

Arrears from Receivers of Land and Af-sessed Taxes.

!>--- from Officers of the Post Office.

Balances of Deputy Post-matters.

D.

made upon their respective Accounts, together with the Time when they were respectively delivered in, and reported upon to the Treasury; specifying also the Total Amount of the Charge and Discharge contained in their respective Accounts, as delivered in, and the Balances thereon; and the Balances severally reported to be due, and the Amount and Date of the Payments which have been made in Discharge thereof; lo far as the same can be ascertained by the said Comptrollers, or by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears due on the 5 th of January 1800, from the Officers of the Customs in Great Britain, from the 5th of January 1774, so far as th6 same can be made up; — distinguishing the Names of such Officers, and in what Situations they were or are employed, the Sums originally due from them, and when, — and the Amounts and Dates of the Payments which' have been made in Discharge thereof.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears due on the 5th of January 1800, from the Officers of Excise in Great Britain, from the 5th of January 17 74, so far as

the same can be made up; — distinguishing the Names of such Officers, and for what Collections, and in what Capacity they are or were employed; the Sums originally due from them, and when, and the Amount and Dates of the Payments which have been made in Discharge thereof.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears due on the 5th of January 1800, from the Distributors of Stamps in Great Britain, from the 5th of January 1774, so far as the same can be made up; — distinguishing the Names of such Distributors, and for what Counties they are or were employed, the Sums originally due from them, and when; — -and the-Amount and Dates of the Payments which have been made in Discharge thereof.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Account of the Net Balances in the Hands of the Distributors of Stamps in Great Britain on the 10th Day of October 1799, and on the 5th of January 1800, respectively; — distinguishing the Names of the Distributors, and for what Counties, and the Amount of their respective Disbursements, for Incidents, Poundage, and Parliamentary Allowances or Discounts.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears due, on the 5th of January 1800, from the Receivers General of the Land and Afieffed Taxes in Great , from the

5th of January 1774, so far as the same can be made up; — distinguishing the Names of such Receivers, and for what Places they are or were Receivers, the Sums originally due and when; — and the Amount and Dates of the Payments which have been made in Discharge thereof.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Amount of Arrears due, on the 5th of January 1800 from the Officers of the Post Office in Great Britain, from the 5th of January 1774, so far as the same can be made up; — distinguishing the Names of such Officers, and in what Situation they are or were employed, the Sums originally due from them, and when 1 — and the Amount and Dates of the Payments which have been made in Discharge thereof.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Balances in the Hands of the Deputy Postmasters in Great Britain on the 5th of July and the 10th of October 1799, and on the 5th of nuary 1800, respectively; — distinguishing their Names, and for what Places, and the Amount of their respective Disbursements and Allowances, during the Quarters federally ending upon the 5th of July and 10th of October .1799, and 5th of January 1800.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Amount of the Balances due from the Deputy Postmasters in England, Scotland, Dublin, and the West Indies; and also, of the Balances due from the

Penny Post Office, and from the Receiver General, upon the 5th of January 1799, and the 5th of January 1800, respectively — or at the latest Annual Period to which the same can be made up.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Amount of the Balances due, on the 5th of January 1800, from the several Persons employed in receiving or collecting the Revenues of the Crown Lands, from the 5th of January 1774, so far as the same can be made up; — distinguishing the Names of such Persons, and for what Branches or Districts they are or were employed, — the Balances due from them respectively upon the last making up Of their Account, — the Date from whence such Balances respectively began to accrue, and the Periods to which the same were computed — together with this Amount and Dates of the Payments which have been since made in Discharge thereof.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Wheat, Wheat Flour, Oats; Oatmeal Barley and Rye, imported into Great *

from all Parts; — distinguishing the Years, the Places from whence and where imported from the Year 1794 to the latest Period.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurit, 290 die;

Anno 46° Georgii IIF" Regis, 1800.-'

Prayers.

SI R Edmund Cradock Hartopp reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester, in the County of to the Town of Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the said County,

was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz. 1

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Ashby, in the said

County, and also the Act passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, were read; And *

Mr. William Heyrickbeing examined, said. That the

Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts have proceeded in the Execution of the Powers thereby vested in them, and have from Time to Time for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit' of the Tolls thereby granted; which Money is still owing, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Road properly amended, kept in Repair, and improved, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls varied and increased.

Ordered,

Balances of

Persons collecting tire i<e venue of the Crown Land

Account of Wheat, &c. importcJ, or-deicd.

Leicester and Ashby-de-la-Zouch Roads Petition, reported.

40 Geo. IIL 2q Januaril87

Older ed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, and in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester, in the County of ,to the Town of

Ashby-de-la-Xouch, in the said County: And that Sir

Edmund Cradock Hartopp anJ Mr. Keck do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Maty, Op. Mr. Charles Yorke reported from the Committee, td

whom the Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, lying within the several Pari (lies of

<A. Maitey, Upwdl, WelneyDown ham, IVitcham, and in a

certain extra-parochial Place in Byal Fen, within the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Drainage Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Placej and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands in the several Parishes above-mentioned, was read; whereby it appeared, that the said Lands contain in the Whole about Six Thou land Seven Hundred Acres (Nine Hundred and Thirty Acres whereof, or thereabouts, are Commonable Lands, and the left Severals) and which Lands are particularly described and bounded in and by the said Act, with Power to late and affels the same in any Sum or Sums of Money; sot exceeding One Shilling and Six Pence per Acre per Annum, to defray the Expence of Drainage: Then,

Mr. William Dunn being examined, laid, That pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, Banks, Engines; and other Works, have been made and erected at a considerable Expence, and that the Money authorized to be raised as aforesaid hath been found infuflkient to de fray the Expence of the said Works, whereby the said Commissioners have contrafted Debts to a considerable Amount, which Hill remain due and unpaid; and that the said Works are become of late Years greatly de cayed, and it is deemed necessary that an additional Tax should be laid upon the Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and that a certain Sum of Money should be borrowed to enable the said Commissioners to repair the said Banks, Engines, and other Works, and to pay off t-he Debts in Curred as aforesaid.

And the Witness added. That in order to enable the Commissioners effectually to embank, drain, and preserve the said Lands and Grounds, it will be necessary that several Amendments and Alterations iliould be made in the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill fot altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, in the several Parishes " of Money, Upzvell, Welney, Downham, and in

" a certain extra-parochial Place in Byal Fen, within the " Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge And that Mr. Charles Yorke and General Adeane do prepare, and bring in, the fame.'

Haworth, A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was prel'ented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, in the several Parishes of Hanzvorlk, Fe/tham, and in the County of Middlesex, divers Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, and divers Waste Lands and Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which are intermixed Voi. 55.

and inconveniently fitbated, and, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were divided, and specific Shares thereof made, set out, and allotted, to the several Persons interested there , in, it would be of great Advantage to them, and also of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr Mainwaring and Mr; Byng do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp repbrted from the Com Leicester arid mittee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, ^c^RoaS 1" whole Names are thereunto subscribed; being Trustees Petition, «-for putting in Execution Two Acts, passed in the P°rwd-Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the Road from the Borough of Leicester to the Town of Narborough, and from Leicester to Hinckley, in

the County of Leicester, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Leicester to,

and from Leicester to Coventry, and from thence through Kenilworth to Warwick, and from thence to Halford Bridge, and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon, and from Coventry to Martin s Gutter leading towards Stone-leigh Town; and for supplying an Omission in an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Leicester to Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the County of Leicester, was read; whereby it appeared, that the said Roads were divided into several Districts; and separate Trustees appointed for the Care of each; the Road from the Borough of Leicester to the Town of Narborough, and from Leicester to Hinckley being the First District.

Then the other Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to explain, amend, and render more effectual the said Act, l'o far as the same relates to the said First District, was also read: And,

Mr; William Heyrick being examined, said. That the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts for the said First District, haV t proceeded in the Execution of the Powers thereby vested in them, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken oh that District: — That the Money so borrowed cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads properly amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts, with respect to the said District, is continued, and the Tolls varied and increased.

And the Witness added, That the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts being found in many Respects de-festive, it would be more convenient to the Trustees, and beneficial to the said District of Roads, if the said Acts, so far as the same relate thereto, were repealed, and further and other Powers granted instead thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving, the Road from the Borough of Leiceji, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Narborough, and from the said Borough of Leicester to the Town of Earl Shilton, and from

Salhouse In clofarc Peti-Cion.

Birkin Drain age and Incloihre Petition.

Bloxham In^ closure Bill, presented.

Normanton upon Trent Inclosure Petition.

88 a90 Januarii. A. 1800.

from the said Town of Earl Shilton to the Town of Hinckley, in the said County: And that Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp and Mr Keck do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names ire thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the Panlh of in

the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, certain Commons and Waste Lands, which, in their present State, are incapable of Improvement, but, if the same were divided, allotted, and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the several Persons interested there-in, according to their several and respective Rights, they would derive great Advantage therefrom: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Aftley and Mr. John Put do prepare, and bring in, the same *

A Petition of the Reverend George Rector of

the Parish of Birkin, in the West Riding of the County of York, and of the several other Persons thereunder-ligned, Proprietors of Estates within the Township of Birkin, having Right of Common upon the Commons and Waste Lands within the said Township, on Behalf ef themselves and the other Proprietors of Estates within the said Township, was presented to the House, and tead; Setting forth. That there are within the said Township certain Commons and Waste Lands, which are capable of much Improvement by Drainage and Inclosure, but, in their present uncultivated State, are of little Value; and that it would be a great Advantage if the same were drained and inclosed, and an additional Benefit to the Proprietors of Estates within the said Township, if their Estates were exonerated from Tythes, and full Compensation made for the fame, and also, if proper Powers were given to drain and improve such Estates; and that there are within the said Township certain Embankments, which would be of much greater Utility if the same were raised and repaired, and Provisions made for upholding them in future: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to effetft the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as the House shall judge proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. force, &c.: And they are to meet upon Friday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. John Fane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, lying within the Parish of Bloxham, in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Parish of Normanton upon 'Trent, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, divers Open and Uninclosed Arable F'ields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, containing, by Estimation, 750 Acres, or thereabouts, and that it would be of great

5

Advantage to the several Persons interested therein, to have the same divided, allotted, regulated, and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, regulating, and inclosing, the said Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the said Parish of Normanton upon Trent, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pierrepont and Mr. John Denison do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execution Two Atfts of Parliament, One made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty's Reign, and the other in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Chapel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Newhaven, and from the Four Lane Ends near thorpeto Ashbsnrn\ and from the Crois'Polt on Moor to join the Road leading from to

en-le-Frith, at or near Longjion, in the County of and from Selston to AnnejleyWoodhouse, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the'House, and read; Setting forth. That several Sums of Money have been borrowed upon the Credit of the Toils authorized to bO colletfted upon the said Roads, and applied in repairing the fame, and the Money so borrowed ilill remains due, together with a considerable Arrear of interest thereon; and that the Term of the said Acts is near expiring, and the Money so borrowed and due as aforesaid cannot be paid oft', or the Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term be further continued, the present Tolls increased, and some Amendments and Alterations made in the said Acts: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending the said Acts, and continuing the same for such further Term as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pierrepont, Mr. Parker Coke, &c.: And they are to meet upon Friday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, and who are con lined for Debt in His Majesty's Gaol of the County of ", in the Castle of Chester, in the said County: And also,

A Petition of the several Debtors confined in Ills Majesty's Gaol the Castle of York, in and for the County of York;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Tabic.

Mr. Elford reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunder-signed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to te-port the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Tabic: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Georgexha Second, and the Seventeenth Year of

Nottingham Roads Pcti lion.

Chr<Vr a '- York Deb c: Petition.

Brent Bridge Rond P reported.

40 Geo. III. 290 Januarii- — 3 89

of His present Majesty, for repairing the High Road Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon thd leading from Brent Bridge, in the County of Devon, to Table, to be pertifed by the Members of the House-.

Gajking Gate, in or near the Borough of Plymouth, in the Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said

said County, was read: And, Account be printed, as shall be sufficient (of the li e of

Mr. HenryfVooltombe being examined, said; That the the Members of the House.

Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said The laid Account is preferred amongst the other

Aits, and have borrowed, on the Credit of the Tolls Papers erf this Seffiori.

thereby granted, £. 6,700, which still remains due and.

owing, and cannot be repaid unless the Term and A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names art Hoimptop In, Powers of the said Acts be further continued, altered, thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and Here- and enlarged. - ditaments, within the Township of HoMyion, in tire Pa- *

Ordered, That I^ave be given to bring in a Bill for rilhes of Hofmpton and Hollym cum in

enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Aits, the'One tieji, in the East Riding of the County of Was prt-» made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late fented to the House, arid read 1 Setting forth, That thert Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the are within the said Town ship of Holmyton several Oped Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and Uninck>fed Fields, containing together 960 Acres-j for repairing the High Road leading from Brent Bridge, or thereabouts, wherein the Lands of the fefpeitive Pfo- -in the County of Devon, to Ga/ktng Gate, in or near the prietors are intermixed and dispersed in final! Parcels;

Borough of Plymouth, in the said County: And that and, in their present Situation, incapable of arty confix Mr. Eiford and Mr. Jeffery do prepare, and bring in, the derable improvement, but, if the same were divided and fame. irtdofed, and spedfic Shares thereof allotted to the feve *

Htmpdmd A Petition of the Ministers, Churchwardens, and Poor Petition. Overseers of the Poor, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint John, -» ft end, in the County of was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth. That the present Work-house, belonging to the said Parish, is not sufficiently large to contain the numerous Poor belonging thereto, v and is become in so ruinous and decayed a State, as to

render their Continuance therein not only very dangerous, but prejudicial to their Health and Comfort; and that, if Power was given to build or provide a Workhouse for the said Parish, and to furnish and regulate the fame, and to govern and employ the said Poor, and for railing Monies sufficient for those Purposes, by Annuities or otherwise, the Rates for their Relief would be rendered much leis burthensome to the said Parish, and the Poor be better maintained and provided for: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Mailer of the Rolls, Mr. John Fane, &c.: And they are to meet upon Friday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Consideration. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into of KiiufjMef- Consideration His Majesty's most Gracious Message of fcrred. ' ° Wednesday last; and alto, the several Papers which were

that Day presented- to the House by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty's Command, be flow read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered \That His Majesty's said most Gracious Mefc sage, and also the said' Papers, be taken mfo Consideration upon' Monday Morning next.

Account of The House being informed that Mr. Gell (from the Taw, npre- Exchequer) attended at the Door, he whs called in; tented.' and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Net Produce of all the Permanent Taxes existing before the Year 1793, and also the Taxes imposed in each subsequent Year, taken for Two Years, ending respectively upon 5th January 1799 and 5th January 1800.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the skid Account was read *

Vol. 55.

ral Persons interestad therein, the same would be very advantageous to the several Proprietors, amd of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may bt given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and In-doling, the said several Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds,. and for making a Compenfetinn in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of the ancient inclosed Lands within the said Township, under such Restrictions and Regulations as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr *

Wilberforce and Mr. Henry La/celles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors of Carlton and Lands and Estates, within the several Townfirips of Cambjesforth Carlton, in the Parish of Snaitk, and Camblesftrtk, in the titton.1 Parish of D>ax, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Townships, several Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners, and others, which, in their present State, are incapable of being properly cultivated and improved; but, if the same were divided and io-closed, and specific Allotments made to the Persons interested therein, the same might be considerably im-r proved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-doling, the said Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and subjedk to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.:

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Wilberforce and Mr. Henry LafceUes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, not- Committee to withstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned rill Monday Motoring next, Ten of the; Clock. ..

Lutus, 30 die Februarit j

Anno 40° Georgia 1II, U Regis, 1800.

Praters.

AP ET f TIO N of the several Persons, whose Names Mepaii, w;.

are thereto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves ^n>&c-and others. Proprietors of Lands, within the District thereafter mentioned, was presented to the House, and

A a read;

Manfcr, Up-well, Sec. Drainage Bill presented.

90 30 Februarii,. i'8co.

read } Setting forth, That by an Act, parted in thet Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Ring George the Second, for draining and preferring certain fen Lands, in the Isle of and County of lying between The Hundred Foot River and the and bounded on the South by the hard Lands of Wichatn, Wentworth, Wichford, Ely, Doxvnham, and -

forty and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the (jreat Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands, lying within the Limits, aforesaid, commonly called Inverted Lands, certain Commissioners are appointed for putting the said Act in Execution, and the Fen Lands and Low Grounds therein comprized are taxed, and made chargeable with a Yearly Sum, for every Acte thereof, until all the Money, which should be borrowed for the Purposes of the said Act, with the Interest: thereof, should be discharged; and that the Commissioners, appointed by virtue and in pursuance of the said Act, made several Cuts, Drains, and Outlets, and ereSed several Engines, and made several Banks, and did other Works, in, through, and upon, the Lands and Fen Grounds in the said Act mentioned, for draining and preserving the fame, and assessed the said Lands and Grounds with the several Rates and Taxes authorized by the said Act; and that the said Commissioners have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Security of the Rates and Taxes chargeable upon the said Lands and Grounds, in the said Act mentioned, and have assigned over the said Rates and Taxes, for securing the Monies so borrowed, with the Interest thereof, and a considerable Debt now remains due upon the: Assignment of the said Rates and Taxes, and otherwise, on Account of the said Lands and Grounds; and that the said Lands and Grounds might be further greatly improved, by additional Works :.of Drainage, but the Rates and Taxes, authorized to be raised by the said Act, have been found insufficient for the Payment of the Interest of the Monies borrowed, and for maintaining and keeping in Repair; the present Works and the Powers given to the said Commissioners are also found, to be insufficient for ,the effectual Drainage and Preservation of the said Lands and Grounds, and the Mode of appointing the Commissioners is fouod to be inconvenient, and it is therefore necessary to repeal certain Parts of the said Act, and to -make some Alterations and Amendments therein, and -also . to make some further additional new Works and -Drains, for the more effectual draining and preserving of dhe laid Lands and Grounds, and to lay additional Taxes -thereon, in order to raise Money to answer the said Purposes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to hring in a Bill to alter, explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said Act, and to repeal certain Parts thereof, and for laying such additional Taxes on the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and for such other Purposes, as thall.be thought meet.,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they,.do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is..referred to Mr.. Charles General

Adectne,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the.Clock, in the1 Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

‘Mr. Charles Yorke presented to- the House, according to Order, a Bill for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made.in the.Tiventy-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, " An " AS for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, in the several Parishes of MoneyUpzvell, W-

" ham, Witckam, and in a certain extra-parochial Place in " Byal Fen, within the file of and County of " bridgeAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the winchester, Prison at Winchester: And also, Fleet, Liver-

A Petition of several Persons confined for Debt in r°j'n,?, His Majesty's Prison of The Fleet i And also, ... Petitions^ °' A Petition of the Debtors confined in the Borough Gaol of Liverpool: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Castle of Oxford;

Were severally presented to the H 'use, and read;

Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table. 1

Sir Edmtifid Cradock Hartopp presented to the House, Lrcrfter and according to Order, a Bill for more crtfeSually repairing, widening, and improving, the Roads from the Bill, pr«-Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, to the f nKd Town of Narborough, and from the said Borough of eester to the Town of Earl Shilton, and from the said Town of Earl Shilton to the Town of Hinckley, in the said County:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Edmund Cradock Hartcpppresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, Zouch Roads and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, and em in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Borough of in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Afuby - de-la-7, ouch, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing, amending, and rendering more effectual, so much of Three Acts, for repairing the Roads from Tunbridge

Wt ells, and Kipping's Cross, to Lamberhurf Potvid and

Pullen s Hill;in the County of Kent, and to Vent, in the County of Sujfx, as relates to the Road leading from Sevenoaks Common to Woodfgafe, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's Cross, in the said County of Kent,

and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Tunbridge Well to Woodfgateaforesaid, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative so Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition-, and had direS.ed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, t^p the Hoyfe: And be read the Re-v port in.his Place.;-jand afterwards delivered jt in at the Clerk^s.Table: Where the same was read; and isasfol-lpweth; viz.....lr

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of she Reign of His present Majesty, was read; and , M being

examined, find, That by virtue, of the said Acts, the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken on., the Road leading from Sevenoaks Common to W, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's Cross-, and from Tunbridge Wells to gate aforesaid; which Money still remains due; and that the said Roads cannot be completely amended, widened, and kept in Repair, and the said Debts be discharged, unless the Powers of the said Act of the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, with respect to the said Roads,' be enlarged, and some further Tolls granted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for increasing the Tolls authorized to be taken on the Road

leading

Sevenoaks,

See. Roads Petition, repo ued.

Than and Medway Canal Petition *

Leonrinster Roads Petition *

40 Ge6. III. 30 Februarii, '

91

leading from Sevenoaks Common to the Market House in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; but, if the Tunbridge Town, by an Act, passed in the Thirty-third- same were Turnpike, and included in the said intended Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repair- Act, it would be a great Convenience and Advantage to ing the Road leading from Sevenoaks Common to Woods- all Persons passing along the fame, or redding nearthere-gate, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's Cr ofs, in theCoun- to: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to

ty of Kent, and from Tunbridge Wells to Woodjgate bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid; in' aforesaid: And that Sir William Geary and Mr. Beau- such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restric-mont do prepare, and bring in, the fame. tions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Confederation of a Committee: And that they do exa-thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall Estates in the County of Kent, was presented to the appear to them, to the House:

House, and read; Setting forth, That the making and And it is referred to Mr. Pollen, Mr. Burrow,:

maintaining of a Canal, with Bafonsand Reservoirs, na- And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of vigable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from the the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power

River Thames, near to, and on the East Side of, the to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Town of Gravesend, in the County of Kent, in the Parish of Milton, next Gravesend, in the said County, to; A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Ctmlejr, Src. the River Medway, at or near to a certain Place called thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of p^fur p"^ Nieholfon's Ship Yard, in the Parish of Frindsbury, in the divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, within the thion. said County, through the several Parishes of Denton, Parishes of and Hajftngkam, in the County of

Chalk, Higham, Shorne. and Cliff, in the said County, Norfolk, to which are appendant or appurtenant Rights of

and also the making and maintaining of a collateral Ca- Common over and upon the Commons and Waste nal or Cut, with Basons and Reservoirs, for the Navi- Grounds within the said Parishes, was presented to the gation of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from or near House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within to a certain Point in the said intended Line of Canal the said Parishes certain Commons and Waste Grounds,» called White Wall, in the said Parish of Frindsbury, to and a large Tract of Marsh Land; and that the said

the River Medway, at or near to White Wall aforesaid, Marsh Land, and the greater Part of the said Commons. would not only greatly facilitate and render less expen- and Waste Grounds, have been frequently overflowed five the Conveyance of Goods, Wares, and Merchan- with Water, and, in their present State, yield but little dize, between the Cities of London and Rochester (as a Profit; and it would be advantageous to the several Per-long and circuitous, and sometimes dangerous. Navi- fons interested if the said Commons and Waste Grounds gation in the open Sea would be avoided) but would were divided, and specific Parts and Shares thereof al-aliotend to promote the Improvement and better Culti- lotted, according to their respective Rights and Interests, vation of the circumjacent Country, by the Conveyance and if the said Marsh Land, and such Parts of the said of Manure, and would otherwise be of great Public- Commons and Waste Grounds, as are liable to be over-Utifity: And therefore praying, That Leave may be flowed with Water, were drained: And therefore pray-given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, by ing, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations and Purposes above-mentioned, under such Regulations and Diieftions, as to the House shall seem most meet. . Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear, to them, to the House: appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Geary, Sir Edward And it is referred to Mr. Aflley, Mr. Frere, r Knatihbull, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow And they are, t<J meet' Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of Morrting, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham- the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power ber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and t6 fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing several Acts, passed for amending and keeping in Repair several Roads leading from the Town of Leominster, in the County of Hereford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees, appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and made a Progress in amending the said Roads, and have for that Purpose borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken on the said Roads; and that the Roads are Hill in many Places very much out of Repair and incommodious, and the Powers and Provisions contained in the said Acts have been found very defective, and- insufficient for the Purpose of effectually repairing and maintaining the said Roads; and it is therefore expedient that all the said Acts should be repealed, and further and other Powers and Provisions granted instead thereof in one Act; and that the-Road from Ivington's Bridge, in the Parish of Leominster, to or near a Place called Knaptons Green, or Bush Bank, in the Parish of

Birley, and also the Road from Caldowell in the Parish of Bodenham, to a Place called Stretton's Bridge, in the Parish of Stretton Granfcm (over the River Froome) are very much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be properly amended, improved, and kept in Voi.. 55.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Thorpe in-thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of dofure P t»-divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, within the tion *

Parish of Thorpe next Norwich, in the County of Norfolk, and in the County of the City of Norwich, to which are appendant or appurtenant Rights, of Common over and upon the Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, certain Commons and Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, yield but little Profit, and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested, if the Rights of Sheepwalk and Common, which the said Commons and Waste Grounds are at present subject to, were extin- guished, and if the same were divided, and specific'

Parts and Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests in, upon, and over the fame: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes above-mentioned, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Aflley and Mr. Frere do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Langley Ta. thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Pe~

divers

Febfmrii 1800.

Brent Bridge Rond Bill, presented.

TfTTp Inclosure Bill, committed.

Locking Inclosure BUI, prefejnttd.

Bloxham Inclosure Bill, committecL

divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, within the Parish of Langley, in the County of Norfolk, to which are appendant or appurtenant Rights of Common over and Upon the Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Parish certain Commons and Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, yield but little Profit, and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested if the Rights of Common to which the said Commons and Waste Grounds are subject were extinguished, and if the same were divided, and specific Parts and Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes abovermentioned, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-foant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. AJlley and Mr. Buxton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Elford presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, the one made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from Brent Bridge, in the County of Devon, to Gajking Gate, in or near the Borough of Plymouth, in the said County: And the same was received , and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. DUkins, Mr. Cartwright, &c.: And they axe to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Bragge presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Moor, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Locking, in tire County of Somer-ftt i.And the fame'was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open, and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, lying within the Parish of B/oxham, in the County of Oxford, was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bragge, Mr. Sargent, 8cc.: And they axe to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in

the' County of Bedford, was read a Second Time;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Saint John, Mr. Osborn, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Right honourable George Earl of Dorchester, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Manor and Parish of Stick/and, in the County of Dorset, several Open and Common Arable Fields, Common Downs, Commons, and Waste Lands, in which the Lands and Estates of the Proprietors lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present State, incapable of much Improvement; but if the same were divided among the said Proprietors, and specific Parts thereof allotted to them in Severalty, according to their, respective Rights and Interests, and if Provisions were made for extinguishing the Tythes anting within the said Parish, and making an adequate Compensation to the Rector in lieu thereof, and for making Exchanges of settled Estates in the said Parish, it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the said Proprietors: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-doting, the said Open Common Arable Fields, Common Downs, Cdmmons, and Waste Lands, and effectuating the several other Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Darner, Mr. Francis John Browne, and Mr. Morton Pitt, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that Mr. AJlett (from the Governor and Company of the Bank of attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of Advances made to Government, by the Bank, on Land, Malt, and Exchequer Bills, with Interest- on the fame, as they stood on the 21st September, 21st October, 21st November, and 21st December, 1799, and aift January 1800, relpec-

tively.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to beperufed by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other . Papers of this Session.

Member added Ordered, That Mr. Cooke be added to the Gentlemen, _ -

Holmntonnin w are app0 1^ to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pur- Ordered, That Mr, Speaker do issue his Warrant to closure bui." foant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Per-' the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for fons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the , electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Par-Owners of Lands add Hereditaments, within the Town- liament, for the Borough of in the County of

ship of Holmptoft, in the Parishes of Holmpton and Holl Sufex, in the room of Sir Charles William Rouse Bought on, cum Withernsea, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the Baronet, who, finoe his Election for the said Borough,

County of York hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for Auditing the Public Accounts of this King-BUi, pre- Mi. Cooke presented to the House, according to Or- dom.

"ted' der, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

Open Fields and Balks, or Pieces of Common and The House being informed that Mr. Owen (from Waste Ground, within the Township of Holmpton, in the Directors ot th Company) attended at

the Parish es of Holmpton and Hollym cum Withernsea, in the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented Hddetn efs, in the East Riding of the County of York: to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

And the fame, was received; and read the First Time. N 1. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tima. £4/? India Company in the Provinces of Bengal,

and , and from and Oude, under the

doiurt BiiiJn A for dividing, allotting, and incWiag, the Com- Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Poll Office Collec-co«akt«!. mon and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, tions, Benares Revenue, Subsidy, Land Revenues,

Police

Winterborne Inclosure Pc tition.

Account of Advances by the Bank, preicuted.

BnmberWrit,

East India Company's Revenue Accounts, pre-femed.

40 Geo. III. 30 Februa 53

Police Taxes, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales N° 9. A Comparison of the Estimated and AduaJ of Salt and Opium, and Stamp Duties, for Three Amount of the Revenues of the India Company-Years, according to the latest Advices, together with at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements fubor-the latest Estimate of the same: And also, dinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues,

N° 2. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed Customs, Farms and Licences, &c. for the Year 1797-8, by the East India Company in the Provirices of Bengal, and of the Charges defrayed for the same Year by the said Bahar, and OriJJ'a, and in Benares and CWe;'distinguish- Company in the said Presidency and Settlements j distin-ing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Judi- guishing the same respectively under the several Heads cial. Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and of Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifica-Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, tions, and collecting the Revenues and Customs: And and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and also,

Opium, and the Charges of the Stamp Office, for N° 10. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed Three Years, according to the latest Advices, together by the East India Company for the Management of, with the latest Estimate of the fame.: And also, their Trade and Commerce in Bengal, at Madras, and

N° 3. A Comparison of the Estimated and Actual at Bombay, so far as the same can be distinguished from Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company the Civil or other Charges respectively, for Three Years, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijfa, and from according to the latest Advices, together with the latest Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Estimate of the fame: And also.

Duties, Poll Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude N° 10 faj. An Account of the Expences of the Re-' Snbfidy, Land Revenues, Police Taxes, Customs, the lidency of Fort Marlborough and its Dependencies, for Receipts from the Sale of Salt and Opium, and the Three Years, according to the latest Advices, together Stamp Duties for the Year 1797-8, and of the Charges with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also, defrayed by the said Company in the said Provinces, and N" 10 (b). Amount of the Expences of the Istand in Benares arid Oude-, distinguishing the same under the of Saint Helena, and the Factory of Canton, for Three respective Heads of Civil, Judicial, Military, and Ma- Years, according to the latest Advices: And also, rine, and the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, N# n. Abstract Estimate of the probable Relburces of collecting the Revenues and Customs, the Advances and Disbursements of the Bengal Government, from ift and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, and the May 1798 to 30th April 1799: And also.

Charges of the Stamp Office for the same Year: And also, N 12. Abstract Estimate of the probable Resources - N 4. An Account of the Annual Revenues.of the and Disbursements of the Madras Government, from East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint ift May 1798 to 30th 17 99: And also,

George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in N° 13. Abstract Estimate of the probable Resources The Casnatic and Northern Circars, undCr the Heads and Disbursements of the Bombay Government, from ift of Mint of Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, May 1798 to 30th April 1799: And also.

Sea and Land Customs, Subsidies from the Nabob of N° 14. A general Abstract of the Estimates of the Arcot, from the Rajah of Fanjore, &c. and Land Reve- Revenues and Charges of the Presidencies of Fort IVII-nues, and Farms, and Licences, for Three Years, accord- Fort Saint George, and Bombay, from ift May

ing to the latest Advices, together with the latest Efti- 1798 to 30th April 1799: And also, mate of the same: And also, N° 15. An Account of the Amount received at the

N° 5. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed several Presidencies of Fort Fort Saint >,

by the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort and Bombay, for Sales of Import Goods and Stores, and Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, for Certificates on the Court of Directors, within the and in The Carnatic and Northern Circars; distinguish- last Three Years respectively, according to the latest ipg the same under the respective Heads of Civil, lylili- Advices, together with the latest Estimate of the fame: tary. Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of And also,

collecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years> N° 16 Amount of the Bond and other Debts owing according to the latest Advices, together with the latest by the East India Company, at their several Presidencies Estimate of the fame: And also, in the East Indies, on the 30th 1798, the Rates

N° 6. A Comparison of the Estimated and Actual of Interest which such Debts respectively carry', and the Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company Annual Amount of such Interest: And also, at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settle- N° 17. An Account of the Amount of Debts fub-ments subordinate thereto, and in The Carnatic and feribed in India between 30th April 1797 and ift May Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage 1798, agreeable to the Court's Orders of 25th June Duties, Post Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs, 1793: And also,

Subsidies from the Nabob of Arcot, Rajah of Fanjore, N° 18. A b ft raff Statement of the Receipts and Dif-

&c. Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, for the burfements of the Bengal Government, from ift May Year 1797-8, and of the Charges defrayed for the same 1797 to 30th April 1798: And also.

Year by the said Company in the said Presidency and N° 19, Abstract Statement of the Receipts and Difi-

Settlements, and in The Carnatic and Northern Circars; burfements of the Madras Government, from ift May distinguishing the same respectively under the several 1797 to 30th April 1798: And also,

Heads of Civil, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, N° 20. Abstract Statement of the Receipts and Dif-and collecting the Revenues and Customs: And also, burfements of the Government, from ift May

N° 7. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the 1797 to 30th 1798: And also,

East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and N° 21. An Account of the Balance of Quick Stock,

the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads exhibiting aState of the Company's Affairs in respect to of Land Revenues, Customs, Farms and Licences, &c. their Debts and Aflcts, as they flood at the several Prefer Three Years, according to the latest Advices, to- fidenuesof Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bom-gether with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also, and at the Residency of Fort Marlborough, and

N° 8. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed Fadory of Canton, at the Conclusion of the Year by the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, 1797-8: And also,

and the Settlements subordinate thereto; distinguishing N° 22. An Account of the Prime Cost of all Car-the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Marine, goes purchased in India, and shipped for Europe, in the Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges Year 1797 8; together with the Commercial Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three at each Presidency not added to the Invoice: And also. Years, according to the latest Advices, together with, N° 23. Annual Account, made up to the ift Day of the latest Estimate of the fame: And also, March 1799, containing the Amount of the Proceeds

- Vox.. 55. B b of

1

94

3° Februarii.

A. 1806:

Indemnity Bill, prefer ted *

King' Mef-sage for fiir-ther Supplies) &c.comidered, and Address thereupon.

of the Sale of Goods and Merchandize of the Company in Great Britain, and of their Commercial and other Receipts,' Charges, and Payments, in Great , under the several Heads thereof; together with an Estimate of the fame, for the current Year, and a Statement of their Bond Debts, and Simple Contract Debts, with the Rates of Interest they respectively carry, and the Amount of such Interest, and the State of the Calli remaining in their Treasury, and other Effects appertaining to the Company in Great Britain and a-float: And also,

N® 24. An Account of Stock per Computation of the East India Company, exclusive of the Capital Stock, from the id March 1798 to the ift March 1799: And also,

N° 25. An Account of the Amount of all Goods sold at the East India Company's Sales, from the ift March 1798 to the ift March 1799.

Together with a List of the said Accounts and Pa pers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts and Papers be printed, as shall be diffident for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Bragge presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes; to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the fame; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for that Purpose: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration His Majesty's most Gracious Message of the 22d Day of January last: And also, the several Papers which were that Day presented to the House by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty's Command.

And the said Message was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And the said Papers were read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His most Gracious Message, and for having been graciously pleased to direct, that there should be laid before this House, Copies of the Communications recently received from the Enemy, and of the Answers which have been returned thereto by His Majesty's Command:

To allure His Majesty, that we consider the Conduct which His Majesty has held on this Occasion to be such as was dictated by His Regard to the moll important Interests of His Dominions, and that, while we join with His Majesty in looking eagerly to the Period when

265.

J 64.

it may become practicable to rc-establish the general Tranquillity of Europe on a sure and solid Foundation, and at the same Time provide effectually for the Security and permanent Prosperity of His People, we shall feel it in the Interval our indispenlible Duty to continue to His Majesty; on Behalf of those whom we represent, our firm and decided Support in such Measures as may bell tend to confirm the signal Advantages which have been obtained to the common Cause in the Course of the last Campaign, and to conduct the great Cornell in which His Majesty is engaged to a safe and honourable Conclusion; and that, imprefied with these Sentiments, we shall not fail to make such Provision as, under the present Circumstances, may appear to be necessary for the several Branches of the Public Service, and for the vigorous Prosecution of the War;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Words " His Majesty's Command," to the End of the Question.

And the Question being put. That the Words pro posed to be left out, Hand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth. '

Tellers for the Yeas ??' i"1

/Mr. Canning:

-p n" c .» vt 1 Mr. Whit

Tellers for the Noes,;., c/ '

I Mr. Sheridan:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for his moll Gracious Message, and for having been graciously pleased to direct, that there should be laid before this House, Copies of the Communications recently received from the Enemy, and of the Answers which have been returned thereto by His Majesty's Command:

To allure His Majesty, that we consider the ConduCk which His Majesty has held on this Occasion to be such as was didlated by His Regard to the moll important Interests of His Dominions, and that, while we join with His Majesty in looking eagerly to the Period when it may become practicable to re-establish the general Tranquillity of Europe on a sure and solid Foundation, and at the same Time provide effectually for the Security and permanent Prosperity of His People, we shall feel it in the Interval our indispenlible Duty to continue to His Majesty, on Behalf of those whom we represent, our firm and decided Support in such Measures as may bell tend to confirm the signal Advantages which have been obtained to the common Cause in the Course of the last Campaign, and to conduct the great Contest in which His Majesty is engaged to a safe and honourable Conclusion; and that, imprefied with these Sentiments, we shall not fail to make such Provision as, under the present Circumstances, may appear to be needfary for the several Branches of the Public Service, and for the vigorous Prosecution of the War.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

And the House having continued to fit till Half an Hour after Three of the Clock on Tuesday Morning,

Ordered, That His Majesty's said moll Gracious Message be taken into further Consideration this Day.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Martis,

King' Mef-sage to be farther con-li tiered.

40 Geo. III.

4° Februarii,

Mart is4 Februarii;

Anno 408 Georgii III. U Regis, 1800, Prayers.

A Petition of John Tulleken was presented to the Tullcken't House, apd read j Praying, That Leave may be given to Nat. petitioa. bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.' ,t.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. ‘John Pitt and General Adeane do prepare, and bring

' in, the fame.

Wendlebiiry J,ndofure Fc tition *

Witney,

Kamfden, &C« Boadi Feti-

tioD«

Skelmin-thorpe Incloi lure Bill presented. '

Denby Inclosure Bill, presented.

A PETITION of the several Persons, whose, Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of, and otherwise interested in, the Open and Qomqion Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Groynds, within the Parish and Liberties of the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Lands and Grounds lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present. Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be very advantageous to the several Persons tn-terelled therein, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their several Rights and Interests: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing _the laid Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill! pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Fane and Lord Charles S do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petitidh of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders; and others, of the Counties of Oxford and whose Names are therdunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road in Witney, through Ramsden, Charlbury, Enftone, and Great Tew, to the Turnpike Road on Swerford Heath, in the County of Oxford, and from the Turnpike Road from 'Wwdstock to Birmingham, at the Direction Poll to Charlbury, through Charlbury, to the Turnpike Road from Chipping Norton to Burford, at a certain Place called Shipton , in the said County of Oxford, are very much out of Repair," and in many Parts narrow and incommodious, and it would be a great Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of public Utility, if the same were properly amended, widened, turned, altered, improved, and kept in Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, turning, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, in such Manner, aftd under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred, to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Fane, Lord Charles Spencer, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papeij, and Records.

Mr. Beaumont presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Parcels of Common, Moor, and Waste Ground, within the Manor of Skelmanthorpe, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Beaumont presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Field, or Mesne Inclosure, Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of , otherwise Denby with Clayton W{fl, in the West Riding of the County of York:And the same was received; ana read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Vol. 55.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the County Gaol, in the county of , Efex:.And also, , .

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the King's pench Prison: And also,

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty's Gaol for the County of Surrey: And also, -

A Petition, of, the Debtors confined in the County Gaol at Aylesbury, in Buckinghamshire; ,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief. And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Essex, King's Bencn, Surrey, and Aylesbury,. Debtors Peti-. tious.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Milford and Execution Two A<£fs,. made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, potion, and the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Village of Milford, in the County of Surrey, through Petworth, to the Top of Dunckton Hill, and from Petworth to Slopham Bridge, in the County of SuJJ'ex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be repaid, and the said Roads amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts are further continued and enlarged,' and the Tolls increased; and that it would be more convenient to the Public, apd to all Persons travelling the said Roads, if Power was given to shut up the present Road leading from a Place called Cross Lanes, in the Parish of Petworth', over a Bridge called Rotherbridge, to a Place called Heath End, in the said Parish, and to pull down the said Bridge, and, instead thereof, to make a new Road from the said Place called Cross Lanes to the said Place called Heath End, by a Mill called Coultershall Mill, and to erect a Bridge over the River Rother, in the said Parish: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes before-mentioned, in such Manner as to the House shall appear just ancf proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Sarge, Mr. Steele, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Frederick William was wiftinghau-

presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization. on *

Ordered, That Leave be given to brinp in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John William Anderson and Mr. John Pitt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Christopher Godfrey Bencken was pre- Bencken'. fented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may Nat. Petition, be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John William Anderson and Mr. John Pitt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Charles Gotthold Nicolay was presented Nicoby't Nat. to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be Petitwn' given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered

Bythom In-ciolure Bill, committed.

Wrexham and Pentre Bridge Hoads Petition.

46 Februarii.

A'. 1800.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John William Anderson and Mr. John Pitt do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

A Billfot dividing, allotting, and inclosing', the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Bythorn, in the County of Huntingdon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed' to Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook, Mr. Sargent, &c.: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, jri the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, vfrhofe Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the Town of Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the County of Flint, and from the Town of Mold to Northop, Holywell, and in the fame

County, and from thence to the Ferry House, opposite the Town of Conzvay, in the County of Carnarvon, and from Ruthin to the said Town of 'Mold, as relates to the District of Road from the Town of Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the County of Flint, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts have proceeded to put the same in Execution; and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken on the said

Am ACCOUNT of all Additions which have been made to the Annual Charge of the P U B LI C subsequent to the passing of an Act 27 Geo. III. Cap. 13.; as required by the 7ad Section of the incurred in respect of the fame, in the Year ended the 5th Day of January. 1800.

- — - — -- — --i - ,..... - - - -> .

By Virtue of an Act 33 Geo. III. Cap. 28. the Sum of £. 4,500,000 was borrowed for the Service of the Year

1793, upon the following Termvi wz.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £.72 contributed, to £.100 Capital Stock, £. 3 £. s.

per Centum Consolidated Annuities, amounting to ----- -- 6,250,000 ——

The Annual Charge in respect of the said £.6,250,000, £. 3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities, including £.2,81 a \os.for Management, is ——

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £.6,250,000, £.$ per Centum Consolidated Annuities, issued quarterly to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, pursuanc to an Act 32 Geo. III. Cap. 55, amounts annually to -

£. s. d. 190,312 10 —

62,500 — —

252,812 10 —

Surplus of this Fund, in the Year ended the 5th January 1800 - - >^73 1 7?

£, 314,086 6 7f

40 Geo. III. 40 Febfu97

fait} Road, which Money, together with the Tolls, have beeh duly expended in the Execution of the said Acts; and that the Money so borrowed cannot be repaid, nor can the said Road be properly maintained, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the said Acts are further continued, and the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of the said Acts, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cooke, Mr. &c. s

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of

the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of all Additions which have been made to the Annual Charge of the Public Debt, by the Interest or Annuities of any Loan that hath been made, or Annuities created, subsequent to the passing of an Act 27 Geo. III. Cap. 13, as required by the 72d Section of the said Act; and also of the Produce of the several Duties granted for defraying the Charge incurred in respect of the fame, in the Year ended the 5th Day of January 1800,

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth j

DEBT, by the Interest of Annuities of any Loan that hath been made, or Annuities created, said Act: And also of the PRODUCEof the several DUTIES granted for defraying the Charge

The Produce of the several Duties granted by the Acts under-mentioned, for defraying the increased Annual Charge

of the Public Debt, created in the Year 1793 s

Per Act 33 Geo III.

j t; '

The Produce of the Additional Duties on British Spirits - Cap. 28.

D® - - of the Stamp Duties on Certificates, issued for killing Game - - D® -

D® - - - of the Duties on Bills and Receipts (after deducting 128,600

Annum carried to the Consolidated Stamp Duties) - - - D® -

Reserved out of the Duties per Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 40 and 41, in lieu of the Duty of £.10 per Centum, per Act 33 Geo. III. Cap. 28, repealed by the aforesaid Acts -

198,511$ - — 27>673 4 —

87,891 10 f 89,605 12

314,086 6 71

Vol.

f Bayarl&ch# I Mbnch«n

J

C c

(Continued.)

Account of Additions to Public Debt, presented.

98 40 Februarii. A. 1860.

By Virtue of an Act 34 Geo. III. Cap. 1. the Sum of £. 11,600,000 was borrowed for the Service of the

Year 1794, upon the following Terms;

The Contributors were entitled, for every £.100 contributed. C

To £.too Capital Stock, £.3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities, amounting to - 11,000,000

To £.25 Capital Stock, £, APer Centum Annuities, amounting to - - 2,750,000

And tour. 5i. for 66 £ Years, amounting to - 62,791 13 4

By Virtue of Two other Acts, 34 Geo. III. Cap. 2 1 and 56 the Proprietors of certain Navy and Victualling Bills, delivered up to be cancelled, w.ere entitled, for every £.100 contained in such Bills, to £.10: Capital Stock,£.5 per Centum Annuities, amounting to 1,926,525 12 5

-The Annual Charge in respect of the Annuities created by the above Acts, is as follows;

1 ' ‘ £. s. d.

In respect of the said £. 1 i,coc, oco, £.3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities, including £.4,950 for Management ----- --- 334.95°

D° - - of the said £-2,750,000, £.4. per Centum Annuities, including £.1,237. ior. for Management - -- - 111,237 10 —

j DJ - - of the said Annuity of nr. $d. per Centum, including £.706. 8r. for Management - ' 63,498 1 5I

D3 - - of the above £. 1,926,525. I2J. cd £.5 Centum Annuities, granted in lieu of Navy and Victualling Bills, delivered up to be cancelled, including £.866. 18 r. Sid. for Management ----- - 97 93 4 4

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £. ii, oooo, coc, £.3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, pursuant to an Act 32 Geo. III. Cap. 55. amounts Annually to - - - 110,000 — —

D° - - of the said £-2,750,000, £.4 per Annuities - - D° - - - D° 27,500

D° - - of the future actual Value of the said Annuity of iij. 5 J. per Centum for 66i Years at the End of 45 Years, issued as above, amounts Annually to - 9,6 3o — —

D" - of the above £. 1,926,525. I2J. 51/. £. 5 Annuities D° - - D° ^,265 5 —

773 324 — 9 I

Surplus of this Fund in the Year ended the 5th Januaryi8co -» 16?,880 13 —

4 936,204 13 10 I

40 Geo. III. 4

#The Produce of the several Duties, granted by the Acts under-mentioned, for defraying

Charge of the Public Debt, created in the Year 1794.

Per Act 34 Geo. III.

The Produce of the Additional. Duties on British Spirits ——

D - - of the Additional Duties on Foreign Spirits ----- - Cap. 3.

D° - - of the Duties' on Foreign Spirits - -- Cap. 4.

D" - - of the Duties on Sugar - -- D *

D# - - of the Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships to Solicitors

and Attornies - - ----- ----- - Cap. 14.

D - - of the Additional Duties of Excise on Bricks and Tiles - - 15.

D - - of the Additional Duties of Customs on D° - D° - - - D®

D - - of the Duties of Excise on Paper (after deducting 75,000

carried to Consolidated Excise Duties) ----- - Cap. 20.

D° - - of the Duties of Customs on Paper - -- -- - D *

D° - - of the Additional Duty on Glass - -- Cap. 27.

D° - - of the Duties on Slates and Stones - -- -- - 51.

In order to shew the real Produce of the Duties imposed in the Year 1794, should be added the Amount of those on Sugar received in the Year ending the 5th of January 1800, which were granted in 1794. to defray the Annual increased Charge of the Public Debt, created in that Year, but are now granted Annually ——

VOL. 55.

__________99

: increased Annual

£ J. d.

II0, Q4I —

161,027 — — . 56,915 17 5 60,870 9 11

ai>979 8 —

43,270 ——

883

75>H$ ——

3 77

,45>i 3 -

n,777 9

689,433 6 if.

246,771 7 Si

936,204 13 10

(iContinued,.)

IOO

4° FeBruarii.

A. 1800.

By Virtue of an Act 35 Geo. III. Cap. 14. the Sum of 18,000,000, was borrowed for the Service of

the Year 1795, upon the following Terms

The Contributors were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed.

To £. too Capital Stock, £. 3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities, amounting to -

To £. 33. S d. Capital Stock, £. 4 per Centum Annuities, amounting Co - -

And to an Annuity of % s. 6 d. for 65? Years, to which' a further Annuity of 1 s. for the same Term was adde'd by Act 35 Geo. III. Cap. 128, amounting together to

fey Virtue of another Act, 75 Geo. III. Cap. 32. the Proprietors of certain Navy and Victualling Bills, who delivered up the same to be cancelled, were entitled, for every 100 contained in such Bills, to £. 108 Capital Stock £. 5 per Centum Annuities -

£. s. d. 18,000,000 — — *

6,000,000 — - — 85,500 — -

1,609,897 17 *

The Annual Charge in respect of the Annuities created by the above Acts, is as follows;

In respect of the said £. 18,000,000, £ 3. per Centum Consolidated Annuities, including £.8,too for Management ——

D — of the said £. 6,000,000, £. 4 per Centum Annuities, including £. 2,700 for ..Management -

D - - of the above Annuity of 9 s.6 d. per Centum for 65 J Years, including £. 961. 17 s.6d. for Management ——

t)8 - - of tire above £. 1,609,897. 17 s. 1 5 per Centum Annuities, in lieu of Navy and Vifbialling- Bills cancelled, including £.714. 9s. 1 for Management

One Hundredth Part of the fold Capital Stock of £. 184:00,000, £.2 per Centum Consolidated. Anpuiries, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National . Debt, purfoaot to- an Act 32 Geo. Ilf. Cap. 55. amounts Annually to -

£. s. d.

948,100 — —

242,700 — . —

86,461 17 6

81,219 6 11

180,000

IV - - of the said £ 6,000,000, £. 4 per Centum Annuities - - D - - D *

TT - - of the future actual Value of the said Annuity of gs. 6 d. per Centum for 65 J Years, at the End of 45 Years, issued as above, amounts Annually COD'' - - of the Capital Stock of £.1,609,897! 17 1 £.5 per Centum Annuities

D - - D"....

60,000 — —

2,835 ——

16,098 19 6

1,227,415 3 11

Surplus of tfiis Fund in the Year ended the 5 Ii January 1800

384,009 3 — *

1,611,4-4 n n;-

4Q Geo. III.

4° Februarii

IQ I

The Produce of the several Duties, granted by the Acts under-mentioned, for defraying the increased Annual Charge of the Public Debt, created in the Year 1795:

Per Act 35 III.

The Produce of the Additional Duties on Wines ----- ---- 10.

D° - - of the Additional Duty on Sweets - r - D° -

D8 - - of the Additional Duties on British Spirits - ----- - Cap. 11.

D° - - of the Additional Duties on Foreign Spirits ----- ? Cap. 12.

-D - - of the Additional Duties on Tea - -- Cap. 13.

D - - of the Additional Duties on Coffee and Cocoa Nuts- - - - D° -

D° - - of the Duties on Fruit, Sallad Oil, &c. Cap. 20.

D° - - of the Additional Duties on the Exportation of Rock Salt and

Coals ----- ----- ----- D8 -

D° - - of the Additional Stamp Duties on Writs, &c. ----- Cap. 55.

D8 - - of the Duties on Hair Powder Certificates ----- - Cap. 49.

p° - - of the Additional Stamp Duties on Receipts.- ----- Cap. 55.

D - - of the Duties on Spirit Licences - -- Cap. 59.

D" - - of the Stamp Duty on Sea Insurances - -- -- - Cap. 63.

£alh brought to this Account from the Revenue of the Pod Office, pursuant to Act 37 Geo. Ill, Cap. 18.

£ d.

SS7>'7i

7»75 *

106,603 .

156 717 6 6i

259>538 10

22,18; —

195 796 18 n

11,326 2 5

39>47i 10 6

131,881 J3 8

8 537 7 8

15.750 — —

148,693 2 6

40,000

Vol. 55.

(Continued.)

Dd

jd. 1800

101 40 Februarii.

By Virtue of an Act 36 Get. HI. Cap. ia. the Sum of 18,000,000, was borrowed for the Service of the

T«r 1796, upon the following Terms viz.

The Contributors were entitled, for 9ftrt £. 100 contributed.

To /. 120 Capital Stock, £. 3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities, amounting to £. 2 1,600,000, but which was reduced, by certain Persons neglecting to complete their Payments, to

To /. 15 Capital Stock, £.3 per Centum Reduced Annuities -

And to an Annuity of 6r, 6d. for 64! Years, amounting to

£' s. d.

n,595,800 ——

4,500,000 — — 58,500 ——

By Virtu? of anqther Act 36 Geo. III. Cap. 74. the further Sum of 7,500,000 was borrowed for the Service of the same Year, upon the following Terms

The Contributors were entided, for every £. 10b contributed.

To/. 120 Capital Stock in the £.3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities, amounting to £. 9,000,000, but which was reduced, by certain Persons neglecting to complete their Payments, to -

To £. 25 Capital Stock, £. 3 per Centum Reduced Annuities, amounting to £. 1,875,000, but which was reduced, by certain Persons neglecting to complete their Payments, to And to an Annuity of $s. 6d.for 63 i Years, amounting to £. 20,625, but which was reduced, by certain Persons neglecting to complete their Payments, to - -

And by Virtue of One other Act> 36 Geo. III. Cap. 122. the Proprietors of certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills delivered up to be cancelled, were entitled, for every £. 100 eontained in fycb Bills, to £. 105 Capital Stock, £. 5 per Centum Annuities j and the Proprietors of certain other such Bills likewise delivered up to be cancelled, for every £. 100 contained therein, to £. 104 Capital Stock, £. 5 per Centum Annuities, the Whole amounting to ——

8,934,200 ——

1,859,625 ——

20,582 7 6

4,414,074 4 6

The Annual Charge in respect of the Annuities created by the above Acts, is as follows; viz.

3

o

\o

T-5 C<J

r-

j

8

U

VD

rO

In respect of the said £. 21,595,800, £. 3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities, including/. 9,718. 2/. 2d.for Management ——

D t of the said £. 4,500,000, £. 3 Centum Reduced Annuities, including

£. 2,025, for Management ——

D° - - of the above Annuity of 6j. 6d. per , for 63 i Years, including

£. 658. 2 j. 6d. for Management ——

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £. 21,595,800, £. 3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for reducing the

National Debt, amounts Annually to ——

9 *

D" - of the said £. 4,500,000, £. 3 per Centum Reduced Annuities, D° - D° - -D° - - of she future actual Value of the Annuity of 6s. 6 per Centum for 64 i Years, at the End of 45 Years, issued to the said Commissioners, as above ——

In refyeft of the above £. 8,934,200, £. 3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities, in-

91

D° -

D°

eluding /. 4,020. 7 s.y\d. for Management - 272,046 7

of she above £. 1,859,625, £. 3 per Centum Reduced Annuities, including £. 836. 16 j. 7 for Management ——

- of the Annuity of 5 s.6d. per Centum for 631 Years,

including £. 231. 11 s.for Management -

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £. 8,934,200,

£. 3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, amounts Annually to - -

D° - - of the said £. 1,859,625, £. 3 per Centum Reduced

Annuities ----- D° - — D° -

D° - - of the future actual Value of the Annuity of 5 6d.

per Centum, for 63! Years, at the End of 45 Years, issued to the said Commissioners, as above -

56,625 11 7

20,813 18 6

89,342 ——

18,596 5 —

2,925 ——

In respect of the said £. 4,414,074. 4J. 6d. £. 5 per Centum Annuities, granted to the Proprietors of Navy, Victualling,

w C *

o

2 *

(j

t

Pi

and Transport Bills delivered up to be cancelled, including £. 1,986. 6j. id. lor Management One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £. 4,414,074. 4 s.6d. £.5 per Centum Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, is -

222,690 — IOi

44,140 14 10

C,

(>:c-sji

s.

137^-5 ——

59,158 2 6

215,958

45>coo

8,460 — —

1,123,193 4 8

460,349 2 io£

266,830 15 8i

‘>850,373 3 3

' by

40 Geo. III. 4° Februaru.

103

The Produce of the several Duties, granted by the Acts under-mentioned, for defraying the iuereased Annual

Charge of the Public Debt, created in the Year 1796:

The Produce of the Additional Duties on Tobacco and Snuff - -D - - of the Duty 00 Horle Dealers Licences - . -

Per Act 36 III.

" Cap. 13.

- Cap. 17.

D - - of the Tax on Legacies, after deducting 41,079, carried to

Consolidated Duties prior to 1793 - -- -- - Cap. 52

D - - of the Duties of Customs on Wines D" - - of the Duties of Excise on Wines D# - - of the Additional Duties on Sweets

Cap. 123.

- - D\

- - D°.

D° - - of the Duties on Hats, after deducting 9,479- Uf. carried

to Consolidated Stamp Duties - -- 125.

Brought to this Account from the Consolidated Duties of Customs, per Act 37 Geo. III.

Cap. 15. being the computed Annual Saving to the Public on Account of the Reduction of the Drawback on the Exportation of Sugar

D - - per Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 40 and 41. in lieu of the Duties of £. 10 per Centum on Assessed Taxes, per Act 36 Geo. III. repealed -

D" - - per Act 38 Geo. III. Cap.41. from the Duties on Horses used for riding, in

lieu of the former Duty then repealed, at £. 106,000 Annum -

D *

D *

- per Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 41. from the Duties on Horses used in Husbandry,

in lieu of the former Duties then repealed, at £ 95,000 per Annum

- per Act: 38 Geo. III. Cap.41. from the Duties on Dogs, in lieu of the former

Duties then repealed, at £.70,000 per Annum - - - 1

- per Act 39 Geo. III. Cap.65. out of the Duties on Salt, at £. 32,000 per

Annum ——

Deficiency of this Fund in the Year ended 5th January 1800

£. s. i.

186,183 — —

J>559 3 3

77»i65 1 3

526,103 4 1 $

2,500 ——

8,014 — i —

33,162 14 3

116,676 5 8

81,151 2 71

106,000 — — 95,0=0 — — 68,929 17 3 32,000 — —

515,928 14 10

i. 5°»373 3 3

Vol. 55,

( Continued. J

104 40 Februarii. A. 1800,

By Virtue of an Act 37 Geo. III. Cup. ic. the Sum of £. 18,000,000 was borrowed for the Service of the

Year 1797, upon the following Terms; wz.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £. too contributed, to £. 112. ioj. Capital Stock £. 5 per Centum Annuities, amounting to £. 20,250,000, but which was reduced, by fun- £' s d.

dry Persons neglecting to complete their Payments, to ----- ----- By Virtue of an Act 37 Geo. III. Cap. 57. the further Sum of £. 14,500,000 was borrowed for the Service of the same Year, upon the following Terms , viz. The Contributors were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed, 20,124,843 15 _

To £. 125 Capital Stock, £. 3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities, amounting to - - 18,125,000 — - — _

To £.50 Capital Stock, £.3 per Centum Reduced Annuities, amounting to - - - r 7,250,000

To £.20 Capital Stock, £.4 per Centum Annuities, amounting to ----- - 2,900,000 — .

And to an Annuity of 6s. 6d. for 62 I Years, subject to a Deduction in case the further Sum of £,3,500,000 should not be raised for the Year 1797, and the Sum of £.1,620,000 only having been raised, it was reduced to 6 amounting - - - 43,500 — _

By Virtue of an Act 37 Geo. III. Cap. 59. for guaranteeing a Loan of £. 1,620,000 to the Emperor of Germany, the Contributors to the same were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed, to £.226. icr. Capital Stock, £.3 per Annuities, amounting to - - Which Annuities, upon the Failure of depositing, in the Hands of the Bank of England, Sufficient Monies to pay the same, and of a Sum equal to One per Centum upon the Capital of the said Loan, are charged upon the Consolidated Fund. 3,669,300

1 And by Virtue of an Act 37 Geo. III. Cap. 9. the Proprietors of certain Navy, Victualling, j Transport, and Exchequer Bills, who delivered up the same to be cancelled, were en-i titled, in lieu thereof, to a Capital Stock, in £. 3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities, ! amounting to £. i 8,440,874. lor. id. but which was since reduced, by the Navy Of-; fee withdrawing Checques to the Amount of £.3,643. i8r. and by Several Alterations i made by the Bank of England, to ----- ----- ----- - 18,437,874 9 4

To a Capital Stock in £.4 per Centum Annuities, amounting to ----- -- 869,293 n 6

And to a Capital Stock in £. 5 per Centum Annuities, amounting to ----- - 2,300,798 ii 10

The Annual Charge in respect of the Annuities created by the above Acts, is as follows;

S (In respect of the said £. 20,124,843. £. 3 Consolidated Annuities, 1 q. including£. 9,056. 34. 7 dfor Management - N / £ J. d. 1,015,298 7 4

, T1m One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £. 20,124,84.3. 15 £. 3 Centum Consolidated Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Re-£ k duftion of the National Debt, amounts Annually to - -- -- - Tin respect of the said £.18,125,500, £.3 per Centum Consoli- £. d. dated Annuities, including £. 8,156. 5 for Management - 551,906 5 — 1^- T D° of the said£, 7,250,000, £.3 per Centum Reduced Annuities, including £. 3,262. 1 or. for Management ----- - 220,762 10 — K D® of the said £. 2,900,000, £. 4 per Centum Annuities, includ- ( ing £ .1,305 for Management - ----- -- 117,305 to j D° of the Annuity of 6s. per Centum for 62 Years, including r- £.489. 7 s.6 d.for Management - -- -- - 43,989 7 6 One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £. 18,125,000, £.3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities, issued to the Commission.ers for the Reduction of the National Debt, pursuant to an Act 32 Geo. III. Cap. 55. amounts Annually to - - - - 181,250 201,248 8 9

4 Borneforward ----£. 1 115,213 2 6 1,216,546 l6 I

4b Geo. III.

Februarii.

io5

The Produce of the several Duties, granted by the Acts under-mentioned, for defraying the increased Annual

Charge of the Public Debt, created in the Year 1797:

Per Aa

of the Additional Duty on Tea - - -of the Additional Duty on Spirits

The Produce of the Duty of Excise on Bricks D° - - of the Duty on Cocoa Nuts - -

t>°

D8 D8 D8 D8 D8 D8 D8

- of the Duties of Customs on Sugar - -

of the Additional Duties on Distilleries in Scotland

D° -

The Surplus of Consolidated Letter Money, after reserving the Sum directed by Act 37 Geo. Ill, Cap. 18. ——

D8

of the Consolidated Duties on Houses and Windows 1793, after reserving the Sum directed by Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 40. ——

P® - - of the Consolidated Duties On Inhabited Houses, after reserving the Sum

directed by Act 38 Geo. III. 40. -

D° - - of the Consolidated Duties on Horses used for Husbandry, after reserving

the Sum directed by Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 41. ——

D8

D8

- of the Consolidated Duties on Horses used for riding, after reserving the

Sunt directed by Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 41.

37 Gc°. ill. £ s. I -

Cap. 14. 2 3,03

- D8 - 5,999

3IO>255 3 4

- Dc f i°7.535 — — .

- D‘ > _ 157,964 16 I 4

50,844 — —

Cap. l5‘ 184,766^ 4 IO|

Cap. 16. 69.739 9 '

Cap. 7 59,000 — —

Cap. 19. 687,460 11 8

Cap. 69. 52,126 5 4 i

Cap. 90. 9 3 6

Cap. 102. 7.750 — —

Cap. 108. 14,966 2 5 I

Cap. 110. 161,893 8 10 i

- of the Consolidated Duties oh Male Servants, after reserving the Sum directed by Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 41. -

In order to shew the real Produce of the Duties imposed in the Year 1797, should be added the Amount of those on Sugar, received in the Year ending the 5th January 1800,-which were granted in 1797, to defray the Annual increased Charge of the Public Debt created in that Year, but are now granted Annually ——

... Borne forward - - *

265,444 — — 304,497 19 71

18,980 15 — I 174,940 4 3 79,92a 11 5 i

47>577 1 "1

2,784,714 9 31

231,348 3 6

3,016,062 12 9 |

VoL.

E e

('Continued.)

ro6

Februarii.

A. 18

oo.

s.

2

d.

6

Brought forward - £.1,115,213 One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £-7,250,000 £ 3 Pw Centum Reduced Annuities, ifilied Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, amounts Annually to - - - _ - - - 72,500 — —

D of £.2,900,000, £. 4 per Centum Annuities, D' - - D° - - 29,000 — —

D° of the future aftua) Value of the said Annuity of 6s. per Centum, for 62i Years, at the End of 45 Years, issued as above, amounts An-s. nually to ----- ---- - 5,920--

The Annua] Charge on account of Annuities granted to the Proprietors of Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, delivered up to be cancelled, is as follows;

C3

r^-

n

<8

k

In respect of £. 16,438,175. 5s. Consolidated Annuities, including £.7,397. 3s. 6 for Management -D® - - of £.765,427. 1 is. kd. £.4. per Centum Annuities, including £.344. 8/. \od.for Management -D® - - of £.2,034,889 IIJ £.5 per Centum Annuities, in-

cluding £.915. 14J. for Management -.§ )One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £. 16,438,175. 5/. r" £ 3 P ? Centum Consolidated Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the Nadonal Debt, amounts Annually to - - - - _

D® - - of the said £. 765,427. 1 6d. £.4 per Centum Annuities D# - - - D®

D® - - of the said £. 2,034,889. 1 id. £.5per Centum Annuities - D® - - - D° - -

500,542

s. d.

8 81

30,961 10 jo 102,660 3 6

164,381 15 —

7»654 5 6 20,348 17 10

And the Annual Charge on Account of Annuities granted to the Proprietors of Exchequer Bills, delivered up to be cancelled, is as follows; viz.

'In respeCb of £. 1,999,699. 4 s. 4d.Capital Stock £.3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities, including £. 899. 17 3\d.

for Management ——

D® - - of £. 104,432. 5s.id. Capital Stock £.4 per Centum Annuities, including £. 46. 1 gs. 10 for Management -

D® - - of £. 270,202.4 s.id. Capital Stock £. 5 per Centum Annuities, including £.121. tu. 9 Id. for Management -i ^One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of£. 1,999,699. 4 4 £.3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for die Reduction of the National Debt, amounts Annually to -

D® - - of the said £. 104,432. 5s. id. £. 4 per Centum Annuities - D° - D°

D® - - of the said £. 270,202. 4 s.id. £. 5 per Centum Annuities — D — — — D° — —

ON

h

o

r--

<8

k

£ s' d. 60,890 16 91 4,224 5 ® 13,631 14 —

19,996 19 10 1,044 6 4

2,702 — 4

By an Act 37 Geo. III. €ap. 144. £. 1,500,000 was granted for the Service of Ireland, the Interest and Charges to be provided for in such Manner as the Parliament of that Kingdom should approve; therefore the Expences on that Account, which are paid Quarterly at the Exchequer, mud be dedud^l from the above Charges, and amount Annually to

£ s. d. 1,216,546 16 1

1,222,633 2 6

826,549 1 4 x

102,490 2 I I £

3,368,219 2 It

126,871 .1 1.0 I 3,241,348 I

Vol. 5jr-

(Continued1)

A. .1800,

108 40 .

By Virtue of an Act 38 Geox III. Cap. 37. the Sum of /. 17,000,000 was borrowed for the Service of the

Year 1798, upon the following Terms;

The Contributors were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed,

To /. 150 Capital Stock, /. 3 pet Centum Consolidated Annuities, amounting to -

To/.50 - - - D° - - - /. 3 per Centum Reduced Annuities -

1

And to an Annuity of 4X. 11 for 611 Years amounting to -

By sundry Acts explained and amended by an Act 39 Geo. III. Self. 2 Cap. 11. Provision was made for Payment

of the Annuities and Charges in respect of/. 8,000,000, Part of the above Loan of /. 17,000,000, out of certain Monies therein specified, therefore the Duties on the other Side are made chargeable only with the Annuities and Charges of the remaining /. 9,000,000 of the said Loan.

/ x.

25,500,000 ——

8,500,000 — — 22,125 ——

The Annual Charge in respect of the Annuities created by the above Act, is as follows;

In respect of /. 13,500,000 Capital Stock, /. 3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities, including /. 6,07 5 for Management ——

DB - of /. 4,500,000, Capital Stock /. 3 per Centum Reduced Annuities, including /. 2,025 for Management ——

D - - of the Annuity of 4X. 1 id.per Cent, on the above /. 9,000,000, for 611 Years, including'/. 248. 18 x. 1 f d.for Management -

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of /. 13,500,000, /. 3 per Centum Confo-fidated Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, amounts Annually to- - -

D° - - of /. 4,500,000 /. 3 per Centum Reduced Annuities - - - D° - - - D° - -

411,075 ——

IJ7>°25 ——

22,373 18

135,000 ——

45,000 ——

D° - - of the future actual Value of the said Annuity of 4x. x\d. per Centum for 611 Years at the End of 45 Years, issued as above -

2,

S80 ——

By an Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 90. /. 2,000,000 were granted for the Service of Irelandt the interest and Charges to be provided for by the Parliament of that Kingdom; therefore the Expences incurred on that Account, which are paid at the Exchequer, must be deducted from the above Charges, amounting Annually to -

Surplus of this Fund in the Year ended the 5th January 1800 -

753 353 18 11

167,411 9 7

585,94! 18 61

14^.634 9 4

733,576 7 io l-

4°

Geo. III.

4° Februarii.

109

The Produce of the several Duties, granted by the Acts under-mentioned, for defraying the increased Annual Charge of the Public Debt, created in the Year 1798:

(Continued.)

Vol. 55. F £

I 10

40 Februmi

A. 1800.

By Virtye of an Act 39 Geo. III. Cap. 7. the Sum of £.3,000,000 was borrowed for the Service of the Year

1799, upon the following Terms;

The Contributors were entitled, for every £. 100 Contributed,

To £. ico Capital Stock, £. 3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities, amounting to -

And to £.$7. 9 s. 6d. Capital Stock, £. 3 per Centum Reduced Annuities -

By Virtue of an Act 39 Geo. III. Cap. 60. the further Sum of £. 15,500,000 was borrowed for the Service of the Year 1799, Upon the following Terms; viz.,

The Contributors were entitled, for every £.100 contributed,

To £.125 Capital Stock, £.3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities, amounting to -

And to £.50 Capital Stock, £.3 per Centum Reduced Annuities -

£ e.

2,624,250 -

d.

‘9>375>co°

7,750,000

By sundry Acts, explained and amended by an Act 39 Geo. III. Self. 2. Cap. it. Provision was made for Payment of the Annuities and Charges, in respect of £. 11,000,000, Part of the above Loan of £. 15,^00,000, out of certain Monies therein specified; therefore the Duties on the other Side are made chargeable only with the Annuities and Charges in respect of the remaining £.4.500,000 of the said Loan.

The Annual Charge in respect of the Annuities, created by the above Acts, is as follows;

a-

3

<J\

ft!

k

O

SO

Os

<0

fIn respect of the said £.3,000,000, £.3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities, including £. 1,350 for Management ——

D" - - of the said £.2,624,250, £.3 per Centum Reduced Annuities, including £.1,180. 18 s.3 d. for Management ——

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £. 3,000,000, £. 3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, amounts Annually to ——

D° - - of the said £. 2,624,250, £.3 per Centum Reduced Annuities, D° - - D°

In respect of £. 5,625,000, £.3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities, £. ' s. d.

including £. 2,531. 5 s.for Management - -171,281 5 —

D° - - of £.2,250,000, £.3 per Centum Reduced Annuities, including £. 1,012. 10 s.for Management - - - 68,512 10 —

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £. 5,625,000, £. 3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, amounts Annually to ----- ----- 56,250 ——

D° - - of the said £. 2,250,000, £.3 per Centum Reduced Annuities - - D" - - D° - - - 22,500 ——

By an Act 39 Geo. III. Cap. 114. £.3,000,000 was granted for the Service of Ireland, the Interest and Charges to be provided for by the Parliament of that Kingdom; therefore the Expences on that Account, which are paid at the Exchequer, must be deducted from the above Charges, amounting Annually to---- -

9 >35° -

73,928 8 3

30,000 — — 26,242 10 —

227,500 18 3

318,543 15 — 5+6,04+ 13 3

212,362 10 —

333/j8i 3 3

40 Geo. III.

4° Februa

hi

The Produce of the several Duties, granted by the under-mentioned Acts, for defraying the increased Annual

Charge of the Public Debt, created in the Year 1759:

Per Act 39 Geo. III.

s. d.

The Produce of the Additional Duties on Sugar and Coffee - - - - -D - - of the Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes

P° - - of the Canal and Dock Duty ——

Deficiency of this Fund in the Year ended the 5th January 1800

Cap. 6 Cap. 107. Cap. 69.

1 260,491 5 9

1 73>r9° 17 6

1 333.68 2 3 3

VoL' 55-

(Continued.) '

H2 4° Februarii. 1800.

AMOUNT of the Annual Charge of the PUBLIC DEBT created in the Years undermentioned; and the Produce of the several Duties granted for defraying the fame, in the Year ended the 5th January 180c.

YEARS. CHARGE. PRODUCE. SURPLUS. DEFICIENCY.

£- S. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £ >

1793 — 252,812 10 — 314,086 6 7 61,273 16 7 i

1794 ... 773.324 — 9 936,204 13 10 i 162,83o 13 — I

1795 1,227,415 3 ti 1,611,424 11 11 3^4,009 8 — i '

1796 ,850, S73 3 3 ,334.444 8 4 515,928 14 10 i

797 - - - 3,241,348 1 3,016,062 12 9! - - - 225,285 8 3

M VC 00 1 1 1 585,941 18 6 i 732.576 7 10 { 46,634 9 4

799 - - - 333.682 3 3 260,491 5 9 73,190 17 6

L 8,264,897 — 9 8,205,290 7 2 754,798 7 — i 814,405 — 7 I

4 754.798 7 — i

Deficiency on the Whole of the Duties in the Year ended 5th January 1800 - 59/06 13 6

The Produce of the Taxes in the several Years, is taken from the Account of the Receipt of the same in the Exchequer; the Difference between which, and the Account of the several Offices of Customs, Excise, &c. arises from the former being made up from a different Day.

Prelented, pursuant to an Act of the 47th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the 4th Day of February 1800, by

George Rose.

Order

40 Geo. III. 40 — 5° Februarii. 113

f *

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, the County of the Borough of , was pre-

to be perused by the Members of the House. fented to the House and read; Complaining of th^ir

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Distress, and praying Relief.

Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Ul'e of Ordered, Thai the said Petition do lie upon the the Members of the House. Table.

King's Mef-sage for Supplies, further considered.

Motion for a Supply.

To be considered in a Committee.

Answtrs to Addre&s.

The Order of the Day being read; A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Gh % ow po-

The House proceeded to take into further Confident- Town Council, of the City of for themselves 'lce^ei, tion‘

tion His Majesty's most Gracious Message of the 22d and on Behalf of the Community of the said City, was Day of January last; presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker. the Inhabitants of the said City have of late Years

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted greatly increased in Number, and it would tend greatly to His Majesty; to their Accommodation, and to that of other Persons

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, relbrting to the said City, that Footways and Pavements resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to were made on the Sides of the Streets thereof, that the said Streets and Pavements were better lighted and cleaned, that the Police and Markets were better regulated, that a Superintendant of Police and Watchmen were appointed for the said City, that the said City were divided into Wards, and Superintendants appointed over these Wards, and that certain Funds were raised, and Powers given to the said Magistrates and Town Council, and to the Burgh and Dean of Guild Courts of the said City, for the above Purposes: And therefore praying, That Leave may lie given to bring in a Bill for the above Purposes j in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it

consider of that Motion.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 50 die;

Anno 40 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1800.

Prayers.

LORD Viscount Stopford reported to the House,

That their Address of the 22d Day of January last (to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House for the Gracious Communication contained in His Majesty's shall appear to them, to the House:

Message to this House, respecting Directions having been given for providing Accommodations for the RussianTroops in the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleased to receive the same most graciously.

Lord Viscount Stopford also reported to the House,

That their Address of Monday last (to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His moll Gracious Message, and for having been graciously pleased to di-red, that there should be laid before this House, Copies of the Communications recently received from the Enemy, and of the Answers which have been returned thereto by His Majesty's Command: To allure His Majesty, that we consider the Conduct which His Majesty has held on this Occasion to be such as was diClated open certain new Streets and Passages, and, by the Di-

And it is referred to Mr. Mc Dowall,' Mr. Fer-gufon, &c.: And they are to meet To-morow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of the City of Aberdeen, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the principal Avenues to the centrical Parts of the said City from the South and North, by the Bridges of Dee and Don, are narrow, indirect, and incommodious, and the Increase of the Inhabitants of the said City, and Demand for Houses and other Buildings, render it expedient to

Aberdeen Streets Pcti tion.

by His Regard to the most important Interests of His Dominions, and that, while we join with His Majesty in looking eagerly to the Period when it may become practicable to re-establish the general Tranquillity of Europe on afure and solid Foundation, and at the same Time provide effectually for the Security and permanent

rection of the Petitioners, Surveys have lately been made, and Plans formed, for Two new Streets, with Areas on each Side thereof, intended for new Buildings, to occupy the Property in the Line herein after described; viz. the one from the South West Part of the City, beginning at a Footpath or Lane leading from the

Prosperity of His People, we shall feel it in the Interval Entry of the Dam-head Road towards the Chapel of

our indispensible Duty to continue to His Majesty, on Behalf of those whom we represent, our firm and decided Support in such Measures as may best tend to confirm the lignal Advantages which have been obtained to the common Cause in the Couife of the last Campaign, and to conduct the great Contest in which His Majesty is engaged to a safe and honourable Conclusion; and that, impressed with these Sentiments, we shall not fail to make such Provision as, under the present Circumstances, may appear to be necessary for the several Branches of the Public Service, and for the vigorous Prosecution of the War) had been presented to His Majesty: And that His Majesty was pleased to receive the same most graciously.

Ease, and to be carried from thence Eallward, nearly in a straight Line, along the Grounds on she North Side of the Windmillbrae, across the Denburn and the Back and

Correction Wynds, and through Saint Catharine's Hill and the narrow Wynd, until it join the West End of the Castle Street or Marketplace of the said City; and the other beginning at the South Side of a Foot Road or Lane adjacent to and upon the East Side of the Road leading to Old Aberdeen, called Love and to be carried from thence, nearly in a straight line South, through the neighbouring Grounds, by the Town's Meal Market and North Street, until it enter the North Side of Castle Street, or as near to the said several Lines of

Tulltken't Nat. Bill, ptdtBted.

CarraarthrYi Debtor Petition.

Direction as conveniently may be; which Works and Improvements will be attended with great Utility and Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Advantage to the Public in general, and to the said

Order, a Bill for naturalizing John: And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Gaol of the County of Carmarthen, and in the Gaol of Von. 55.

City and its Inhabitants in particular: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for opening and making Two new Streets in the said City of Aberdeen; with such Powers, and under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall appear proper and necessary.

G g Ordered,

Thtmes tnd

Medway Canal Petition reported.

Sevenoake, &c. Roads Bill, pre Tented *

Norton and Halton Roads Petition,

v

114 50 Februarii. A. 1800.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the in the County of through Halton and in

Confederation of a Committee: And that they do exa- the same County, to in the County of

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Lancaster, and lying between the House of William shall appear to them, to the House: - Nor bury, in and a Cottage in calied

And it is referred to Mr. Mc Dowall, Mr. Dundas, Wood's Cottage, and also the Road leading from a cer-&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at tain Bridge in Norton aforesaid, called Norton Bridge, into Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and the said first-mentioned Road, near a Place called The have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. Lodge, which severally pais through the Grounds of the ' said Sir Richard Brooke, and near to his Mansion House

Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to of Norton Priory aforesaid; and also such Parts of the whom the Petitions of the several Persons, whose Names Footpaths in Norton as pass over a certain Field called ' are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors Tht Butts, and over the Pleasure Grounds of the said of Estates in the County of Kent, was referred; That Sin Richard Brooke called IVin dm ill Hill s and also certain the Committee had examined, and found that the other Footpaths leading from the Village of Halton to Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation certain Lands in Halton aforesaid, called The Doles;

Bills, hid been complied with; and that the Committee and also so much of a certain other Footpath leading had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had from the first-mentioned Road, near the Garden be-directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, longing to Norton Priory aforesaid, towards a certain to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; Place in aforesaid called Ferry, as lies be-

and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: tween the said Road and the intended new Road here-

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. inafter mentioned, are now used as Public Roads and To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Public Footpaths, but the making Ule of the same is in Ralph Dodd, Engineer, being examined, said, That the many Refptfts inconvenient and injurious to the Propermaking and maintaining a Canal, with Basons and Re- ty of the said Sir Richard Brooke, and particularly so to fervoirs, navigable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, the Occupation of his Manlion House of Priory,

from the River Thames, near to, and on the East Side and that the Petitioners are willing and defirou?, in case

of, the Town of Gravesend, in the County of Kent, in the said Roads and Footpaths be (hut up and disconti-the Parish of Milton, next Gravesend, in the said Coun- nued, to take upon themt'elves, during the Minority of ty, to the River Medway, at or near to a certain Place the said Sir Brooke, and, in ca!e of his Death

called Nicho/fon's Ship Yard, in the Parish of Frindsbury, under Age, then during the respective Minorities of in the said County, through the several Parishes of Den- such of his Brothers as thall severally succeed to the ton. Chalk, Higham, Shorne, and Cliff, in the said Estate of Norton Priory, to make, complete, and n.ain-County; and ailo the making and maintaining of a Col- tain, a good Road for the Patfage of Cattle and Car-Jateral Canal or Cut, with Baiuns and Reservoirs, for riages from aforesaid to a certain Bridge

the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, over the Duke of Bridgewater's Canal, situate near the from or near to a certain Point, in the said intended House of Nixon, in Ha/ton aforesaid, and from Line of Canal, called White Wall, in the said Parish of ,thence to a Certain Lane, called The Summer Lane,

Frindsbury, to the River Medway, at or near to White leading from the said Bridge to the said Village of Wallatoresaid, would not only greatly facilitate and ren- Halton-, and also a like Road from the said Bridge der less expensive the Conveyance of Goods, Wares, and into the Road leading from Runcorn to the Village of Merchandize, between the Cities of London and Ro- Halton aforesaid; and also a like Road from the said chester (as a long and circuitous, and sometimes danger- Bridge, called Norton Bridge, to the said Cottage ous, Navigation in the open Sea would be avoided) but called Wood's , there to communicate with the

would also tend to promote the Improvement and bet- Road first hereinbefore mentioned, leading to War-ter Cultivation of the circumjacent Country, by the rington; and that the said proposed Roads w ill, in Conveyance of Manure, and would otherwise be of all Respects, be as commodious, and answer the same great Public Utility. Purposes, as the Roads and Footpaths intended to

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for be flopped; and that the Petitioners are witling to making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the oblige themselves, as Guardians and Trustees of the said iRiver Thames, near to the Town of Gravesend, in the Sir Richard Brooke, during his Minority, and, in cate County of Kent, to the River Medway, at a Place of his Death under Age, then, during the respective called Nicholson's Ship Yard, in the PariQi of Frindsbury, Minorities of such of his Brothers as thall severally fuc-in the said County; and also a certain Collateral Cut ceed to the said Estate of Norton Priory, and after the from White Wall, in the said Parish, to the said River said Sir Richard Brooke shall have attained his said Age Medway: And that Sir William Geary and Sir Edward of Twenty-one Years, or, in case of his Death under Knatchbulldo prepare, and bring in, the lame. Age, after such of his said Brothers as shall (ucceed him

in the said Estate shall have attained his Age of T.venty-Sir William Geary presented to the House, according one Years, that he the said Sir Brooke, or such

to Order, a Bill for increasing the Tolls authorized to of his said Brothers as shall lo (ucceed as aforesaid, his be taken on the Road leading from Sevenoaks Common to Heirs and Assigns, shall, from Time to Time, keep and the Market House in Tunbridge Town, by an Act passed maintain the said intended new Roads in good and fut-in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present ficient Repair: And therefore praying. That L ave may Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Sevenoaks be given to bring in a Bill for drafting the Purpol'ej Common to Woodsgate, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's aforesaid; in such Manner, and under such Regulations

Cross, in the County of Kent, and from Tunbridge Wells and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet,

to Woodsgate aforesaid: And the same was received; and Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the read the First Time. Confederation of a Committee: And that they do exa-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it

shall appear to them, to the House-:

A Petition of Sir Foster Cunlffe, of Aston Park, in And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Stanley, See.: the County of Denbigh, Baronet, and of Thomas Brooke, And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at iNine of of Norton Priory, in the County Palatine of Chester, the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power Esquire, Guardians and Trustees of Sir Richard Brooke, to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, of Norton Priory, in the same County, Baronet, a Minor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Commt««to forth, That a Part of the Road leading from Runcorn, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

6 cor.lider Sutpi).

Warwick,

Pontefract,

Poultry

Compter, and

Xudgate,

Debtors Pcti-,

toons *

Tetbury, 8tc9 Roads Petition.

40 Geo. III.

consider of the Motion made Yesterday, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That His Majesty's most Gracious Message of the 22d Day of January last, recommending to the House to make such further Provision as they may judge necessary for the several Branches of the Public Service, and the Prosecution of the War, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to aResolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 6° die; Anno 40° Georgii III. 14 Regis, 1800. Prayers.

A PETITION of the several and respective Persons, whole Names are thereunto set, being Debtors and Prisoners for Debt in His Majesty's Gaol or Prison of and for the County of Warwick: And also,

A Petition of the several Debtors confined in the Gaol at Rothwell, in and for the Liberty of the Honor of PontefraEl, in the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Poultry Compter, in the City of London: And also,

A Petition of the Citizens of London, confined for Debt in His Majesty's Prison of Luagate;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed to put in Execution Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads in the County of Gloucester, and of other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth, That great Progress has been made in the Repair of the said Roads, and the Tolls and Duties comprized in the last mentioned Act have been duly applied, and considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed, which still remain due, and the same cannot be repaid unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts are farther continued and enlarged, so far as the same relate to the Roads from Tetbury, and other Places in the County of Gloucester, included in the last mentioned

Act j and that the Road from the' End of Charlton Tything, where the Turnpike Road from Tetbury towards Wottonunderedge and Durjley (Part of the Roads comprized in the said Acts) ends, through the Bottom of the Town of Tetbury, across the Turnpike Road lead-

ing from the Market Place in the Town of Tetbury to Minehinhampton, through a Lane, called The Back Lane, to . join the Turnpike Road leading from to

Tetbury, at or near a Place there, called The Cross Lanes, is in a ruinous Condition, and not capable of being effectually amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Courlc of Law j and that it would be a great Public Convenience, by opening a Communication to Bristol, Vo L.55.

115

and several other Parts of the adjacent Country, if Powers were granted to make, divert, alter, widen, and repair, a certain Road leading from the Turnpike Road from Gloucester t(fBath at Nailjzvcrth, near the Chapel there,

to the Church at Horsley, as far as a Place or Road, called The White //'ay, leading to , and from the said Place across and through certain Orchards and Pieces of Arable and Pasture Land there, the Property of Joseph Lock, William Smith, and Joseph Howell, to join and open into the said Road or Way, leading to the Church at Horsley aforesaid, at or near The Boot Inn at

Horsley, and from thence through the Street of Horsley, to a certain Place, called The where_ the Road

or Way leading to Nymphsfield branches off, and from the said Place, called The Raggad, through and along the Road leading to and through a Wood, called The Latter-wood, to join another Turnpike Road leading from Gloucester to Bath, through Frocester, at or near the Toll Gate there: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, subject to such Powers, Provisions, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be'referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. EJlcourt, Mr. John Pitt,: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing certain Roads leading from the Nine Mile Stone, on the Bristol Road, to and 'near certain Places therein-mentioned, in the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for amending the Road from the Nine Mile Stone, on the Bristol Road, at or near a Place called The Clay Pits, to or near the Chapel at Stone, and also the Roads to and near Berkeley, Durjley, and

Sodbury, and several other Roads in the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts, whereby several Tolls were granted

for repairing the said Roads, which have been duly applied, and great Progreis made in such Repairs, and that considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed for that Purpose, which are still due and owing, and the same cannot be repaid unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are further continued and enlarged, except so far as the same relate to the Repair of the Roads to and near Sodbury aforesaid: And therefore praying. That

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Rcfttiftions, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. EJlcourt, Mr. Bragge, he.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and haye Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the Borough of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norjolk, in Common Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for clearing, depthening, repairing, maintaining, and improving, the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth, and for depthening and making more navigable the several Rivers emptying the mteives into the said Haven, and for preserving Ships wintering

therein

5® — 6° F.

Bristol and i$ctkcicy, &c. Roads locution.

Yarmouth Haven Pctu non.

6° Februarih A. 1800.

therein from Accidents by tire, certain Rates and Duties were authorized to be collected, for the Purpose of carrying the Provisions of the said Act into Execution; and that, by another Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, the said Act was amended and further continued; and that the several Rates and Duties granted by the said first-merttioned Act, for the Purpose of clearing and depthening the said Haven, and maintaining and keeping in Repair the Piers and Jettee, and the Capfterns, Cables, and Ropes, thereunto belonging, have been found inadequate for those Purposes, and the said Haven and Piers have fallen into Decay, and the said Piers and Jettee are in want of great Reparations, the Haven necessarily requires to be cleared and deptbened, and if not speedily done, will endanger the total Loss of Part of the said Piers, whereby the Petitioners and the Public will be deprived of the Benefit of the said Haven and Piers, which is of great Importance to the Trade and Commerce of these Kingdoms, and particularly to the Inhabitants of the said Borough, the City of Norwich, and the adjacent Counties; and that unless some additional Duties are granted, and further Powers given to the Petitioners for the Purpose of preserving the said Haven, Piers, and Jettee, by clearing and depthening the said Haven, and putting and keeping the said Piers and Jettee in Repair, the same will soon fall into total Ruin, and that several Amendments and Alterations are necessary to joe made in the said Acts: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for efLfting the several Purposes before-mentioned j with such Powers, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Coke of Nor-

folk, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Bwfeot Tythe A Petition of Edward Lovedett Loveden, of J'autioa. Parky in the Parish of Bvfcoty in the County of , Esquire, and Slade Baker, of the said Parish, Clerk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner Edward Loveden Loveden is Patron, and the Petitioner Slade Baker is Rector, of the Rectory and Parish Church of in the said County; and

that the Homesteads, Farms, and Lands, in the Parish of BuJcot aforesaid, are old Inclosure, and belong to the said Edward Loveden and others; and that

the said Slade Baker, as Rector of the said Rectory and Church, is entitled to all the Great and Small Tythes arising, increasing, and renewing, upon the said Homesteads, Farms, and Lands, and it will be convenient and advantageous to all the Proprietors of Homesteads, Farms, and Lands, in the said Parish, as well as to the Rector, for the Time being, of the said Rectory and Church, if the Great and Small Tythes aforesaid, were commuted for perpetual Com Rents, to be fixed and charged upon the respective Homesteads, Farms, and Lands aforesaid: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for fixing and settling a Commutation fdr the Great and Small Tythes of and upon the Homesteads, Farms, and Lands, within the said Parish, by the Payment of Corn Rents for ever for the fame; subject to such Regulations and Restrictions as. to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hicks Beach and Mr. Gore Langton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Canti«y, Stc. Mr. AJUey reported from the Committee, to whom

Drainage Pel Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are tition, re- thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of ported. divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, within the Parishes of Gantley and l in the County of Norfolk, to which are appendant or appurtenant Rights of Common over and upon the Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Parishes, was referred; That the.Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure and Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Fofler being examined, said. That there are within the said Parishes of CV and Hajfngkam certain Commons and Waste Grounds, and a large Traftof Marsh Land, which Marsh Land, and the greater Part of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, are frequently overflowed with Water, and are all, in their present State and Condition, but of little Profit to the several Persons interested therein; and that it would be advantageous to the Parties interested in the Premises, if the said Commons and Waste Grounds were divided and allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests; and if the said Marsh Land, and such Parts of the said Commons and Waste Grounds as are liable to be overflowed with Water, were drained.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Cant ley and Haf-singham, in the County of Norfolk, and for draining and preserving the lame, and also certain Marsh Lands, withiirthe said Parishes: And that Mr. AJlley and Mr. Buxton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Baker reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Ministers, Churchwardens, and Over-seers of the Poor, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint John, in

the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and bad directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Boydell, Esquire, being examined laid, That the present Workhouse belonging to the said Parish is not fufli-ciently large to contain the numerous Poor belong ng thereto, and is become in so ruinous and decayed a State as to render their Continuance therein not only very dangerous, but prejudicial to their Health and Comfort: And -being further examined, he laid. That if Power was given to build or provide a Workhouse for the said Parish, and to furnish and regulate the fame, and to govern and employ the said Poor, and for railing Monies sufficient for those Purposes, the Rates for their Relief would be rendered much lets burthensome to the said Parish, and the Poor be better maintained and provided for.

Mr. John Edkins and Mr. John Bliss confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint John, Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex: And that Mr. Baker, the Master of the Rolls Mr. Mainzvaring, and Mr. Byng, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. AJlley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Sal house, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

the

Harapstead Poor Petition, reported.

alho\if»InctQ, Inr^ Bill, pie lented.

Order for Account of Wheat, &c. imported, discharged.

Account of Wheat, &c. imported and exported, ordered.

Bill to continue Act for accepting Offers of Militia Regiments, ordered *

Bill to continue Act for Faniftnent of Attempts to seduct Set or Land Forces, ordered.

40 Geo. III. 6° Februarii.

117

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the 28th Day of January last, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Wheat, Wheat Flour, Oats, Oatmeal, Barley, and Rye, imported into Great Britain, from all Parts, distinguishing the Years, the Places from whence and where imported, from the Year 1794 to the latest Period, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Wheat, Wheat Flour, Oats, Oatmeal, Barley, and Rye, imported into, and exported from, Great Britain, from the Year .1794, inclusive, to the latest Period to which thejame can be made up; distinguishing the Years and the Places from whence and where exported and imported.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for empowering His Majesty, for a " Time and to an Extent to be limited, to accept the " Services of such Parts of His Militia Forces in this " Kingdom as may voluntarily offer themselves to be " employed in Ireland" might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for continuing the said Act until the Expiration of One Month after the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, for further continuing the said first-mentioned Act until the 20th Day of this Instant February, and for other Purposes,. might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing the said Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr. Secretary at War, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in " His Majesty's Forces, by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite " them to Mutiny or Disobedience," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the said Act until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for further continuing the said flrft-mentioned Act until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, for continuing the said first-mentioDed Ad until the 20th Day of this Instant February, and for other Purposes, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing the said Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Vo l,55. *

Mr. Wallace prefen ted to the House, pursu&nt to their Account of Orders, . JJvK *

N° 1. An Account, shewing the Amount of the Mo- Nov; 9 r-nies received from His Majesty's Exchequer for Naval Services, between the 5th January 1799 and the 3th -p"aen nuary 1800; distinguishing the Services to which the same have been applied: And also,

N° 2. An Account of the Amount of the Unfunded Debt of His Majesty's Navy, and of all Demands out-(landing on the 31st December 1799; distinguishing the Particulars of which the same consist, and also what Part of the said Debt was then provided for: And also,

N° 3. An Account, shewing the Amount of Monies received for the Service of the Victualling Department from the Exchequer, between the 5 th January 1799 and the 5th January 1800; distinguishing the Services to , which the same have been applied: And also,

N° 4. An Account, specitying the Amount of Monies paid for the Service of the Office for Sick and Wounded Seamen, between the 5th January 1799 and the 5th January 1800: And also,

N° 5. An Account of the Amount of Monies paid for the Service of Prisoners of War in Health, between the 6th January 1799 and the 5th January 1800.

Together with a Schedule of the said Accounts.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are prefenred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Kcpartfrom Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred ^'Motion 6c to consider of the Motion, made upon Tuesday last, Ybat Supply, a Supply be granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,;

That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Committee off resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to j^Pffi * consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Estimate , See. Navy for the Year t8oo, with an Estimate of the Half or'Jer d‘

Pay of Officers of the Navy, and such of the Officers of Ordinary of the Marines, as were employed in the last War, be laid , Ty before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of what may Extra Navy, be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty's Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1800, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Guards and Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1800, be G rrifon» laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Of- Oidaaac . flee of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1800, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant lUduced OS? Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces, and of such of " the Officers of Marines as were reduced before the late War, who are to be on Half Pay for the Year 1800, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of Out- CheHea Oui-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1800, be laid p"Con r before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of Services incurred, and Service incur, not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Hh Ordered,

118

rfirj Debt

Tnnsport Scnrice, &c.

6e — 70 Febructrti.

1800.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Common Right Houses, and no more; and the said Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy, as it flood Henry Styleman is Lord of the Manors of on

on the 31st Day of December 1799. ~ ' " ~

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of the probable Expence of the Transport Service, and for the Care and Custody of Prisoners of War in Health, at Home and Abroad, for the Year 1800.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House might and would be in case they were inclosed, divided, the said Estimates, Lift, and Account. and allotted, to be held and enjoyed in Severalty by the

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Proprietors of the said several Commonable Houses in

Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His aforesaid: And therefore praying, That Leave

rv, —

the Part of Lancaster. Dame Cicilys Rujtens and Hackens, in Snettifham aforesaid, and is also Owner and Proprietor

of 15 of the said Common Right Houses; and that it has been found, from Experience, that the said Commons and Tracts of Land cannot be improved and cultivated, or rendered of that Benefit and Value to the respective Owners thereof, as they otherwise

Address for Account of Money i(Tiled pursuant to Addresses,

Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued, by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, the said Commons and TraCls of Land, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Ajlley, Sir Martin Browne Folkes, and Mr, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Indemnity Bili» committed.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Bwt Bridge Acts, the One made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and com, nm the other in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading A Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to from Brent Bridge, in the County of , to Gajiing qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to Gate, in or near the Borough of Plymouth, in the said indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have County, was read a Second Time, omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications with- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elf or d , in the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time Mr. Stanley, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, limited for those Purposes; to indemnify Members and at Five of Che Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns *

whose Ad millions have been omitted to be stamped A Bill for altering, amending, and rendering more efi- Maney, Up-according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been fectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the aui.

foil Or millaid, and for allowing them Time to pro- Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act committed, vide Admissions duly stamped; to permit such Persons " for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, in the

as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the fame; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time directed by

several Parishes of Money, Downham,

Witthand in a certain extra-parochial Place in Byal Fen, within the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge f was read a Second Time.

- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Yorke, General , ice.: And they are to meet

Law, and for extending the Time limited for that Pur- this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's pole, was read a Second Time. Chamber. . '

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Com- A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open HoimptM ! -mittee of the whole House. Fields and Balks, or Pieces of Common and Waste ck fur Bm»

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom- Ground, within the Township of Holmpton, in the Pa-ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, rishes of Holmpton zndHollym cum Withernsea, in -

upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 70 die Februarii; Anno 40° Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1800. Prayers.

ness, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. force, Mr. Henry Lascelles, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Dickinson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two several Acts, made and passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present

Irtlchester Roids Petition, reported *

SnettUhftvfi tn-closure Petition.

A PETITION of Henry Styleman, of Snettifham, Majesty, for the Repair of several Roads therein dein the County of Norfolk, Esquire, ‘Thomas Rand, feribed, in the County of Sometfet, so far as the said

of the same Place, Surgeon, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, Owners and Proprietors of the several Commonable Messuages in Snettifham aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, Two certain large Tracts of Land, containing together 599

Acts relate to the Ivelchester Turnpike Roads, was referred } That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Re-

Acres, now used as dinted Common of Pasture, to be port in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at 'the

fed and depastured by the Owners and Proprietors of Common Right Houses, in Snettifham aforesaid, or their Tenants thereof, respectively, and no other Persons 1 and that there are, in the said Parish, 41 of such

Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed!; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of

his

p-

i *

L

40 Geo III. f Februafit. 119

/ .

Leicester

Debtors

Petition.

Leicester and Narborough, ice. Roads Bill, committed.

Womerflcy Inclosure Petition.

his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads Wilberforce and Mr. Henry do prepare, and

therein mentioned leading to and from the Towns of bring in, the fame.

Shepton Malet and lvelchester, in the County of Somerset:

And also, an Act for continuing the Term and altering A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and leicester n<l and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, fd far as the enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twen- ^micft Roadt same relates to the Roads therein, called The lvelchester ty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, and in the Nineteenth Bill, commit-iTurnpike Roads, were severally read: And, Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road Ull‘

Mr. George Tufonbeing examined, said, That the from the Borough of , in the County of Lei-

Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, cefttr, to the Town of Ashby de-la-Zouch, in the said have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and have County, was read a Second Time, made great Progress in repairing that Part of the said Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edmund Roads, called The lvelchester Roads, and have borrowed Cradock Mr. Fyner, See.: And they are to

several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of meet this Afternoon, it. Five of the Clock, in the the Tolls authorized to be taken thereon, which Money Speaker's Chamber, cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads kept in proper

Repair, unless the Term granted by tire said Acts be The Lord Hawkesbury reported to the House; That Answer ( further continued, as to the said lvelchester Roads, and their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be Adtir'rs' the Powers of the said Acts altered and enlarged: — And graciously plealed to give t)ireftions to the proper Of the Witness added, That it would be a great Conveni- fleers, that the Estimates, Lift, and Account therein ence to the Trustees for the Care of the said Roads, if mentioned, might belaid before this House) had been the said Two former Acts, so far as the same relate presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had ' thereto, were repealed, and all the Powers and Au- commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will thorities, necessary to be granted or continued, for re- give Directions accordingly;

pairing the said Roads, and paying the Money now due, . .; .

were contained in One Act of Parliament. Mr. reported froth the Committee, appointed Report Expir,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for to enquire what Public General Laws have expired ,n£ Llwt-

more effectually amending, widening, improving, and within Twelve Months preceding the Commencement

keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Town of the present Session of Parliament; and allb, what of lvelchester, in the County of Somerset: And that Mr. Laws are about to expire within Twelve Months subse-Dickinjou, Mr. Gore Langton, and Mr. Dickinson, Junior, quest to the Commencement of the present Session, or do prepare, and bring in, the lame. in the Course of the next Session, or at the End thereof,

and to report the fame, from Time to Time, to the

A Petition of the Debtors now confined Prisoners in House, with their Opinion which of them are fit to be the Town and County Gaols of Leicester, in the County revived, continued, or made perpetual }and to whom of Leicester, was prefen ted to the House, and read} the Report which, upon the 12th Day of May 1796, Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief. was made from the Committee, who were appointed to Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, inspect and conGder all the Temporary Laws of a Public , ' . Nature expired or exdiring, was referred; That the

A Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, and Committee had made a further Progress, and had come improving, the Roads from the Borough of Leicester \|o several other Resoludons, which they had directed in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Narborough, him to report to the House} and he read the Report icL and from the said Borough of Leicester to the Town of his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Earl Shilton, and from the said Town of Earl Shilton to Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were the Town of Hinckley, in the said County, was read a read} and are as followeth; iriz.

Second Time. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edmund That an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Cradock Hartopp, Mr. Buxton, See.: And they are to Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the " establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Speaker's Chamber. " Newfoundland, and the Islands adjacent," which, by

Five Acts, of the Thirty-fourth, Thirty-fifth, Thirty-- A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are sixth, and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of His pre-thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the sent Majesty, and of this Session of Parliament, was rest of the Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, further continued until the 20th Day of February 1800, the Open Arable Fields, Ings, Pastures, Commons, and is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Waste Lands, and other Lands and Grounds, within Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the Township of IVomerfley, in the West Riding of the That Two Acts, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Reign of His present Majesty, and also an Act, made Setting forth, That the Property of the several Owners in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present and Persons interested in the said Open Arable Fields, Majesty, relating to the Admission of certain Articles lie intermixed and dispersed, and inconvenient for the ,of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Cultivation thereof, and the fame, and also the said Orders in Council for that Purpose, which Acts were,

Ings, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, in their by Four Acts, of the Thirty-seventh, Thirty-eighth, present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Im- and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present provement, but if divided and inclosed, and specific Majesty, and of this Session of Parliament, further con *

Shares' or Proportions thereof allotted to the several tinued until the 20th Day of February 1800, are near

Persons interested, according to their respective Rights expiring, and fit to be continued.

and Interests therein, and the fame, and also the old Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Inclosures within the said Township, were exonerated That an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the from Tythes, and a Compensation maide in lieu thereof, Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act, it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the re- " authorizing His Majesty, for a limited Time, to spective Persons interested, and of Public Utility; And " make Regulations respecting the Trade and Com-therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in " merce to and from The Cape of Good Hope," which a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid} in such Manner, and was by Three Acts, of the Thirty-eighth and Thirty-under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and House shall leem meet. of this Session of Parliament, further continued, until

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- the 20th Dry of February 1800, is near expiring, and suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr, fit to be continued.

Vol. 55. Resolved,

a *

120

Instru6hon,

&c. to Committee on Af-ltrc of Bread.

Answrr to Addrtfs.

Bill to continue Act for

accepting Offers of Militia Regiments, presented.

Bill to continue Act for Punishment of Attempts to ieduce Sea or Land Forces, presented.

Committee of Supply.

° Februarit. . 1800.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty, by Order in Council, to permit, until Six Weeks after " the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, such Goods as shall be specified in such Order " to be imported into this Kingdom in Neutral Ships," which was, by an Act of this Session of Parliament, continued until the 20th Day of February 1800, is near expiring, and (it to be continued.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put 4hereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were postponed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to-bring in a Bill, pursuant to the First Resolution of the said Committee, and which has been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Acts mentioned in the subsequent Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been postponed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee appointed to consider of Means for rendering more effectual the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for better regulating the Assize and Making of Bread," that they do consider of the most effectual Means of remedying any Inconveniencies which may arise from the Deficiency of the last Crop of Grain.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House.

The Lord Hawke/bury reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for empower- ing His Majesty, for a Time and to an Extent to be " limited, to accept the Services of such Parts of His " Militia Forces in this Kingdom as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in And the

feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the " better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces, by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience:" And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Estimate , kek House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty, presente-i.

Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and Guards and other His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Jersey, Gamfons. Guernsey, and Alderney, from 2jtVi December 1799 to 24th December 1800, both inclusive, being 365 Days:

And also,

Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Forces in the Plantations, &c. including those at Gibraltar, in Portugal, Plantation , at Minorca, and other Stations in the Mediterranean, and The Cape of Good Hope, and a Corps of Foot in New South Wales, from 25th December 1799 to 24th December 1800, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, General and and Officers of the Hospitals serving with the Forces in stair officers. Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, for the Year 1800: &c *

And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Particulars of the Charge of particulars of the General and Staff Officers, and Officers o? the D° u Hospitals, serving with the Forces in Great Britain,

" Guernsey, and Jersey, for the Year 1800 :" And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of cheifes Out-Chelsea Hospital for the Year 1800. PenOooer.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer also presented to the House, by His Majesty's Con>mand,

Estimate of the Charge of the Difference between. Difference be-the British and Irish Pay of Six Regiments of Foot for tween BHtid» Service Abroad ifrom 25th December 1799 to 24th nd Pa7 December 1800, both inclusive, being,365 Days: And also, ' ,

Estimate of the Charge of Four Regiments of Light Troops in Dragoons, and Sixteen Regiments of Foot, for Service dndia in East India, from 25th December 179910 24th Decem-

ber 1800, both inclusive, being 365 Days; And also, >

Estimate of the Charge of Four Troops of Dragoons, Recruiting f«c and Sixteen Companies of Foot, Rationed, in Great D !

Britain, for the Purpose of recruiting the Regiments serving m East India, from 25th December 1799 to 24th December 1800, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Recruiting and Contingen- Recruiting ctes for His Majesty's Land Forces, and of the Charge of ^nd Forw Extra Feed for the Cavalry in Great Britain, as well in c‘ Barracks as in Quarters, for the Year 1800: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Militia of Embodied Great Britain, of the Royal Coqis of Miners of Cornwall Militis, fee. and Devon, of Two Regiments of Irish Militia, and of several Corps of Fencible Infantry, for the Year 1800:

And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Contingencies for the Em- Contingencies bodied Militia of Great Britain, and for several Corps of {ur D°-Fencible Infantry, for the Year 1800: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Clothing for the Embodied Clothing for Militia of Great Britain, for the Corps of Miners of D' Cornwall and Devon, and for Two Regiments of Irish Militia on the i?r/ty/4 Establishment, for the Year 1800:

And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Full p-.y to Officers of His Majesty's Forces, from 25th December ^"^oifiTers.

799

I 21

40 Geo. III. 70 Februarii,

Uowsnces to the Paymaster General, &c.

Subsistence paid to Ian-peepers.

Half Pay.

P.

Do.

1799 to 24th December 1S00, both inclusive, being 363 Days: And alt'o,

Estimate of the Charge of the Allowance to the Pay-master General of His Majesty's Land -Forces, to the Commiftary General of the Mutters, to the Judge Advocate General, to the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymatler General, for the Year 1800; And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the increased Rates of Subsistence, to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on quartering Soldiers, and of the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, in lieu of Small Beer, for the Year 1800: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's L, and Forces and Marines for the Year 1800: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade in the Service of The States General, for the Year 1800: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's American forces, for the Year 1800: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the In-Pensioners of Chel- chelfra in-sea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, 1 enl,0"eii fort lie Year 1800: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows Per,-Widows of Officers of the Land Forces for the Year fio"s,

1800: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Volunteer Corps of Cavalry Volunteer and Infantry in Great Britain, for the Year 1800: And Corps, also,

Estimate of the Charge of Foreign Corps in the Ser- Foreign Corps. vice of Great Britain, for the Year 1800: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Expences incurred, B Track and expected to be. incurred, in ti e Barrack-master D?flr!ment< General's Department, in the Year 1800: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Works an 1 Repairs of Scotch P.oa-Js. the Military Roads and Bridges in North for the

Year 1800.

Together with a Schedule of the said Estimates and Paper.

And the said Schedule was read.

The said Estimates and Paper are as followeth j 7Jz,

' VOL, 55.

n estimate

t

D

cq'

n'

CD

Q_

cr

a

o

eg

FT

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Jv/ey, , and Alderney, from 25th December 1799 to December i$oo

both inclusive, being 365 Days.

CORPS.

f first Regiment of Life Guards - -

3 < Second D° ——

X LRoyal Regiment of Horse Guards -

First Regiment of Dragoon Guards Second D° ——

C

o

Third D Fourth D° Fifth D8 Seventh D" Lieutenant

Dragoons

General' Golds

Regiment

of

a

o

o

to

tat)

3

Sir Ralph Ab

Sir Charles Grey's - -

Sir Robert Slo - -The Earl of Pembroke's

Lieutenant General David -

The Prince of Wales's ——

The Marquis of Lothian's -

General Craig's ——

Major General Egerton's ——

Lord Dorchester's ——

General llarcourt's ——

Major General De Lancey's -

The Marquis of Drogheda's -

Colonel Beaumont's ——

Major General Slavery's ——

M a f First Regiment of Foot Guards -

c < Coldflream D - -

t Third D8 - -

''"'Lord Adam Gordon's Regiment of Foot, Second Battalion -

o

o

U,

Lieutenant General Coates's ——

The Earl of Chatham's, Three Battalions -

Sir Aiured Clarkes, Two Battalions - -

Lieutenant General Bertie's, Three Battalions - -

Numbers. Fay of Uommissioned Officer, Non commissioned Officers, and Private Mcit, including the Additional Allowance to Subalterns, See. Charge of Clot!) r.g f< r Non-Com mi ironed Officers and Private Men. Agency.

353 35° 567 1,270 £ S. d 1 D 1 1 1 ^111 1 £'s. d.

1,018 — 47,7" 11 8 4>936 4 3 602 11 7

850 — 40,219 19 2 4.II4 II 4 506 3 2

850 — 4 ',2i9 19 2 4,114 II 4 5.6 3 2

850 — 40,21919 2 4,114 XI 4 506 3 2

850 — 40,219 19 2 4,114 n 4 506 3 2

850 — 40,219 19 2 4,114 II 4 506 3 2

850 — 40,219 19 2 4,114 II 4 .506 3 2

850 — 40,219 19 2 4,114 14 4 £0 6 3 2

851 — 40,256 9 2 4,120 18 1 506 10 9

850 — 40,21919 2 4114 11 4 506 3 2-

850 — 40,219 19 2 4,114 11 4 5-6 3 2

850 — 40,219 19 2 4,114 11 4 506 3 2

850 — 40,219 19 2 4,114 11 4 506 . 3 2

850 — 40,219 19 2 4,114 11 4 506 3 2

8 50 — 40,219 19 2 4,1 14 11 4 506 3 2

850 — 40,2x9 19 2 4,114 11 4 506 3 2

850 " 40,219 :g 2 4,114 11 4 506 3 2

850 — 40,21919 2 4.114 11 4 506 3 2

850 — 40,219 19 2 4,114 11 4 506 3 2

850 — 40,219 19 2 4,114 11 4 5° 6 3 2

850 — 40,040 IO — 4,114 ‘ 4 5°4 11 3

850 5,242 3>275 18,869 11,792 40,219 19 2 4,114 11 4 mmmm rnmmtm m 506 3 2

785 — 20,466 4 9 2>392 9 3 «42 2 3

785 20,705 — 2 2>392 9 3 244 4 10

3>7°2 — 88,582 I 9 10,287 8 3 885 4 3

2,468 — 59,092 14 11 6,858 5 6 59° 9 7

3>7°2 88,582 1 9 10,287 8 3 885 4 3

Allowances to Captains and Riding Matters.

£ ' d-

879 12 —

733 ——

733 ——

733 ——

733 ——

733 ——

733 ——

733 ——

733 ——

733 ——

733 ——

733 ——

733 ——

733 ——

733 ——

733 ——

733 ——

733 ——

733 ——

733 ——

733 ——

733 ——

521 1

521 2

1.864 10 i,?43 "

1.864 10

6

6

T O t A' t.

jf. s. d.

30,710 2 5

3°»395 IS 9

41,917 4 2

54,i29 19 6

45>573 13 8

45,573 13 8

4'>573 13 8

43,573 13 8

45,573 13 8

45>573 13 8

45>573 3 8

45>6i6 18 —

45,573 13 8

45,573 13 8

45,573 13 8

45,573 13 8

45,573 13 8

45,573 »3 8

45,573 13 8

45,573 13 8

45,573 13 8

45,573 »3 8

45 573 13 8

45,392 12 7

45,573 13 8

i53,4'7 19 6

99,418 1.5 4

99-473 10 4

23,621 18 9

23,862 16 9

101,619 4 3

67,784 10 —

i 101.619 ! 9 4 3

103,023 2 4

1,011,039 9 9

3 57>310 5 2

o

5

2-.

CO

o

o

o

iA

D

eg'

i — H

N'

CD

CL

cr <

CD

o

eg

rT

CO

H

H

1

c

o

u~>

General Grant's -

Lieutenant General Powell's Two Battalions

Lieutenant General Hamilton's -

Lieutenant General Grenville's -Lord George Henry Lennox's - -

General MaJJey's -

Major General Forbes's -

General Fletcher's, Two Battalions

Sir George OJlom's, Two Battalions General Maitland's - -

General Trapaud's, Two Battalions

General ‘Tottenham's - -

General Mathew's, Two Battalions

The Earl of Balcarres's -

Lieutenant General Stevens's Lieutenant General - - <

General Gordon's -

Major General Stuart's -

Coionel Cameron's - -

Major General Nugent's

The Marquis of Huntley's - -

Major General Wemy's - - - -Royal Garrison Battalion - - <

Royal Waggon Train Staff Corps - -

Garrisons

Total -

Deduct, the Sum already voted on Account of the above Services, for Two Months, from 25th December 1799 to 24th February 1800, both inclusive ——

Remains to be provided - -

War Office,

7th February 1800.

2,223 — 2.7 03 18 3

- 2,246 54>°93 25 3

- 2,468 — 59,092 14 11

718 _ 29 399 7 5

1 123 — 27,103 18 3

785 — 20,705 — 2

I > 34 " 29,603 8 1

785 — 20,705 — 2

- 2,468 " 59,^92 14 11

- 2,468 — 59,092 14 11

785 — 20,705 — 2

2,246 ~ 54.093 15 3

78s — 20,705 — 2

- 2,246 — 54.093 2 5 3

L234 — 29,603 8 1

718 — 29.399 7 5

785 20,705 — 2

718 — 29.399 7 5

7 1 8 ~ 29.399 7 5

785 " 20,584 17 3

785 — 20,705 — 2

i.i 3 " 7 203 28 3

- 690 — ' 17,492 4 11

701 — 18,283 1 7

4I> 79 " —

— 627 22,100 15 —

— - 444 10,931 15 -

m " 5>792 121,672 15 —

3°2 28,734 17 6

| 80,275 2,091,321 16 8

1 m MM -

JV. Windham.

3,120 6 8 270 9 7 VA ON VA 3I<°59 H 6

6,240 13 4 539 18 II 1,13° — —; 62,004 7 6

6,858 5 6 59° 9 7 ».243 — 67,784 10 —

2.177 18 I 226 12 6 473 lS — 22,277 13 —

3,120 6 8 270 9 7 565 — — 3i.°59 14 6

2-392 9 3 244 4 IO 521 2 6 23.8C2 16 9

3.429 2 9 2 95 14 II 621 IO — 33.949 5 9

2.392 9 3 244 4 IO 521 2 6 23,.62 16 9

6,858 5 6 59° 9 7. 1,243 — — 67,784 10 —

6,858 5 6 590 9 7 1,243 — — 67,784 10 —

2.392 9 3 244 4 IO 521 2 6 23,862 16 9

6,240 3 4 539 18 11 1,13° — — 62,004 7 6

2,392 9 3 244 4 IO 521 2 6 23.862 16 9

6,240 13 4 539 18 11 1,13° — — 62,004 7 6

3>429 2 9 2 95 14 II 621 IO — 33 949 5 9

2,177 18 I 226 12 6 4/ 3 5 — 22 277 13 —

2,392 9 3 244 4 10 52c 2 6 23.862 16 9

2.177 18 1 226 12 6 473 15 — 22,277 13 —

2,177 18 1 226 12 6 43 15 — 22,277 13 —

2,392 9 3 243 3 6 521 2 6 23.741 12 6

2.392 9 3 244 . 4 10 521 2 6 23,862 16 9

3,120 6 8 270. 9 7 565 — — 31.059 x4 6

1 975 8 8 210 12 3 4^3 5 — 20,152 — 10

2,093 8 8 217 17 2 4' 3 5 — 21,068 2 5

- - - - 1,166,202 9 9

2,500 — — 294 10 7 160 — — - - 25.055 5 7

1.123 9 9 106 2 2 80 — — - - 12,241 6 11

15,000 — — i»31# h 6 5,320 — — - - 43.3 ii 9 6

782 2 2 — - ' 55 — — - - 29,571 >9 8

228,015 17 10 23.635 2 2 44,449 4 6 - - - 2,847,755 8 8

510^96 — —

- - * - - - - £. 2,337,159 8 8

i -

v >

40 Geo. III. 70 Februarii.

E S T IM AT E of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, &c. including those at in Portugal, at Minorca, and other Stations in the Mediterranean, and at The Cape

of Good Hope, and a Corps of Foot in New South Wales\ from 25th 'December 1799 to 24th December 1800, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

CORPS, Sec. Numbers. Pay of Commissioned Officers, Non-Com mif (ioned Officers, and Private Men, including the Additional Allowance to Subalterns, &c. Charge of Clothing for the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men. Agency. Allowances to Captains and Riding Mailers. T O T A L.

£ s. d. d. I- £. s. d. £ / j£. d.

Lord Hectifeld' % Regiment of Light Dragoons - - — 348 16,714 14 5 17 8 2 93 18 6 , 367 17, — ' 19,0918 7 1

Sir Robert Lawries - -- - 703 3?,°9I 14 2 3,377 5 11 45° 5 5 634 9 — 39>553 1 + 6

Sir James Stuart's - ----- -- 684 — 32,962 10 10 3,292 18 5 411 12 9 586 8 — 37»253 IO —

General Manners's - -- - 684 — 32,962 10 10 3,292 18 5 411 12 9 586 8 — 37,253 IO —

2,071 m - - - > - - - 114,060 14 6

General Hall's Regiment of Foot ----- - 718 9»399 7 5 2,177 18 I 22 6 12 6 473 15 — 1 22,277 13

Prince William's - - - -- - - -- 718 — i9>399 7 5 2,177 18 I 226 12 6 473 15 — 22,277 13 —

The Duke of Kent's ----- -- --- 718 — 19,581 rj 5 2,177 18 I 228 2 11 473 15 — 22,461 13 5

Lieutenant General Hotham's - - - 718 — 19,399 7 5 2,177 18 I 226 12 6 473 15 — 22,277 13

Major General Simcoe's - -- 1 123 — 27,103 18 3 3,no 6 8 270 9 7 565 3',°59 14 6

Lieutenant General Whyte's ----- -- 718 — i9>399- 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 15 — 22,277 13 —

Sir Charles Stuart's - -- - 7i8 — 19,399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226. 12 6 473 15 — 22,277 13 -L —

Major General Manners' s - -- -- - 718 ' 19,399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 15 — 22,277 13 — -

The Earl of Rojs's - -- - 718 — 19, 99 7 5 2,177 18 1 2:6 12 6 473 15 — '2,277 13 —

Lord Southampton's - -- - t»I23 — 27,103 18 3 3,120 6 8 27O 9 7 565 3i,r59 14 6

Lieutenant General Rooke's - -- - - -- - . 718 — 19,399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 15 — ' 22,277 !3

Lieutenant General Balfour's ----- -- 718 — 19,399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 lS — 22,277 13 _

Lieutenant General Stirling's ----- -- 718 — 19>399 7- 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 15 — 22,277 13 _

Lieutenant General Smith's ----- --- 7.8 J9,9 9 7 5 2,177 18 1 2:6 12 6 ' 473 15 — 22,277 13

Lieutenant General Adeane's ----- -- 718 — 19,399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 — 22,277 13 —

General Dairy triple's - -- - 1,123 — 27,103 18 3 3,120 6 8 27O 9 7 565 ' 3D059 '4 6

Sir fames Duffe's - -- 718 — 19,399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 15 — 22,277 !3 _

Lieutenant General Crosbie's- ----- -- 718 — 19-399 7 5 2,177 18 1 22 6 12 6 473 J5 — 22,277 13 _

General Campbell's - -- - 718 — „ '9,399 7 5 2,177 18 1 2:6 12 6 473 15 — 2.2,277 3 —

Lieutenant General Gordon's ----- --- 718 — 19,399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 5 ~ 22,277 !3 _

The Royal AmericanRegiment, Six Battalions - - 6,843 — 169,689 5 4 19,086 14 4 1,7 4 2 — 3,543 194,033 I 8

General Morris's -- ----- ---- I>i47 — 28,062 — 9 3, M8 15 7 2S7 3 1 603 5 — 32,201 4 5

The Lari of Clanricarde's ----- -- - 71S — j9>399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 15 — '22,277 13

Lieutenant General Johnson's - i>i47 — 28,062 — 9 3,248 15 7 287 3 1 603 5 — 32,201 4 5

Colonel Campbell's - -- - i,i47 — 28,062 — 9 3,248 15 7 287 3 1 603 5 — 32,201 4 5

Lieutenant Colonel Shank's Corps ----- - 433 27,010 10,120 15 4 1,128 7 9 83 H 6 113 n,445 17 7

GARRISONS, 796,443 10 5

£htebec, Montreal, Upper Canada, Nova Scotia, New Bruns '

wick. Cape Breton, Saint John's and Placentia in New-

foundland, and Saint John's Island ----- -- 1 - — — . — — — - 6,300 18 1 4

124 7° Februariu A. 1800.

D

CQ-

r — h

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

o

fT

o

VA

Jamaica, Grenada, St. Vincent's, Dominica, and Tobago - -

Officers serving -frith His Majesty's Forces in North America, the West Indies, Gibraltar, Portugal, and at

The Cape of Good Hope ——

Officers of the Hospitals serving in North America, the West Indies, Minorca, Portugal, and at The Cape of Good Hope .- - -

GIBRALTAR:

Sir James Pulteney'sRegiment of Foot - -

Sir He zv Dairy tuple's ——

GeneralRainsford's - - ,- - -

General Tonyn's - - - - -

Officers of the Gatrifon of Gibraltar, &c. - -

MINORCA:

Lieutenant General Ralph Duhdas's Regiment of Foot - -

General Prescott's -

Sir HeSlor Munro's- a - . -« _r_ &

General Scott's ——

Colonel John Stuart's ——

NEW SOUTH WALES: Colonel Groje's Corps - - - -‘ -

W

rr

To be paid by the Island of Jamaica, being the Charge of Lord Heathfield's Regiment of Light Dragoons, and of the 1 ft and 4th Battalions of the Royal American Regiment ——

to

to

H

w

Total -

Deduff, the Sum already voted on Account of the above Services, for Two Months, from 25th December 1799 to 24th February 1800, both inclusive -

Remains to be provided -

War Office,

7 th February \ 800,

718

7i8

718

718

2,872

718 718 I»I2 3 718 M23

4,4°o

710

37>4 1

19,39? 9,399 19,399 19,3 99

9,399

9,399

27,103

9,399

7

7

7

7

7

7

18

7

W. Windham,

S

S

o

O

5

26,989 17 —

' 7,420 15 4

1,019,720 13 11

(5,joo

M H

— I

; 1 - -

— i

2,177 1 226 12 6 . 473 15 ~

2,177 8 1: .226 12 6: 473 15 —

2,177 18; 226 12 . 473 5 —

12,177 18 I _ l_ t ' 1 , 226 12 6 473 5 "

2,177 l8 I 226 12 6 473 15 —

2,177 8 i 226 12 6 473 15 -r

'3,120: 8 270 9 7 s6s

2,177 »8 1 226 12 6 473 15 —

.3,120,6' 8 269 9 4 565

1.978 '' i' 3 198 19 426 7 6

1 3.673 5'

u,444 5 a

;22,7J5 19 6

22,2^7 U 22,277, 3

22.277 3

22.277 I j

22,277' j _

22.277 IJ — 31,059 1+ 6

22.277 3 — 30,944 13 —

2.7 5 3 3 62,211 19 — 11,497 10 —

89,110 12 3»737 3

128,837 6 6

20,024 3 6

1.254.047 18 1

83,087 4 7

1,170,960 13 6

166,480 — —

1,004,480 13 6

O

o

w

o

126

70 Februarii

A \ 1800

ESTIMATE of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the

Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and jersey, for the Year 1800.

General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in Great Britain,

Guernsey, and Jersey, from the 25th December 1799 to 24th December 1800, both inclusive,

being 365 Days - - - -.....- - £.105,054 7 11

War Office,

7th February 18co.

Windham.

PARTICULARS of the Charge of the General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and jersey, for the Year 1800.

Captain General, and Commander in Chief -Six Aides de Camp, each 172. 17s. 6d. -Secretary ——

Chaplain - -

Surgeon -

One General -

Three Aides de Camp, each £.171. 6d.

Niiie Lieutenant Generals, each £. 1,383 Eighteen Aides de Camp, each £.172. 17s. 6d.

£ t. d. 3,457 to — ,037 5 ~ 172 17 6

1 5 5 " 172 17 6

2,074 10 — 518 12 6

12,447 —

3>m 15

Twenty-six Major Generals, each £.691. 10/. Twenty-six Aides de Camp, each £.172.

6d.

7,979 — 4.494 15

Two Adjutant Generals, each £.34^. 15J. -

Deputy Adjutant General

Quarter-master General - _

Two Deputy Quarter-matter Generals, each £.345. ifr. - - - 1 _

Barrack-master General

Ten Aides de Camp to the King, each £. 189. ys. old. -Five Assistant Adjutant Generals, each £.259. 6 s. 3d.

Five Assistant Quarter-master Generals, each £. 259. 6s. - - _

Twenty-six Majors of Brigade, each £. 172. 17;. 6d.

Chaplain General....

Physician General -Surgeon General

I-nfpector of Regimental Hospitals - -

Apothecary General....

Inspector of Health - -

Principal Veterinary Surgeon....

Military Commandant of Hospitals ....

One Assistant Inspector of Hospitals -

Four Ditto, each £-345- 1SS _

One Physician -

Fourteen Ditto, each ,£.345. 15 s.

One Inspector of Regimental Hospitals in the Districts - -

Two Ditto, each £.172. 17 s.6d. ——

Twenty-nine Surgeons, each £.171. 17 s. 6d.

Twelve Apothecaries, each £. 172, 17/. 6d. 7

One Purveyor of Hospitals - - - - . - - .

Eight Deputy Purveyors, each £.172. 17 s. 6 d.

Carried forward - - *

Charge for 365 D

s.

d.

>9SS 5 —

2,593 *

5 558 15 —

22,473 5 —

691

345

345

691

691

1,894

1.296

1.296 4,494

345

172

172

172

172

691

.172

345

691

,383

691

4,84 2 345 345 5>°i3 2,074 432

1,383

5 — 5 —

o —

0 5

3

3 5 — 5 — 7 6 7 6 7 6 7 6 o —

7 6

5 — o —

o —

o --

5 —

r *

10 —

3' 9

76,778 4 2

40 Geo. Ill

7° Februarii.

Brought forward

NORTH BRITAIN:

Commander of the Forces as Lieutenant General -Two Aides dc Camp, each ,£.172. 17 -

Secretary -

Lieutenant General -

Two Aides deCamp, each £.172. 17s. 6d.

Four Major Generals, each £. 691. 10 Four Aides de Camp, each £.172. 17 6d.

Deputy Adjutant General - -

Deputy Quarter-matter General -

Two Majors of Brigade, each £.172. 6d.

Deputy Judge Advocate and Clerk of the Courts-martial Commissary of Stores and Provisions -

Deputy Commissary -

Baggage Matter and Inspector of the Roads Inspector of Hospitals ——

Physician ——

Surgeon - -

Apothecary ——

Commander of the Forces as Lieutenant General Two Aides de Camp, each £.172. 17 6d.

ilajor of Brigade - -

Surgeon ——

JERSEY:

Commander of the Forces as Lieutenant General Two Aides de Camp, each £.172. 17 s. 6d.

Major General One Aide de Camp

Major of Brigade Surgeon

Twenty-two Hospital Mates, each £. 136. 17 s. 6d.

One Hundred and Thirteen Ditto, each £.91. 5

Total

127

Charge for 365 Days.

76,778 4 2

£. s. d.

- 1,383 ——

- 345 5 —

172 17 6

1,383 ——

345 15 —

- 2,766 ——

691 10 —

1,901 12 6

1,728 15 —

3,457 0 —

172 17 6

172 17 6

345 >5 ~ 172 17 6

171 17 6 345 15 —

86 8 9

691 10 —

345 5 —

172 17 6

172 17 6

C d.

1,383 ——

345 15 —

1,728 15 — 172 17 6

172 17 6

£ d.

- _ 1,383 ——

- 345 5 "

691 10 — 172 17 6

jC *

- - 3,011 5 —

- 10,311 5 —

1,728 15 —

864 7 6

172 17 6 172 17 6

91,731 17 11

13,322 —

105,054

7 11

WBMT

War Office,

7th February 1800.

/F.

Vol. 55.

ESTIMATE

7° Febrmru.

A. 180a.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Hospital, for the Year 1800.

16,264 Out Pensioners, at Five Pence per Dim each, from 25th December 175(9 to 24th Dumber 1800, deducting for Pensions unclaimed, £.2,991. 12

400 Letter Men, at One Shilling per Dim each -

31 Serjeants, at Nine Pence per Dienreach ——

16,6^5

Additional Pensions to Blind and Disabled Men

To the Collectors of Excise for paying the Out-Pensioners To the Agent's Clerks -

To the Agent-of Out-Pensioners per Annum

From which deduct> out of Poundage on the Out-Pensions -

1,169 10 378 — 1,000

2,547 10

1,200 —

Deduct, already provided on the Estimates of the Guards and Garrisons, and of the Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, for the Year 1800 -

War Office,

7th 'February 1800.

In all to be made good

W. Windham.

L-

£ s' 120,682 10 10 7,300 — — 424 6 3

128,406 17 1

900 — — 129,306 17 1

>347 to —

3^54 7 *

1^,010 17 4

114,643 9 9

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Difference between the British and Pay of Six Regiments of Foot for Service Abroad, from 25th Decmber 1799 to 24th December 1800, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

ONE REGIMENT OF FOOT:

Pay of Commissioned Officers, ^Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, including the Additional Allowance to Subalterns, &c. ——

Charge of Clothing for Noa-commissioned Officers and Private Men ——

Agency ——

Allowances to Captains

To be paid by Ireland for One Regiment -

Difference

The Charge of the like Difference for Five Regiments more

Total -

Numbers.

718

War Office,

7 th February 1800.

W. Windham.

3>59°

4 >3°8

Charge for 365 Days.

£. s. d.

19>399 7 S

2,177 18 1

226 12 6 473 15 " *

22,277 3 " 15,127 6 6

f s. d. 7,150 6 6

35>75 12 6

42,901 19 —

ESTIMATE

40 Geo. III.

7° Februa

129

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Four Regiments of Light Dragoons, and Sixteen Regiments of Foot, for Service in East Indiaj from 25th December 1799 to 24th December 1800, both inclusive, being 365 Days. x

Lord Viscount Howe's Regiment of Light Dragoons: Pay ----- ---- T .- -

Clothing ——

Agency ——

Allowances to the Captains, Paymaster, and Riding Matter ——

Lieutenant General Gwyn's - - the same ? - -Lieutenant General Blatbwayte's . the same - - -Major General Vyje's - - - -> the same -

Lieutenant General Fox's Regiment of Foot:

Pay....

Clothing -

Agency ——

Allowances to the Captains, Paymaster, and Serjeants - - - -'- - -

General Pill on's - - - the same - -

Lieutenant General liulfe's - - the same -

Marquis Cornwallis's - - - - the same -

Lieutenant General Martin's - the same -

Lieutenant General Lake's - - the same -

General O'Hara's ----- the same -

Sir Robert Abercrmby's - - - the same -

Lieutenant General Mujgrave's - the same - -Lieutenant General Marsh's - - the same -

Colonel Mackenzie's - - - - the same -

Major General Saint Leger's - the same -

Major General Bernards - - - the same -

Lieutenant General Grinfield's - the same -

General Reid's ----- - the same -

Major General Francis Dundas's the same -

Total

Numbers.

Charge for 365 Days.

£- X. d.

518 — 20,729 5 0

— — 2,496 7 6

MM mm 341 19 9

— — 525 12 —

24 093 5 *

5t8 — 24 093 5 *

518 — 24 093 5 *

518 2,072 24 093 5 *

>355 MM 19»~ 5 5 16 —

— — 3 825 5 5

— 308 4 7

— — 74i 10 —

24,031 6 —

>355 — 24,031 6 —

>355 — 24 03 6 —

>355 — 24 031 6 —

>355 — 24,031 6 —

.355 — 24 03 6 — -

>355 24,031 6 —

>355 24,031 6 —

>355 — 24 031 6 —

>355 24 031 6 —

>355 — 24.03 6 —

f>355 — T 24,031 6 —

>355 — 24 031 9 —

>355 — 24.03 6 —

>355 — 24.03 6 —

>355 21,680 24,031 6 —

23>75a -

£ I

96 373 — 4

384,500 16 —

480,873 16 4

War Office,

th February 1800.

IF. Windh

Memorandum:

The Expence of His Majesty's Forces serving in the East Indies is declared by Law to be payable out of the Revenues of the East India Company; it is therefore only necessary to vote, on Account of the Regiments above-mentioned, the Charge of the Recruiting Troops, and Recruiting Companies, of the said Regiments employed ia Great Britain. This Charge, amounting to £. 24,558. 3 . id. is stated in a separate Estimate.

' ^7ol. 55 *

LI ESTIMATE

V

13°

Februarii

A. 1800.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Four Troops of Dragoons and Sixteen Companies of Foot, stationed in Great Britain, for the Purpose of Recruiting the Regiments serving in East ,from the 25th December 1799 to the 24th December 1800, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Lord Viscount Howe's Regiment of Light Dragoons, One T roop:

Pay ....

Clothing ——

Agency ——

Allowances to the Captain, Paymaster, and Riding Mailer -

Lieutenant General Gwyn's - - the same -

Lieutenant General BJatbzvayte's - the same - -

Major General V}je's - - - - the same -

Lieutenant General Fox's Regiment of Foot, One Com-' P^)':

Pw . - -....

Clothing ——

Agency - -

Allowance to the Captain -

General Piflons - -

Lieutenant General Hulfe's Marquis Cornwallis's -

Lieutenant General Martin's -Lieutenant General Lake's General O'Hara's - -

Sir Robert Abercromby - -

Lieutenant General s

Lieutenant General Marsh's -Colonel Mackenzie's -

Major General Saint Leger's -Major General Bernard's - -

Lieutenant General -

General ReicTs -

Major General Francis Dmdas' %

the same the same the same the same the same -the same the same the same the same the same the same the same the same the same the fame

Numbers.

Total

War Office, y:h February 1800.

Charge for 36J Diy».

£ s. d.

14 — 1,400 >3 9

— — 84 7 6

— 32 14 ——

— — 55 16 —

1.573 It 3

14 , 1 573 I I 3

14 — i»573 1 I 3

»4 5$ 1.573 1 1 3

24 _ 958 2 6

— — 128 8 10

— — 16 J3 7

— - — 3 5

1,141 9 I I

24 — 1,141 9 II

24 — 1,141 9 I I

24 — 1,1 9 I I

24 — 1,141 9 I I

24 — 1,141 9 II

24 — 1,141 9 I I

24 — 1,141 9 II

24 — 1,141 9 II

24 — 1,141 9 I I

24 — 1,141 9 II

24 — 1,141 9 I I

24 — 1,141 9 II

24 — 1,141 9 I I

24 — 1,141 9 II

24 3S4 1.141 9 I I

440 - - £

£. s. d.

6,294 5 —

18,2^3 18 8

24 >55 3 8

W. Windham.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty's Land Forces, and of the Charge of Extra Feed for the Cavalry in Great Britain, as well in Barracks as in Quarters, for the Year 1820.

For Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty's Land Forces, upon Account For Extra Feed for the Cavalry in Barracks, upon Account -For Ditto - - for the Cavalry in Quarters, upon Account

War Office,

7th February 1800.

W. Windham.

Total -

£. s. d.

- 150,000 —

- a40,000 — —

- 140,000

530,000

ESTIMATE

40 GtO. Ill-

Februarii:

131

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Embodied Militia of Great j of the Royal Corps Miners of

Cornwall ami Devon; of Two Regiments of Irish Militia; and of several.Corps of Fencible Infantry; for the Year 1800.

SOUTH BRITAIN:

Bedford -Berks -

Royal Buckingb

Cambridge

Chester - - -

Royal Cornwall

Cumberland

Derby -

Devon -

DfJyV/ -Durham

Efex -

Gloucester Hereford Hertford Huntingdon Kent Lancaf.cr Leicester

Lincoln -

v London -

Middlesex Monmouth and Brecon -Norfolk -

Northampton -Northumberland Nottingham Oxford -

Rutland Salop Stafford -Somerset

Southampton -Suffolk -

Surrey -Sujfe -Fewer Hamlets Warwick Wfmereland -Wilts - -

Worcester

York, West Riding -

— North Riding

- - East Riding -

Anglesea.

( ardigan Carmarthen Carnarvon ->

Denbigh

FIm - - .

f Glamorgan Merioneth Montgomery Pembroke

.Radnor -

On Account of the Pay of the Supernumerary Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Drummers, retained in the Militia of South Britain -Royal Corps of Miners of and 7

Devon - - - - . j

Carried forward

\ol.

Rrgiments, Battalions, or Corps. Numbers. Charge for 365 Days.

f. s. d.

1 291 — 7,883 — 7

I 51° — 13,489 7 3

I 657 17,104 2 11

I 431 — 10,965 4 2

I 7°7 — 19,517 14 2

I 580 — 14,807 18 6

I 55+ — 14,319 14 9

I 83« 20,348 1 8

3 x 35° — 33,976 18 9

1 372 — 9,852 7 n

1 439 — 11,hi 4 2

a 1.119 — 28,840 4 6

2 1,054 — 27,626 12 —

1 473 — 12,766 4 1 *

1 430 — 10,946 19 2

1 144 — 3,732 1 4

2 M59 — 29,365 2 1

3 2,(8i — 55,144 18 9

1 577 — 4,753 3 6

2 1,224 — 30,938 12 —

a 1,430 — 36,284 4 8

3 2,678 — - 64,817 7 10

1 433 — 11,001 14 2

a 1,093 — .28,365 14 6

1 644 — 16,066 19 9

1 582 — 14,844 8 6.

1 512 — i3>525 17 3

1 5+5 — 14,155 9 9

1 76 — 2,099 1 11

1 878 — 21,466 15 8

1 991 — 23,480 2 11

a 1,387 — "34,754 6 5

3 766 — 20,032 3 i

2 940 — ' 24,167 10 6

2 1,196 — 30,400 4 6

1 7J9 18,235 12 11

‘ a" 1,326 — 32,854 17 —

1 611 — 15,451 1 —

I 218 — 5,671 5 *

813 " 20,005 17'11

1 555 — 14,319 14 9

3 2,173 — 54,998 18 9

1 808 " 19,914 12 11

1 512 — >3,525 7 3

1 180 — 4,903 — 1

1 219 — 5,689 10 1

1 368 — 9 779 7 11

1 n9 3»243 17 7

1 307 — 7,747 18 8

1 185 5>°35 6 4

1 366 — 9,742 17 11

1 114 — 3,152 12 7

1 252 6,703 2 5

1 185 — 5>°35 6 4

1 128 mmmm 3 4 6 7 7

1,002,388 18 9

- — 3 9,39 2 60,000 — —

1 - - 633 -

- 40,025 -

55-

TOTAL.

£. s. 1,062,388 18 9

16,711 — 3

1,079,099 19 — ( Continued)

132 70 Februarii. 1800.

' Regiments,

Battalions, Numbers. Charge for 365 Days. TOTAL.

or Corps.

r. d. iC 2.

Brought forward - - mm 40,025 1,079,099 19 —

NORTH BRITAIN:

First or Argyllshie - I 626 _ 15,697 8 6

Second or Ro/sJ):ire - I 437 — I 2, I jo 3 6

Third or Lanark. - I 584 — 14,880 18 6

Fourth or Dumfriesshire - I 7 33 — 17.^32 13 6

F ifth or Fife/bire- 1 640 15,952 18 6

Sixth or Aberdeenshire I 658 — 16,281 8 6

Seventh or Ayrshire I 573 — 14,680 3 6 -

Eighth or Forfar I 522 — 13,749 8 6

Ninth or Pertbshire I 556 — 14,369 18 6

Tenth or Edinburgh - - - 1 697 — 17,102 13 6

026 I f 0 T / - -

1 V )V a V

IRISH MILITIA:

Kings County Regiment - - j - m 897 . — ‘>952 9 3 s

IVtxford Ditto - 799 — 20,205 — I

- 1,696 42,157 9 4

FENCIBLE INFANTRY:

V Lord Grey de Wilton's Regiment i,t 10 . 30,140 IJ 2

Colonel Handccck's - - 683 - - 19,897 9 3

Colonel Skinner's - 683 19,897 9 3

Sir Fere Hunt's ' - - - 683 - 19,732 7 8

Colonel Edwards's - - 688 19,782 7 8

Colonel Hay's - - - _ 683 . - - 19,782 7 8

Colonel M‘Niers - - 688 , 19,7 8 27 8

Sir William John Jlons - - 688 , - 19,782 7 8

Lord Macd' nald s - - 688 19,782 7 8

Sir Edward Lejlie's - - 683 ~ 19,782 7 8

Colonel Pollen's - - - - - 633 19,782 7 8

Duke of Athol's Corps - - 675 — 18,173 19 4

Captain Gudgeon's - - - " — 110 Q MM 2,815 18 9 249,184 43 t

' 8»77 5

56,522 1,523,119 16 5

For the Allowance to Paymasters 16,000 — —

Total - - - - - - _ i»539»i‘9 16 5

Deduct, the Sum already voted on Account of the!

above Services, for Two Months, from 25 th De- [ - 232,998 — —

cember 1799 to 24tn February 1800 - J

Remains to be provided - 1,306,121 16 5

War Office,

7 th February 1800.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Contingencies for the Embodied Militia of Great Britain, and for several

Corps of Fencible Infantry, for the Year 1800.

For the Contingencies of the Embodied Militia, and Corps of Fencible Infantry, upon Account- - 50,000.

War Office,

7th February 1800. Windham.

ESTIMATE

40 Geo. III.

7° Februarii.

133

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Clothing for the Embodied Militia of Great Britain, for the Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon, and for Two Regiments of Irish Militia on the British JEstablishment, for the Year 1800.

Number.

1,737 Serjeants -1,186 Drummers 34,708 Rank and File

South Britain:

at £5 14 7

- 3 — 5

a 10 5

On Account of the Clothing of Supernumerary Non-commissioned Ofncers and Drummers -

North Britain i

i7& Seijednts *

180 Drummers.

5,390 Rank and File -

at £.5 14 7

- 3 — 5

- % JO 5

Corps of Miners of Cornwall and

9 Serjeants - - at £.5 14 7

12 Drummers - - 3 — 3

549 Rank and File - 2 10 5

irish Militia i

84 Serjeants 40 Drummers ->>500 Rank and File

Total

Charge.

S» d *

9>9Sl 3 3,58214 2

87 493 8

101,027 7 i

4,ocO — —

I>58i 5 —

547 16 — 13,360 8 4

166 |I

66 9 2 l,3?3 18 9

I-

£ s.

105,627 7 i

«5489 3 4

1,616 10 10

4,928 11 11

147,061 13 2

War Ofoce,

7th February 1800.

JV, PFind

Vol. 55.

M m

estimate

A. 1800.

134

70 Februarii.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, from 2^th December 1799 to 24th December 1800, both indufive, being 365 Days.

Horse Grenadier \ Guards.

r 1 Major -2 Lieutenants and Captains -

1 Lieutenant and Captain

2 Guidons and Captains 6 Sub Lieutenants

1 Adjutant -

2 Chaplains

1 Surgeon-- -

2 Riding Matters

each j£-3S5' 7 6 *

337' 2. 6.

228. 2. 6.

i«i. 13. 4.

4. „ —

45. 12. 6.

Agency

Foot: — One Major and Captain

41ft

Regiment of Foot, i or Invalids.

f 3 Captains -1 Captain Lieutenant 3 Lieutenants 6 Ensigns - -1 Adjutant - -

x Quarter-matter -x Surgeon -

- each £.171. 7-

- 79- 9' 4-

62. 16. .7 J

Allowances

4

Companies

of

Invalids.

‘5 Captains io Lieutenant

2 Ditto 1 Ditto

6 Ensigns -

3 Ditto

Agency i»587 7 10 i

3 Captains, each £.80. - 39 3 10 i

a40. — —

Surgeon - - 82. . 2. 6.

322 2 6

* m m each £.171. 7 1. 856 5 5

- m 79. 19. 4- 799 3 4

- 85. 3- 4- 170 6 8

62. 103 8 4

m - l6. 7 376 9 7i

- - - 66. l8. 4 200 5

Allowances to 5 Captains, each 80.

Agency

Charge for 365 Days.

£.s.

456 5 — 7x1 15 — 155 2 6

75 5 —

1,368 15 —

73 7 6 243 6 8

146 — —

9i 5 —

4,021 t 8 80 ——

5 4 3

79 9 4 399 6 8

376 19 71

68 10 10

79 9 4 68 10 10

2,507 18 4f 62 13 Hi

400 ——

~~~ 1....

Unattached Officers continued on Full Pay, including the Chaplains of Reduced Regiments.

Total

I s- d.

4>ioii 1 8

259 6 3

>949 4 3

2,970 12 4

17,000 — — 26,280 14 6

War Office,

7 th February 1800.

Jr.

ESTIMATE

4© Geo. Ill

70 Februarii.

35

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Land Pofces; - to the Commissary General of the Musters; to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army j and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees, to be paid by the Payrtiafter General , for the Year 1800.

Paymaster General, his Deputies, Clerks, &cw - -

Fees at the Exchequer - - <- - -

Commissary General of the Musters, his Deputy and Clerks, &c» and for Reduced Deputy Commissaries — - -' ——

Judge Advocate General -

Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army ——

Total - - ~ £.

£ A.

16,360 12 1

74.7 3 II 1

3>929 8 X

3.49 12 3

7,252 — —

®5>747 3 6

War Office,

7 th February 1800.

W. JVmdbam.

.i

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers j and of the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Brit, in lieu of Small Beer.rfor the Year 1800.

For the increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others, upon Account -

For the Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Land Forces m Great Britain, in lieu of the Small Beer now furnished to them in Barracks and in Quarters, to commence from the 25th of 1860 -

£. s. d.

180,000 — —

120,000 — —

Total

300,000 — —

Deduct the Sum already voted on Account of the first-mentioned Service, from 25 th December 1799 to 24th February 1800, both inclusive

40,000 — —

Remains to be provided

- L

260,000 — —

War Office,-- 7th February 1800.

W. Wind

Vol. 55.

ESTIMATE

136

7° Februarii.

A1800.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land

Forces and Marines, for the Year 1800;

— A. — 11 — -U_ > - For Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Forces, for 365 Days, from 25th December . ' ' 'r ' £. s. -^U,„li 4m ,1 LLL — {. e >d

1799to the 24th December 1800, both indufive - - - - j «38>979 7 *

for the Allowance to One Private Gentleman of a Troop of Horse Guards 10

Ditto, to One Ditto, at Seven Pence fer Diem - s.' - . 10 ti it

% 20 12 it

Total - / ' £ 139,000

7U1 February iifbd %

IV. Windham.

ESTIMATE of the Chatgc of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, in the Service

- of The States General, for the Year 1800.

For Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, for 365 Days, from 15th December 1799 to 24th December 1800, both inclusive - -» - - - £.

I, OCO ——

War Office,

7th February 180ok

IV. Windham.

ESTIMx\TE of the Charge cf Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majestyks American

Forces, for the Year 1800.

For Reduced Officers of His Majesty's American Forces, for 365 Days, from 25th December 1799 to 24th December 1800, both inclusive ——

Allowances to Officers of Ditto , per Annum *

- *

Total

War Office,

7 th February 1800.

tV. Windham.

£. s. d.

52,500 ——

7,500 — — »

60,000 — — -

ESTIMATE

40 G:eo. III.

70 Fehrmrii.

137

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the In-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said

Hospital for the Year 1800.

Pay per Annum of 476 Military Officers and Private Soldiers Clothing for Ditto ——

Salaries of the Governor and other Officers -

Board Wages and Table for Ditto -

Surgeon^ and Apothecary -.----

Repairs, Ordinary and Extraordinary -T radefmen ——

Provisions - -

Contingencies and Extraordinaries - -

Deduct, out of Poundage on Out-Pensions- for the Year > 800

In all to be made good -

War Office,

7th February 1800.

W. Wind

£ s, d»

1,266 2 4 1,015 14 5 3,896 9 — -

669 ——

2,019 11 9

1,900 — —

3,300 ——

13,000 — — 4.400 ——

31,466 17 6 2,800 — —

28,666 17 6

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Officers of the Land Forces,

for the Year 1800.

y 1111

Numbers.

Rank of their late Husbands.

51 Widows of Colonels ? -

34 - - -> Lieutenant Colonels -

27 - - - Majors -

195 - Capt tins ——

217 - - Lieutenants ——

- - Ensigns, &c. ——

- - Physici-ns and Purveyors - -

- - Surgeons and Apothecaries - - - '

- - Chaplains, Deputy Purveyors, and Hospital Mates

* 82 -

7 -

as -

28 -

766

the Pensions above flared Salary of Deputy Paymaster, per Annum

From which deduct the following Sums already provided;

On the Estimate of Guards and Garrisons -On Ditto for the Marine Corps - -

Remains to be provided

Rates of Pensions. Charge.

£. s. d. £ dt

- 80 4,080 — —

m 50 -r- — 1,700

40 — «r- 1,080 — —

30 5.850

26 5.642

- - 20 — ? — 3,640

m 30 210 — —

m 26 — — 650 — —

m - - - 448 — —

- - 23,300 — —

of

m 1,165

IOO

1,265 — —

24,565

4,766 — —

1,567 8 —

4 333 8 —

- S? 1 1 1 20,231 12 —

iham. \

War Office,

7 th February 1800.

In the 182 Widows above-mentioned, are included the Widows of Second Lieutenants, Cornets, Adjutants, and Quarter-mailers, whose Pensions are of the same Rate as that of an Ensign's Widow.

Vol. 55.

Nn

ESTIMATE

N.

0

138 7 0 FebruariA. 1800.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Volunteer Corps of Cavalry and Infantry in Great for the

Year 1800,

For the Fay and Clothing of Volunteer Corps of Cavalry, upon Account - *

For the Pay, Clothing, and Contingent Expences of the Volunteer Corps oflnfantry, upon Account -

, Total - -

74»oooo

500.000

574.000

War Office,

7th February 1800.

W. Windham.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Foreign Corps in the Service of Great Britain, for the Year 1800.

Numbers. Charge.

Charge of One Regiment of Dragoons, from 25th 'December 1799 to 24th £. s. i.

December 1800, both inclusive, being 365 Days - 479 27,589 2 4

Ditto of Six Regiments of Infantry, for the same Period > 4,272 - 127,657

Ditto of One Regiment of Infantry, for the same Period - - 1,125 33,850 — —

Ditto of an intended Augmentation of Six Regiments of Infantry, from 25th June to 24th December 1800, both inclusive, being 183 Days - 2,000 . 33>3°°

Ditto of Levy Money for the said Augmentation _ 10,000 — —

Ditto of Six Battalions of Dutch Infantry, from 25th 1799'to 24th December 1800, both inclusive, being 365 Days . - 6,000 184,800 — —

Ditto of Levy Money for Ditto - - _ 42,000 — —

Ditto of One Corps of Invalids, for the same Period - IOO 2,500 — —

Ditto for Hospital Staff and Hospital Expences in the of Wight 3,coo

Ditto of Full Pay to Unattached Officers - - - 4,890 3 1

Ditto of Allowances to Reduced Officers, in lieu of Half Pay - _ 12,192 6 10

Ditto for Aged and Wounded Officers, and for Officers Widows - 10,000 — —

Ditto for Contingencies — 13,200

Total - - 3>976 504,978 12 3

Deduct, the Charge of Meuron' % Regiment, which is to be defrayed by the East India Company - / 33)85°

Remains to be provided - - ' 471,128 12 3

War Office,

7 th February 1800.

W. Windham.

ESTIMATE

40 Geo. IIL j°

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Expences incurred, and expected to be incurred, in the Barrack-matter

General's Department, in the Year 1800.

For Beer, to the 24th March 1800 - -

Coals and Candles ——

Bedding and Furniture

Barrack-matter's Expenditures for Stores - -

Rents of Barracks, Salaries, &c. ——

Lodging Money to Officers -

Allowance to Governors in lieui of Advantages, on the Issue of Stores Establishment of the Barrack Office, &c. - - - .

Regimental Hospitals ——

Buildings in Guernsey and Jersey ——

Ditto - - at Windsor -

Repairs and Alterations ' -

Fees to be paid at the War Office - a *

I- s. d.

54,428 ——

113,286 — — 22,500 — —

50.000 — —

32.000 — —

30.000 — —

1.000 — —

15.556 ——

44,028 — —

56.776 ——

7.000 — —

47,7 80 ——

4,980 ——

Total - - C

Deduct the Sum already voted on Account of the above Services, for Two Months, from 25th December 1799 to 24th February 1800 -

Remains to be provided

479.334 — ~

120,000 — —

359.334 ——

War Office, 7th February 1800.

W. Windh

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in North} ,

for the Year 1800.

For the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in North > upon Account 4,500 — —

War Office,

7 th February 1800.

W. Windham.

t

..... I

Ordered, That the said Estimates and Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments , and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time directed by Law,

Vol. 55.

and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes; to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions, duly stamped; to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the fame; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions

of

Bodmin, Si« lop, and NoN tingham Debtors Petitions.

Aberdeen Streets Petition, reported.

Langley Inclosure Bill, presented.

Cantlcy, &c. Inclosure and Drainage Bill, prefeo ted.

140 70 — 10° Februarii. jf. r8oo.

of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for that Purpose.

Mr. Speaker left the Ghair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the- Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto} which they had directed him to report, when the House Will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Tien of the Clock.

mmm — 1' S — £ - -

tuUne&yic® die;

Anno 40/ Georgii III'11 Regis, 1800. Prays k s.

A PETITION of the distressed Debtors confined at Bodmin, in the County of And a!so,

A Petition of the Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Prisoners confined for Debt in His Majesty's Gaol for the County of Salop . And also,

A Petition of the Debtors confined m His Majesty's Gaols for the County and the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham;

Were severally preferred to the House, and read } Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Sir John Stuart reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council, of the City of Aberdeen, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had dire died him to report the fame, as it appeared to them to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same Was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition a Member present informed your Committee, That the principal Avenues to the centrical Parts of the said City, from the South and North, by the Bridges of Dee and Dont are narrow, indirect, and incommodious; and the Increase of the Inhabitants of the said City, and Demand for Houses, and other Buildings, render it expedient to open certain new Streets in the several Lines of Direction mentioned in the Petition; which Improvements will be attended with great Utility and Advantage to the Public in general, and to the said City, and its Inhabitants in particular.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for opening and making Two new Streets in the City of Aberdeen: And that Sir John Stuart and Mr. Allardyct do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Aftley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing allotting and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Langley, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Aftley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Cantley and Haffingham, in the County of Norfolk, and for draining and preserving the fame, and also certain Marsh Lands, within the said Parishes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rejofaed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

t

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Aftley, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for increasing the Tolls authorized to be taken Oil the Road leading from Sevenoaks Common to the Market House in Tunbridge Town, by an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Sevenoaks Common to JVuodfgate, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's Cross, in the County of Kent, and from Tunbridge Wells to -gate aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Geary, S r Edward Knatchbull, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Dickins reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common, and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands;, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with j and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Con-sent to the Bili, to the Satisfaction of the Committee 1 and that the Committee had gone through the BtTl, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

s

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Moor, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Locking, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bragge, Mr. Dickinson, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Saint John reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Tilbrooke, in the County of Bedford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Commit-i tee (except the . Owners of 7 Acres, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands, intended to be indofed, consists of 1,185 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunfo, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he

Salhouse In elofure Bill committed.

Sevenoaks, Roads Bill, committed.

Iflip Inclosure

Ball, iej/orted.

Locking In. closure Bill, committed.

Tilbrooke In-ciofure Bill, reported.

Account of Keduction of National Debt presented.

40 Geo. III.

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrafted.

The House being informed that Mr. AJlett (from the Governor and Company of the Bank of England) attended at the Door; he Was calleain j and, at the Bar,

141

presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account from the Bank of England of the Re-

t o

ceipt and Expenditure of £ 4,375,923. 15J. $d. in One Year, from February 51I1 to J nuary 31st

1800, by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; and of the Receipt of £. 1,134,415. I d. to be applied in the Quarter between the ift February and l ft May 1800.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth j

io° Februariu

Yoh. 55.

O o

Aa

i o° Februariu

14a

.1800.

~ - *

An ACCOUNT of the Receipt arid Expenditure of 4>375>923 in'One Year, from

\ Reduction of the

D,$

The said Commissioners with the

4 ----- -u--- ——

To CASH Paid Tot (he following Stock purchased at the Act directs:

Capital Stock.

' m < *

2,200,523 - - - Consolidated3 per Cent. Annuities - .» *

1,0951633 - - - Reduced Annuities Consolidated - ' *

134,300 - - Old South Sea Annuities -

173,200 - - New South Sea Annuities - - ‘ - -

3,500 - £ 3 per Cent, Annuities, 1751 - 4 -

£ 1,290,714 14 3

75 753 6 1 137,322 7 6

101,311 10 —

13,807 — —

}>7 7> S&

2,218,908 17 10

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1793 7 93° " Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities -

7 757 Reduced Annuities Consolidated r I ~ ~

£ d.

- 42,626 — 10

- 40,890 I 7

83,516 j

£ 3.867.84 *

Carried orer

<C-

>302,425 —

3

40 Geo. III

io° Februarii.

February 5th 1799 to January31st 1800, by the Commissioners appointed by 26th Geo. III. for the National Debt.

Governor and Company of the Bank of England

' By C A S H Received at sundry Times; owe.

From the Exchequer, being Four Quarterly Issues D° - - - being an additional Issue -

For 6 Months Interest on £. 14,217,335 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1799

D°

D°

.Do

D°

D°

D°

D°

Do

Do

D°

Do

1.916.000 New South Sea Annuities - - - D° - -

540.000 £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, 1751 , - D°

9,192,453 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 5th April 1799 2,^57,oooo Old South Sea Anhui tie! - - D°

507.000 jT. 4 per Cent. Annuities - D° -

- 15,403,054 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th July 1799

2.024.000 New South Sea Annuities - D° -

555.000 jT. 3 per Cent. Annuities, 1751 - I> -

-9,811,141 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due loth O&cher 1799 *

2,513,000 Old South 5ea Annuities - - - D° - -

507.000 £. 4 per Cent. Annuities - D°

From the Exchequer, being the Amount of Annuities on Lives payable at the Exchequer ancf unclaimed for 'three Years, before the 5th January 1799 ——

D° - - - being the Amount of Annuities on Lives expired between the 5th January 1786 and 5th January

1799; viz.

1745. 1746 -

17 S7 -1778 -

779 -

£. 2,2,-3 10 — 6167 — — 6,294. 8 9

201 13 — 630 ——

£. s. d.

1,000,000 — —

200,000 ——

213,260 — 6 t

28,740 — —

8,ioo — — 137,886 15 10 S5»?S5 ——

10,140 — — , 231,045 16 2

30,360 — — .

8,325 — 147.167 2 3 37.69; —

10,140 — — 25,266 17 — .

D° - - - being the Amount of Annuities for 99 and 96 Years, which expired the 5th February 1792;

viz. for 99 Years - - - 48.515 4

96 Years - - - 6,365 12 —

For the Amount of the Yearly Payment on the Annuities, 1777 ——

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1793 t

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum,

towards the Redemption of £. 6,250,000 Consolidated £.3 perCent. Annuities £. 62,500 — —

For 6 Months Interest on £. 359,754 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1799 - 5.396 6 2

D° ----- -- 304,255 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 5th April 1799 - - 4 563 16 6

D°-«---« - 398,649 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th July 1799 - 5,979 H 8

D° - -- -- 338,417 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 10th October 1799 " - 5,076 5 *

Carried over - £ *

VOL. 55.

i5>546 11 9

54,880 14 4

£s><-

2,218,508 17 10

83,516 2 5

2,302,425 — 3

144

£ 3,867,943

l8l,634 176»609 -

i$o,6oj - 72,839 - .

31 506. 310,298 -

io8,m -107,306 .

400,266 -389,241.

6,407,459

io° Februarii.

A. 1800,

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1794:

Consolidated 3 per Cent. Annuities ... Reduced Annuities Consolidated ..

Brought over

£ ' '

- 106,139 9 — 106,580 3 9

I ' d.

2,302,4:3 — j

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1793

Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities.

Reduced Annuities Consolidated - - . - -

164,006 2 2

164,65 13 2

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1796

Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities.

Reduced Annuities Consolidated > - > - »

182,651 8 j

187,252 6 4

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1796, for 7,500,000:

Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities

Reduced Annuities Consolidated

63,188 12 4

64,-876 16 5

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1797s

Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities ... Reduced Annuities Consolidated ....

33»944 9 9 234 9°5 ——

212,739 12 9

328,638 17 4

369,503 14 7

128,063 8 9

468,849 9 F

Carried over - - £ 3,810,642 3 $

4° Geo. lit io°

Brought over , - *

CXN ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1794:

Prom the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent pet Annum, £. /

towards the Redemption of £. 11,000,000 £. 3 per Cent Annuities - - - 110,000 — —

D° - -- 2,750,000 £. 4 per Cent. Annuities - -' - - - 27,500 — ^-

On the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 11 /. 5 d. per Cent on £ 11,000,000. n

for 66{ Years - - - - 9,680 — —

£. 1,926,525. 12. 5. £. 5 per Cent Annuities, subscribed from Navy and Victualling Bills - - 19,265 5 —

For 6 Months Interest on £.716,126 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent Annuities, due 5th January 1799 - 10,741 17 9 Do ----- - 734,064 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 5th April 1799 - - 11,010 19 2

D° ----- - 812,996 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent Annuities, due 5th July 1799 - 12,194 18 9

D° ----- - 823,107 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 10th October 1799 - 12,346 12 1

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1795:

From the Exchequer being the Appropriation for One Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent per Annum,

towards the Redemption of £. 18,000,000 £. 3 per Cent. Annuities ----- 180,000 — —

D° - -- 6,000,000 £. 4 per Cent. Annuities ----- 60,000 — —

On the actual Value at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 9/. 6/. per Cent, on £. 18,000,000.

for 65! Years - 12,835 — —

£. 1,609,897. 17. t £ 5 per Cent. Annuities, subscribed from Navy and Victualling Bills - - 16,098 19 6

For 6 Months Interest on £: 909,811 Consolidated £, 3 per Cent. Annuities, doe 5th January 1799 - 13 647 3 3

D° 937,412 Reduced Annuities Confplidated, due 5th April 1799 - - 14,061 3 7

D° ----- - 1,059,464 Consolidated £. 3 perCent. Annuities, due 5th July 1799 - - 15,891 19 2

D# - - - -1,074,973 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 1 oth October 1799 - - 16,124 11 10

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1796:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One Year, at the Rate of £.1 perCent. per Annum, towards the Redemption of £. 21,595,800 £. 3. per Cent. Annuities, to be added to Consolidated

__ £. 3 per Cent. Annuities - ----- ----- - - 215,958 — —

£.4,500,000 D° ... to be added to Reduced Annuities Consolidated ----- - 45 000 — —

On the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 6/. 6d. on £. 18,000,000. for

64I Years - -- -- -- 8,460 — —

£. 4,414,074. 4. 6. £. 5 per Cent. Annuities, subscribed from Navy and Visual ling Bills - - 44,140 14 10

For 6 Months Interest on £.779,068 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1799 " H>686 — 4

D° ----- - 937,544 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 5th April 1799 - - 14,063 3 2

D° ----- - 945,735 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th July 1799 - - 14,186 — 6

D ----- - 1,093,986# Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 10th October 1799 - - 16,409 15 9

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1796, for £. 7,500,000:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of £. 8,934,200 £. 3 per Cent. Annuities to be added to Consolidated ' £ 3 Per Cent. Annuities - - - .- - . - . - - - - 89,342 — —

£. 1,859,625 D° - - to be added to Reduced Annuities Consolidated ----- 18,596 5 —

On ihe actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 5/. 6d. per Cent, on £. 7,500,000. for

63! Years - -- -- -..... 2,925 — —

For 6 Months Interest on £. 229,737 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1799 - 3 446 1 1

D° ----- - 287,739 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 5th April 1799 - - 4 3 6 1 8

D° ----- - 287,398 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th July 1799 " 4.310 9

D° ----- - 341,941 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 10th October 1799 - - 5 29 2 3

_ QN ACCOUNT OF , LOAN 1797:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of £. 20,124,843. 15. £ 5 per Cent. Annuities 1797 -

£. 16,438,175. 5. Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities funded from Navy and Victualling Bills

765,427. 11. 6. £. 4 per Cent. Annuities - D°

2,034,889. 11. 1. £. 5 per Cent. Annuities - - - - D# -

1,999,699. 4. 4. Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, funded from Exchequer Bills

104,432. 5. 8. £. 4 per Cent. Annuities - - - - D° ——

270,202. 4. 8. £.5 perCent. Annuities -.--D0 -

For 6 Months Interest on £. 735,136 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1799 -D° ----- - 775,762 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 5th April 1799

D° ----- - 948,608 Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th July 1799

D0, ----- - 972,016 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 10th October 1799

201,248 8 8

164,381 15 —

7>654 5 4 20,348 17 10 19,996 19 10 1,044 6 4

2,702 — 4

11,027 — 9 11,636 8 7

14,229 2 4

14,580 4 9

VOL. 55.

Carried over *

Pp

- o

145

I ' £ A

2,302,435 — 3

212,739 12 9

328,658 17 4

369,903 14 7

128,065 8 9

468,849 9 9 3,810,643 3 s

146

6,407,4$?

io° Febru.

Brought over

- c

A. 1800.

r- ' /

3,810,64a 3 J

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 179 7»for 14,300,000:

263,626 - - - Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities 264,669 . - Reduced Annuities Consolidated -

£ * 155,250 19 2

S9»722 4 9

5 4973 3 "

ON ACCOUNT OF IMPERIAL LOAN 1797:

69,354 - - - Imperial £. 3 per Cent. Annuities - - - - 4

39,692 I 6

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 17981

81,647,- - Consolidated 3 per Cent Annuities 161,478 - Reduced Annuities Consolidated

50,941 — —

97,44 4 6

148,389 14 6

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 17991

22,150 - - - Consolidated £, 3 per Cent. Annuities.

47,190 - Reduced Annuities Consolidated -

14,060 12 6 28,478 2 7

42,538 i$ t

N

ON ACC OUNT OF LO AN 1799, for £.4,500,000 Part of £. 15,500,000:

31,950- " - - Reduced Annuities Consolidated > a - s *

19,687 10 —

£ 7,35 »523-

4-375.9 3 5 $

40 Geo. Ill,

io" Februarii.

47

Brought oxer - -

£, 1 3,810,64 3 5

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1797, for £. 14 500,000:

From tht Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One Year, at the Rate of £, 1 per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of £. 18,125,000. £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, to be added to Con- £. /.

solidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities - -- - -181,150- — —

£ 7» 5°»oooo D - - - to be added to Reduced Annuities Consolidated - - - 72,500 — —

£ 2,900,000 £. 4 per Cent. Annuities - i «» - 29,000 — — .

On the actual Value, at the Eud of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 6/. per Cent, on £. 14,500,000 for

62 { Years ----- -.....- 5,910 — —

For 6 Months Inter eft on £. 93,033 Consolidated £. jper Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1799 -

Df.....4^6,r87 Reduced Annuitief Consolidated, due 5th April 1799

D - ----- - 434,698 Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th July 1799

D° ----- - - 579,629 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due loth October 1799 - -

4.395 9 10

6,692 16 1

6,520 9 4 8,694 8 8

3 4^973 3 u

ON ACCOUNT OF IMPERIAL LOAN 1797:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent per Annum, towards the Redemption of £. 3,669,300 imperial £. 3 per Cent Annuities - - - 36,693 — —

For 6 Months fnterefton £. 81,109 Imperial £. 3 per Cent Annuities, due ift November 1798 D ----- - 118,853 - - - D°, -.....due 1 ft May 1759

1,216 12 8 1,782 15 10

39169a 8 6

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1798, £.9,000,000, Part of £.17,000,000;

From the Exchequer, being the £.1 per Cent. Appropriation for One Year, towards the Redemption of £.13,500,000. £.3 per Cent Annuities, to be added to Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities ..... - 105,000 — —

£. 4,500.000. £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, to be added to Reduced Annuities Consolidated - 35.000 — —

On the attual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 4 /. 11 d. per Cent, on £. 9,000,000

for 611 Years..... 2,240 — —

For 6 Months Interest on £. 159,584 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 5th April 1799

D°.....9,400 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th July 1799

D® ----- - - 240,998 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 10th October 1799 -

i393 IS *

141 ——

3,61419 4

I48>3l9 »4 6

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1799:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for J of a Year, at the Rate of £. i per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of £. 3,000,000. £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, to be added to Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities - -- 22,500 — —

D°..... ----- - 2,624,250. - D®,.....to be added to Reduced

Annuities Consolidated 19,681 17 6

For 6 Months Interest on £. 23,792 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 10th October 1799 - t - 356 17 7

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1799 for £.4,500,000, Pan of £. 15 S°o.oooo 1

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for £ of a Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of £. 5,625,000. £.3 per Cent. Annuities, to be added to Con solidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities ..... 14,062 10

D --- 2,250,000. - D°, ----- to be added to Reduced Annuities Consolidated - -.....r - 5,625- — —

42,538 5 *

19,687 10 —

4«375»9 3 15 S

VOL. S3-

(Contmutd.)

148

i o6 Februarii.

By CASH received, and to be applied, in the Quarter between the ift February and

ift May 18003 viz.

From the Exchequer, being a Quarterly Issue - - . - - - ‘ " - *

D % - - - - being the Amount of Anmrities for 99 and 96 Years, which have expired; viz.

For 99 Year -96 Year *

£. u d.

12,128 15 7

1 59 8 —

For 6 Month Interest on £. 16441,859 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1800

D° -.....2,090,000 New South-Sea Antuitiea JD# <-

D# - ..... 565,000. £.3 per Cent. Annuities 17$! D° -

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1793:

]?rom'th£ Exchequer, being the Appropriation for f Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum,

toward the Redemption of £.6,250,000 Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities ... 15,625 — > —

For 6 Months Inoerefi on £. 432,684 Consolidated £, 3 per Cent. Annuities, doe 5th January

1800 - - - -..... - -v - - - - 6,490 5 2

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1794:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for £ Year, at the Rate of £. I per Cent, per Annum,

4ow rds the Redemption of £. 11,000 000. £. 3 perCent. Annuities - 27,500 — —

D°- - -- 2,7$o,oco. £.4 perCent. Annuities - - - 6,875 — —

On the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 11 /. 5 d. per Cent, on

£.11,000,000 for 661 Years - - - . - . - 2420 — —

D°-£. 1,926,525. 12 s. \od. £.5 per Cent. Annuities - - - - 4,816 6 3

For 6 Months Interest on £. 897,760 Consolidated £. 3 pCent. Annuities, due 5th January 1800 - 13 466 8 —

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1795:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for Year, at the Rate of £ 1 per Cent, per Annum,

towards the Redemption of £1 i8,coo,000. £. 3 per Cent. Annuities ----- 45,000 — —

D° ----- --- - 6,000,060. £ 4 perCent. Annuities -. - 15,000 — —

On the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 9/. 6d. per Cent, on

£. 18,000,000 for 65 Years - ----- ----- 3 208 15 —

D - £.1,609,897. 17/. id. £.5 perCent. Annuities - - -- -- 4^24 1410

For 6 Months Interest on£. 1,190,416 Consolidated £. f pet Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1800 17,856 4 9

, QN. ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1796:

From the Exchequer being the Appropriation for } Year, at th< Rate of £ii perCent. per Annum, towards the Redemption of £. 11,595,800 £.3 per Cent. Annuities, to be added to Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities r - - _- - - - - '- - - - 53,989 10

D» t ▼ - - -- - 4500,000.- - D°, - - - - to be added to Reduced Annuities

Consolidated - -- -- -- 11,250 — —

On the aftoal Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 6/. 6d. per Cent, on £.18,000,000 for

641 Years - - -: - - - - it - - - 2,115 — —

D° - £.4,414,074. 4/. 6d. £. 5. per Cent. Annuities - - - 11,035 3 8J

For 6 Months. Interest on £. 1,091,574 Confq!|dated £.3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1800 16,373 12 2

' ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN, 1796, for £.7,500,000:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for \ Year, at the Rate of £. 1 p r Cent. per Annum, towards tr>e Redemption of £. 8,934,200. £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, to be added to Consolidated

r-- £>. per Cent-Annuities .....22,335 to —

D° - - - .---£. 1,859,625. - - D°, ----- to be added to Reduced Annuities Conhlidated - - - - 4,649 1 3

On the actual V>loe, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 5 /. 6 d. per Cent, on £. 7,500,000

for 65 Years - - - 731 5 —

For 6 Months Iutercfl on £. 337,849 Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1800 - 5,067 14 8

Carried forward - £.

A. 1800.

,50,000 — —

3>72d 3 t

,46,627 17 ft 3^35® — — ____ .475 -

SSO.I73 1 3

a H5 5 *

55.077 »4 3

85,089 14 7 §

94,763 5 ,c£

32 783 10 11 840,002 14. I

40 Geo. III.

ioc Februariu

49

Brought forward

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1797:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent# per Annum, towards the Redemption of ,£.20,124,843. 15. — ,£. 5. per Cent. Annuities, 1797 -

16,438,175. 5. — Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities

765,427. ii. 6. £.4 per Cent. Annuities

2,034,889. 11. i# 5 per Cent. Annuities

1,990,699. 4. 4. Consolidated £,3 per Cent. Annuities

104,432. 5. 8. £. 4 per Cent. Annuities

270,202. 4. 8. j£. 5 per Cent. Annuities

1,135,402# — — Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due

Funded from Navy and

Victualling Bills. Funded from

t;

m C ~

ills.

Exchequer Bills

For 6 Months Interest on 5th January i$oo

50,312

4»-°95

i>9'3

5.087

4999

261

675

d.

2 2| 8 9

11 4z

4 5 a

4

1 7 10 1

17,031 — 7

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN, 1797, for 14,500,000: ,

From die Exchequer, being the Appropriation for Year, at the Rate of £. 1 perCent per Annum, towards the Redemption of £. 18,125,000. £ 3 per Cent. Annuities, to be added to Consolidated

3 per Cent. Annuities ----- ----- -- - 45.312 10 "

X>° - -- 7,250,000. D°, to Reduced Annuities Consolidated - - - 18,125 —

D - - -- -- - 2,900,000./ . 4 per Cent. Annuit es ----- 7,250 — "

On the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years oi the Annuity of 6 s. per Cent, on £. 14,500,000 for

62 Years - -- - - - - -- 1,480 — —

For 6 Months Interest on £. 558,659 Consolidated £. 3 per Conf. Annuities, due 5th January 1800 - 8,379 17

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1798:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for { Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of £. 13,500,000. £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, to be added to Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities - - -- -- - - -- 33,750 — "

D° - -- 4,500,000. D°, to Reduced Annuities Consolidated - - 11,250 — —

On the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 4/. j id, per Cent, on £. 9,000,000

for 61 \ Years - - . - - - - . - 720 —

Tor.6 Months Interest on £. 81,647 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1800 - 1,224 14 *

£ ' J 840,002 12 1

i2i,37J 3 11

80,547 7 *

I 46«944 »4 <

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1799:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for J Year, at the Rate of £. I per Cent, per Annum, towards the Rtdemi u »n of £. 3,000,000. £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, to be added to Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities - ----- ----- - 7,500 — ~

D° - -- 2,624,250 D°, to Reduced Annuities Consolidated - - 6,j6o 12 6

For 6 Months Intereti on 22,150 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January

1800 332 5 —

O N ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1 7'9 9» for £ 4,500,000, Part of £. 15,500,000:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for J Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum# towards the Redemption of £. 5,625,000. £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, to be added to Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities - -- - 14,062 10 —

D - -- - 2,250,000. D°, to Reduced Annuities Consolidated - 5,625 — —

14,392 17 6

ON ACCOUNT OF IMPERIAL LOAN 1797;

From the Exchequer, being the Appreciation for I Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum,

towards th_- Redemption of £.3,669,300 Imperial £.3 per Cent. Annuities - 9,173 £ —

For 6 Months Interest on £>. 152,766 Imperial £.3 per Cent. Annuities, due 1 ft November 1799 - 2,291 9 9

19,687 10 — 1,122,950 5 3

11,464 14 9

».»34 4IS "

' Bank of England, 10th February 1800.

A. Newland, Chief Cashier.

VOL. 55.

Q-<1

Ordered

Account of Arrears firm OlRcers of the Customs, py . fcnitd *

Efti mates pre-

Tented.

150' I o° Februarii. 1800.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be petufed by the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mlv Porter (from the Commissioners of the Customs) attended at the Door, he was called in j and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears due, on the 5th January 1800, from the Officers of the Customs in England, from the 5th January 1774 — lo far as the same can be made updistinguishing the Names of such Officers, and in what Situations they were or are employed, the Sums originally due from them, and when, and the Amounts and Dates of the Payments which have been made in Discharge thereof.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Wallace presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy for Ordinary of the Year 1800: And also, Navy-

An Estimate of the Charge of what may be necef- Extra Nivy. lary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what areproposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1800: And also.

An Estimate of the Monies which will probably be Transport wanted for the Service of the Transport Office, for the Service Year 1800.

Mr. Wallace also presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Estimate of the probable Expence which maybe in- prisoners of curred for the Service of Sick Prisoners of War, in the War-present Year 1800.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy is preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstract thereof, and the other Estimates, are as followed);

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1800.

N®

> To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of) Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, &c. Commissioners of the Navy, with I their Subordinate Officers, Clerks, Instruments, and Contingencies relating thereto ----- -- i ——

2. Superannuated Sea Officers - -- - £.40,814 13

3. Pensions, and other Allowances ----- ----- 19,800 z 3

a

40 Chatham - 5

5- Deptford - 3'585 18 —

6. > Yards - - - Woolwich ----- - 4 057 16 — /

7- P or tfmouth IO

8. Sheerness ----- - 8 6

9v _ Plymouth ----- CO

10. Muller Mailer, and other Officers of the Out Ports -

11. Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary -

12. Victuals to Officers and Men serving therein ——

13. Charge of Harbour Mooring, and of Harbour Rigging ——

14. Ordinary Repairs of His Majesty's Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs,

Buildings, &c. ——

15. Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers ——

16. Bounty to Chaplains ——

17. Ordinary Charge of the Victualling Establishment ——

18. Ordinary Charge of the Sick and Wounded Establishment ——

Abate,

For the Two first Lunar Months of the Year 1800, Voted 3d 1799 - -

The Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for Eleven Lunar Months of the . Year 1800, will be - -- -- -.....- - - - -> *

£. s. d.

102,384 15 1

60,614 15 4

25,426 5 2

7,788 6 11

47,057 12 6

43 I24 15 — 37>99° ——

227,549 — —

157,000 --- —

1,231 17 6

70,208 2 5

<26,564 4 —

806,939 13 11 121,510 — —

685,429 13 11

The Total of the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy, for Eleven Lunar Months of

the Year 1800, amounts to

Six Hundred and Eighty-five Thousand Four Hundred and Twenty-nine Pounds Thirteen Shillings and

Eleven Pence.

A. S. Hamond. C. Hope. J. . H. Harmood.

Geo. Marsh. W. Palmer. W. W. Bellingham.

An

4o Geo. Ill

I o" Febfu

NAVY OFFICE, loth iScSO.

An E S TIM AT E of the Charge of what may be neceflafy for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are propol'ed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1800.

Pliee where.

DEPTFORD -

WOOLWICH - -

CHATHAM

SHEERNESS - -

PORTSMOUTH - -

PLYMOUTH

CuDf. Ships Names. fiuilding, or Time when may be

Nature of their Repair. r Taken in Hand. > r Completed. W

74 Couragenx - - Building - - - - In Hand - - March 1800 -

New - - - Building - - - In Hand - - Uncertain - -

New - - - Ordered to be built ——

3 Narcissus - - Ordered to be built ——

Afirea - - - Large Repair - - - Uncertain - - Uncertain

26 Jamaica - - Middling Repair - - In Hand - Uncertain Total - -

98 Ocean - - Building - - - - In Hand - - Uncertain - -

74 Plantagenet Building - - - - In Hand - - Uncertain

38 New - - - Ordered to be built — — _ —

36 New - - Ordered to be built - —

For such Ships as may be ordered in the Coorfe of the Year to be repaired - - Total - -

90 New - - - Ordered to be built - ~ -

74 New - - - Ordered to be built - — _ — —

Revenge - - Ordered to be built ——

38 Leda - - - Building - - - - J fnHand - - December 1800

ICO Victory - - - Middling Repair - j March 1800 - Uncertain - -

08 Blenheim - - Large Repair August 1800 - Uncertain.

74 Irrefiftihle - - Middling Repair - j March 1800 - October 1800 -

64 Standard - - Middling Repair -< 0Bober i 800 - Uncertain - -Total - -

50 < % 1 1 Building fn Hand - - Uncertain - -

For a Frigate that may be ordered for a Middling Repair, when the Works of 7

the Port will admit - - - - s Total - -

98 Dreadnought - Building - . - J In Hand - - November 1800

5° Tyger - - - Building . - . , In Hand - - Uncertain- -

Sloop New - - Ordered to be built - — ' — _ —

7+ Alcide - - - Middling Repair - - Uncertain - - Uncertain - -

— Vengeance - - Small Repair - - - May 1800 - - July 1800- -

32 Winchelsea - Middling Repair - - May 1800 \july i8co - -

?4 Laurel - - - Middling Repair - February 180c \ April 1800 -

Sloop Sardine - - - Middling Repair - - April 1800 - June 1800 Total - -

120 Caledonia - - Ordered to be built - _ _ _ _

110 Hi hernia - - Building - - - - In Hand - Uncertain - -

"4 San Jofef - - Small Repair - - - In Hand - - U ncertain - -

74 Hercule - - - C Between Small and 7 I Middling Repair 3 March 1800 - August 1800 -

— . Bedford - - - Middling Repair - < . February 180: 3 September 1800

Orion - - - - Middling Repair - - September l8o< D March 1801 -

28 Thijbt -- - Small Repair - - -January 1800 [March 1800

20 Coureur Very Small Repair -\ April 1800 -IMay 1800 - -Total - -

TOTAL for the Ships in the KING' YARDS -

Charge of their

4,860

12,000

1,000

16,700

10,180

3,000

47>74<3

5,000

12 000

5»oco

19,900

8,000

49,900

2.000

2.000

4.000 11,580 16,000 10,500 21,520

5.000

72,600

9,000

2,200

11,200

30,000

2,000

2,000

15,000

10,500

4 55°

3 35°

2,130

69,530

4.000

6.000 11,680

13.000

10.000 8,600 3,410 >37°

58,060

309,030

Rigging and Stores.

7 900

2,500

3,600

2,000

15,400

3 470

6,390

9,860

5,410

6.000

5.000 6,900

6.000

29 3!°

2,500

1 500

4,000

7,070

4.000 4,200 1,900 2,500

1.000

20,670

TOTAL.

12,760

12,000

1,000

19,200

13,180

5,000

63,140

5.000

1 2,000

5.000 ' 23 370 14,390

59,760

2,000

2,000

4,000

16,990

22,000

15,500

28,420

11,000

101,910

11,500

3,700

15,200

37 070

2,0C o 2,000 19,000 14,700

6,450

5,850

90,200

6,580

4.000

3.000 3,200

2>0CQ

1,800

4,000

6,oco

18,260

17.000

13.000 11,800

5 410

3 i7°

20,580

99,820

78,640

408,850

BURSLEDON -HARWICH - - -BUCKLERSHARD

MILFORD - -

MERCHANTS YARDS. r- £

36 Jason Built - 4,610 1,650 0,260

74 Conqueror - - Building - - - - In Hand - - Uncertain - - 14,38° ,030 16,410

Spencer - - - Building - - - - In Hand - - March 1800 - 13,67° 3-53° 17,200

36 L Aigle - - - Building - - - - In Hand - May 1800- - 1 ,°3° 1,650 13,680

74 Milford - - Building - - - - In Hand - - Uncertain - - 8,340 — 8,340

44 Lavinia - Building - - - In Hand - - Uncertain - - 8,780 3>39° 12,170

Sloop New - - - Building - - - - lln Hand - - Uncertain - - 4.810 2,410 7,220

Towards building Three Ships of 74 Guns, Three Frigates of 36, and Three 1 I AO QOO 1 i| O

of 32 Guns each, in Merchants Yards 1 2Wiv w 1 Av )W W

Total - - . 206,620 14,660 221,280

TOTAL for the Ships in the KING'S YARDS, as above . 309,030 99,820 408,850

GRAND TOTAL for the Shipa - . - ..... - 5!S>650 1 14,480 630,130

VOL. 55.

( Continued.)

5 *

I ob Februariu

A. 1800.

WOOLWICH

CHATHAM

PORTSMOUTH

PLYMOUTH -

t)n WORKS of the Y A R D S:

* Tocomplete the Officers Coach Houses and Stables, and as much of the Wharf Wall, next

the River, as can be complied with: Also to make a short Slip for the Purpose of heaving on Shore Mails, Fir Timber, &c. ——

Towards Building the Hemp Houses, to contain 1,000 Tons each - -

Total -

* To complete laying the Floors, fitting the Births and completing the new Storehouse,

on the 'Anchor Wharf - -

Total -

* To complete the Stone Wall, also clear the Masonry and Earth to the Depth intended,

and make a Dam athwart the present Entrance of the Baffin - -

To carry on the South Dock in the Bason -

To carry on the South East Dock in the Baiba ——

To build the Jettv Head, and Hawser House on the North Side of the Entrance into the j *

Balon ——

To carry on the Stone Wharf at the North East Boundary of the New Ground To carry on and build Locks, with Mast Houses over them, in the Inner Mall Pond For converting the Boat House Channel into a long Dock, for the Reception of Frigates and Small Vessels, agreeable to a Plan proposed by General Bentham -

Total -

* Towards building a Wall, digging and blowing away the Rocfc at the East End of the

Plank Houses, tuat Hand over the Mast Locks, to form the Road in Front of the said Houses ——

To blow ing and levelling the Rock of White House Hill -

Towards building the Wharf Wall of the large South Jetty Head and Landing Place Towards building the new Store Boat Houses ——

To erecting a new Flight of Stairs leading down the Yard fronting the Commissioners Lodgings - - - - .

To digging away the Rock that the old Rope House stood on, and Sail Green, and building

Slope Walls....

To digging awny the Rock that the higher old Storehouse Hands on, &c.

Towards building the East Cross intermediate new Storehouse -Towards building Hope Walls and Stairs, Coal Cellars and Necessaries, at the Back of the Officers new Offices ——

To digging the Rock at the Back of the Officers new Offices and Slopes -To building a new Painter's Shop - -

To building a Reservoir for receiving the Water brought to the Yard Gates To building Three new Working Sheds on the New Ground, in lieu of others that are very much decayed ....

Total -

GRAND TOTAL for the WORKS of the YARDS - - - £.

11,520

3,280

14,800

3,000

3,000

9,000

28.000 9,000

20,000'

10.000

20.000

10,510

106,510

560

600

1.000

2.000

1.000

x 500

3.000

3.000

600

900

2.000

1,540

1.000 17,700

142,010

ABSTRACT:

For the Ships in His Majesty's Yards - -

For the Ships in the Merchants Yards - -Towards the Improvements in the Yards -

[Hulls' - - - 309,030

[Rigging and Stores - 99,820

Hulls - - - 206,620

Rigging and Stores - 14,660

142,010

Grand Total - - £.772,140

Viz.

The Sum of Seven Hundred Seventy-two Thotifand One. Hundred and Forty Pounds, being the full Amount of the Extra Estimate for the Whole of the Year 1800.

Abating from the before-mentioned Grand Total

772,140

The Sum Voted 3d October 1799, for he Two first Lunar Months of the Year 1800 - 115,625

The Total for the remaining Eleven Lunar Moriths, amounts to 656,515

Viz.

The Sum of Six Hundred Fifty fix Thousand Five Hundred and Fifteen Pounds.

C. Hope. y

JV. Palmer.

y. Henjlow.

IV. Bellingham.

Wm Rule. H. Hannocd.

Geo. Marsh. S. Gambler.

Transport

io° Februarii.

53

40 Geo. III.

Transport Office, ? An ESTIMATE of the Monies which will probably be wanted for the Service of 7th February 1800. j this Office, for the Year 1800.

For the Transport Department For Prisoners of War in Health, at Home, and Abroad - £. s. d. 1,300,000 500,000 — —

> £ 1,800,000 — —

Rup' George. Ambrose Ser/e. John Schank. Jos. Hurjt.

S

Office for Sick and Wounded Seamen,-8th February 1800.

ESTIMATE of the probable Expence which may be incurred for the Service of Sick Prisoners of War, in

the present Year.

Estimate

£ 9°>°°o

Ja. Joh

Gil. Blanc.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. for the Year 1800 — Land Service.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

Ordnance EC. Mr. Sargent presented to the House, pursuant to their The said Estimate is as followeth j

innate pre- Address to His Majesty,

fetal. J 1 *

EXPENCE of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, pursuant to His Majesty's Orders, and

not provided for by Parliament , viz.

On Account of 17 98:

NEWFOUNDLAND: Paid for Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies -

HALIFAX:

Paid for Works, Current Service, and Contingencies -

BERMUDA:

Paid for Current Service and Contingencies

BAHAMA ISLANDS Paid for Current Service and Contingencies

WEST INDIES:

Paid for Contingencies of the Trains of Artillery attending His Majesty's Forces in the

£ s. d. 2,933 16 11

942 18 — 297 13 — L41S 16 3

iu for contingencies of the trains or artillery attending ms Majesty s forces in the

Leeward Islands, Dmerara, and ‘Trinidad r - 1 23,749 14 5

Vol. 55-. Rr (Cmtinued.)

154

I o° Februa

ST. DOMINGO:

Paid Bills of Exchange drawn for the Hire of Transports employed in removing Artillery and Stores from St. Domingo to Jamaica; also for Contingencies - -

CAPE OF GOOD HOPE:

Paid for Repairs and Contingencies -

SCOTLAND:

£' d.

Paid for Repairs of the several Forts, Castles, and Barracks, and for Contingencies - - - - -7,1241011

Paid for creating a new Barrack in Edinburgh Castle - 7,700 9 2

GRAVESEND AND TILBURY:

Paid for Repairs of Vessels, and Wages of Bargemen and others, employed in maintaining the Communication between Gravesend and Tilbury ——

DEFENCE OF THE COASTS:

Paid for repairing Batteries, and for Depots of Artillery ——

REGIMENT OF ARTILLERY, &c.

Paid for the Hire and Forage of Horses, Pay of Officers, Conductors and Drivers attending the Trains of Artillery and Battalion Guns in England; all'o on Account of Contingencies ——

REGIMENTS OF FOOT:

Paid for supplying Worms, Turnfcrews, Pickers, and sundry other Articles to the Effective Soldiers of sundry Regiments of Infantry in Great Britain - - > - -

Deduct — Received on a Vote of Credit ——

Carried forward -> -

On Account of 1799:

HALIFAX:

Paid for Works, Current Service, and Contingencies - - ,

WEST INDIES:

Paid for Contingencies of the Trains of Artillery attending His Majesty's Forces in the Leeward Islands, Detnerara, and Trinidad ——

MINORCA:

Paid for Contingencies ——

ST. MARCOU:

Paid for Contingencies -

0 \

HOLLAND:

jf d.

Paid for the Purchase of Horses, Bills of Exchange drawn by the Com-

miflary and Paymaster, and for Contingencies ----- 19,137 9 9

For Ordnance, Ammunition, and Stores ----- - 96,472 15 1

ROYAL REGIMENT OF ARTILLERY:

Pay of an Augmentation of Three Field and Five Staff Officers, and Four Companies of Artillery, confiding of 304 Men, Officers included, from and of One Colonel

Commandant, and Two Companies of Artillery, confiding of 249 Men,

Officers included, from 2d Octoberto 3 1st December 1799, inclusive, with

Levy Money for the fame; also for Levy Money for 156 Men, to complete the Two Companies returned from the East Indies to the present Lliablishment - -- - 19,641 12 *

A \ 1800.

d.

7,944 10 9

967 — 7

14,825 — 1

472 19 — S, Si6 17 5

12,885 12 — ? 1,406 13 —

73.671 i« 5 40,cco — —

33.671 11 5

£. s. 2,129 4 9

9,52(1 15 4

2.793 8 5 316 6 4

115,610 4 10

( Continued.)

io° Febru

40 Geo. IIL

1

Paid the Extra Price of Bread and Meat for the Non-commissioned Officers £. s. £<. s. d.

and Privates of the Royal Regiment of Artillery in England - - 3,000 — —

Paid the additional Allowance to Innkeepers for Quartering Non-cornmif-

fioned Officers and Privates of the Royal Regiment of Artillery - - 2,950 — —

For the Hire and Forage of Horses for the Parks of Artillery and Battalion Guns in England; also for the Pay of Officers, Conductors and Drivers, and for Contingencies - - - - 10,577 6 11

, ' 36,168 19 7

AMMUNITION FOR SUNDRY REGIMENTS, AND FOR MILITIA:

Ammunition to the Three Regiments of Foot Guards, and to sundry Regiments of Foot — to sundry Regiments of Fencible and Provisional Cavalry — to sundry Troops of Yeomanry, and Volunteer Associated Cavalry — also to sundry Regiments of Fencible and Corps of Volunteer and Associated Volunteer Infantry - 11,330 8 xi

Ammunition for sundry Regiments of Militia, and also for phe Supplementary

Militia - - 6,449 5 1

I7»779 U —

Brought forward, on Account of 1798 -

Total Unprovided -

184,324 :3 3

33.671 11 5

ar',996 4 8

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1800;

LAND SERVICE.

ORDINARY:

Salaries and Rents to the Mailer General, Principal Officers, Clerks, and Attendants employed at the Tower ——

And at the following Placesviz.

' Laboratory at Woolwich, and for proving Powder - —

Inspector of Artillery at D°, and for proving Guns Superintendant of Military Machines at D" -Hampton Court and Saint James's,-Windsor, and Greenwich Woolwich - - - t -

Pur fleet - - - -, -

Gravesend and Tilbury ——

Chatham -

Upnor Castle - - - - _- -

Shcerfless ——

Fevcrsham - - - - - ,

H- alt ham Abbey - -

Dover ——

Portsmouth - .

Priddyjhard -

Plymouth - -

Key ham Point ——

SPendennis, Scilly Island, Chester Castle and Liverpool,

wick, Carlisle, Tinmo and Clifford's Fort,

Yarmouth and Landguard Fort - -

Guernsey - - - . -

JerJV....

Isle of Man ——

Rent for Use of Land and Houses -

£. s. d. 15,984 18 —

2,076 5 —

1,377 2 6

31° 5 —

226 -

570 ----- - *

605 2 6

as 5 ——

663 17 6

144 15 —

380 —

583 17 523 i7 120 —

823 17 3°3 17 653 i7

£. s, d>

6

6

6

6

6

One Half of which is charged to the Sea Service -

170 ——

430 — — 448 2 6

448 2 6

100 ——

554 a 9

1 1

27,753 10 9

- -

VOL. 55.

13.876 15 (Continued.)

C.jr\

io° Febru

1800.

lS6

/- Britain

I Gibraltar I Jamaica -I St.

I -

I Dominica I St. Vincent I Barba does Pay of Civil Officers Grenada

and Artificers, at \ deb a go

BJartinico-St. Lucia -

Bahama Islands ——

Quebec ——

Halifax ——

yivncpclis -

AVco Brunswick ——

'.S'/ John's and Placentia in Newfoundland -

Pay of Mailer Gunners at the several Garrisons and Batteries in Great and of the

Gunners at Saint James's Park, and the Tower of with their Allowance for Coals

and Candles ——

Charges incident to the Tower, and the several other Forts, Garrisons, and Places under the Ordnance, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, in taking Remains of Stores, Pay of Labourers, Books, Paper, Coals, Candles, Cartage, Messages, Pouage of Letters, and other Contingencies ——

Ordinary Repairs of Buildings, Bridges, Gates, Platforms, Barracks, Storehouses, making new, and repairing old Carriages in the several small Forts, Cadies, Garrisons, and other Places under the Ordnance, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey -

Furnishing Beds, Bedsteads, Sheets, &c. and repairing the same at the several Barracks retained by the Ordnance for the Royal Regiment of Artillery and Royal Military Artificers, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey ——

Expence of Stores and Ammunition for Garrisons, and small Stores for the common Duty of Regiments, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey ——

Cleaning and repairing Small Arms in the Tower ——

Pay of the Corps of Royal Engineers - -

On Account of the Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, confiding of £.

7,926 Men, Officers included - - - - 266,870

Deduct the Pay of One Company, at present paid on the Eda-

blishment - -- - - 4,054 18

s.

3

d.

3

Pay of a Brigade of Royal Horse Artillery, confiding of

1,199 Men, Officers included, and 1,572 Horses - 99,015 Deduct the Pay of a Detachment serving in Ireland, and at present paid on the Irish Edablishment

s.

d. 7 5

262,815 4 10

- 11,860 i 6

87,155 5 11

Edablidiment of the Civil Officers, Profcflors, and Maders of the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich ——

Edablishment of Draughtfmen in the Tower of /or Service in Great Britain, and

Foreign Garrisons ——

Pay of Superannuated and Disabled Men, Half Pay of Reduced Officers, Widows Tendons, and Allowances to Officers for good Services, pursuant to His Majesty's Warrants -

Sums to be paid at the Treasury, and at the Exchequer, for Fees on the Sum of ,£.1,695956. 17 . \id.being the Amount of this Edimate -

Ordinary

f' S. d.

554 10 — 1 >3 8 1 7 6

273 >5 —

584 ——

584 ——

584 ——

.5;>4 -

584 ——

584 ——

584 — —

584 ——

584 ——

219 — — 861 15 — .

6S0 1o — 1 9t 5 -

67 5 5 —

657 ——

3»7U 7 6

i8,oco ——

15,000 — —

3>coo — —

6.000 - — —

2.000 -

15,198 1 1©

349,970 10 9.

3>I5I J4 9 2,626 17 6 23,135 12 7 2,734 ——

469,057 7 9

( Continued.

40 Geo. III.

io° Februarii.

57

EXTRAORDINARIES, 1800.

NEWFOUNDLAND:

For Repairs of Fortifications, Barracks, and Quarters so Officers, Current

Service, and Contingencies ----- --- 3>5°°

For Braii Ordnance, Powder and Stores - - - - 2,827 5 3

NOVA SCOTIA:

For Current Service and Contingencies For sundry final 1 Stores

Pay of a Detachment of Royal Military Artificers -

NEW BRUNSWICK: For Current Service and Contingencies -

Q_U E B E C:

For Current Service and Contingencies -

For a supply of Stores ——

- 4,000 ——

J 477 1$ 7 600 — —

- 4,729 6 3

- i>233 11 11

BERMUDA:

For Current Service and Contingencies -

BAHAMA ISLANDS: For Current Service and Contingencies -

JAMAICA:

For Current Service and Contingencies -

ANTIGUA:

For Current Service and Contingencies -

ST. CHRISTOPHER: For Current Service and Contingencies - - - *

DOMINICA:

For Current Service and Contingencies

BARBADOES: For Current Service and Contingencies -

' ST. VINCENT:

For Current Service and Contingencies -

GRENADA:

For Current Service and Contingencies

TOBAGO:

For Current Service and Contingencies -

MARTINICO:

For Currenc Service and Contingencies

ST. LUCIA:

l

For Current Service and Contingencies

SURINAM:

On Account to the Captors for Ordnance, Ammunition, and Stores captured there, by the joint Operations of His Majesty's Forces by Land and Sea -

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers, for Service of the Islands in general

On Account of the Pay of Engineers and Civil Officers, with the Trains of Artillery attending His Majesty's Forces in the Leeward Islands, Dewerara, , and Frbiidad; also

for Contingencies ——

jr.

6,3 7 5

For a Supply of Powder and Stores for the Leeward Islands Voi. 55.

4.877 15 7 r,oooo — —

3,964 18 a

1,000 — —

3.000 — —

5.000 — — >

1.000 — —

2.000 — — -

4,000 — —

S s

1.500 ----»

>4,000 — —

1.500 — —

1.000 — —

6.000 — - —

2.500 — —

21,000 ——

1,876 l8 9

40,000 — —

4)6^4 ~ 4

( Continued.)

158 10° Februarii.

GIBRALTAR:

Pay of a Corps of Royal Military Artificers - -

Forage for the Cattle employed on the Works

Towards the necessary Repairs and Improvements of the Works

For Repairs of Barracks, Officers Quarters, Storchouses, and Magazines

Contingencies in the Engineer's Department -

Contingencies in the Artillery and Storekeeper's Departments -

For Timber, Iron, and Building Materials, Coals, and other Stores

- 3>9»3 1 3

2,280 — —

- 18,045 11 3

- 2,600 ——

- 2,000 — —

1,091 7 6

- 11,981 17 1

MINORCA:

For Current Service and Contingencies - - - 5,000 — —

For Brass and Iron Ordnance, Powder, Shot, Shells, Small Arms, and other

Stores -.....- - 77,369 17 4

On Account to the Captors for Brass and Iron Ordnance, Ammunition, and Stores captured there, by the joint Operations of His Majesty's Forces by Land and Sea - - - -- - 12,000 — —

TURKEY:

Pay of Military and Civil Officers and Artificers sent to Constantinople

S T. M A R C O U:

On Account for Repairs and Contingencies -

For Brass Ordnance, Powder, Timber, ^nd other Stores

1,300 ——

1,949 17 6

CAFE OF GOOD HOPE: For Current Service and Contingencies -

PORT JACKSON:

For Brass Ordnance, Ammunition, and Stores - -

ISLAND OF CEYLON:

For Ordnance, Ammunition, and Stores captured in the several Forts and Garrisons in the Island, by the joint Operations of His Majesty's Forces by Land and Sea -

FOREIGN SERVICE: For Small Arms, Brass Ordnance, and Stores - -

For Powder lent

IRELAND:

For Carriages, and Stores

ALDERNEY:

JERSEY:

For Repairs and Contingencies ----- -- - 2,472 5 4

For Powder and Stores - -- - - 1,572 8 8

Pay of Half a Company of R.oyal Military Artificers - - - 1,40416 8

GUERNSEY:

For Repairs of the Fortifications at Fort George, and other Places in the

Island- - - - >835 10 lo

For Iron Ordnance, Powder, Small Arms, and Stores - - - - 8,706 6 5

Pay of Half a Company of Royal Military Artificers - Ij4°4 16 8

-r -

ISLE OF MAN:

For Repairs and Current Service -

SCOTLAND:

For Repairs of the several Forts, Castles, and Artillery Barracks in Current Service,

and Contingencies -

NORTH EAST DISTRICT:

For Current Service and Contingencies -

A. 1800.

£. t.d. 41,981 17 1

94>369 7 4 3>13f 14 2

3.249 17 6

3.000 — —

749 — 3

77 OI3 15 5

61,390 12

4,748 17 — 246 19 9

5,449 10 8

h»946 13

300 ——

6.000 — —

200 — — -( Continued.)

I o° Februarii.

40 Geo. III.

LANDGUARD FORT:

For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies ——

CINQUE PORTS:

For Repairs in the Division; to erect a new Hospital, additional Kitchens and Sheds in Dover Castle; Current Service, and Contingencies ——

CHATHAM:

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers ——

v SHEERNBSS:

For Repairs of the Well, Breakwaters, and Works; to make an additional Reservoir; Current Service, and Contingencies -

GRAVESEND AND TILBURY:

For Repairs of the Buildings - - - - - - - - 2,381 8 3

On Account, for the Repair of Vessels. and Wages of Bargemen and others employed in maintaining the Communication between and

Tilbury.....-.....3>857 7 9

FEVERSHAM:

For Repairs of Buildings; and to erect a Boat House, Proof House, and a Shed

PORTSMOUTH:

Fof Repairs of the old Works and other Buildings at Portsmouth, and various

Places in the Division - -- ----- - 6,698 19 5

Towards completing Cumberland Fort ----- -- 7,000 — - —

On Accoui.t, for building an additional Powder Magazine at Tipner Point in

Portsmouth Harbour, for Use of the Navy ----- - 6,500 ——

Towards enlarging the Gun Wharf ----- -- 4,000 — —

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers - - - 2,809 13 5

' GOSPORT:

For Contingencies, Repairs of Barracks, and the Lines; also for erecting

Barracks and Work Shops for the Royal Military Artificers - - - 3,907 — — -

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers - - - 2,809 13 5

PLYMOUTH:

For Repairs of the Lines and Citadel; and for Repairs at St.

Dartmouth, Pendennis, and St. Maw's Cajlles, and at Scilly; Current Service, and Contingencies - -- -- - 2,000 — —

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers - - - 2,809 13 5

WOOLWICH:

For Contingencies, and Repairs of Barracks and Officers Quarters - - 2,551 13 6

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers - -. 2,809 13 5

ROYAL LABORATORY:

Towards the Extraordinary Charge of Labourers and Artificers

WALTHAM ABBEY: For Repairs of Buildings - -

DEFENCE OF THE COASTS:

For repairing and re-establishing the Batteries on the Coasts, and putting them in a State of Defence ——

For Iron Ordnance, Powder, and Stores, for Defence of the several Forts and Batteries on the Coasts -

For Powder and Stores for the Practice and Exercise of Volunteer Artillery Corps on the Coasts; also Pikes for arming the Sea Fencibles For Ordnance and Stores for arming Vessels on the Coast -

3,346 3 1 4

,353 2 8

789 8 1

4,345 9 10

Vol. 55.

_______i59

£ d.

200 — —

7,634 18 11

2.809 3 5

3,525 7 1

6,239 .6 —: 3,7 3 8

27,008 12 10 6,7 6 13 5

4.809 13 5

5,361 6 11 9,000 — —

3,5 8 10 n

9,834 3 1 f Continued.)

i6o

i o® Februarii.

A. 1800.

ROYAL REGIMENT OF ARTILLERY ANDCORPSOF ROYAL MILITARY ARTIFICERS, See:

For Contingencies of Artillery -

For Contingencies of the Brigade of Royal Horse Artillery -On Account of Small Beer, for the Royal Regiment of Artillery and Corps of Royal Military Artificers in Barracks in Great Britain On Account for the Extra Price of Bread and Meat for the Non-commissioned Officers and Privates of the Royal Regiment of Artillery in Great Britain ——

On Account of the Pay of Six Companies of Royal Irish Artillery, in the Service of Great Britain, confiding of 600 Men, Officers included On Account of the Pay of a Corps of French Emigrant Artillery, in the Service of Great Britain, confiding of 16 Field and Staff Officers, Three Companies of Artillery, and 10 Officers en Seconde -On Account of the Pay of a Company of French Emigrant Engineers, confiding of 17 Officers - - 1 ,oco — —

On Account of the Pay of a Corps of Dutch Artillery, in the Service of Great Britain, confiding of 339 Men, Officers included r

Pay of a Corps of German Artillery, in the Service of Great , con-

siding of 218 Men, Officers included ——

On Account of the Pay of a Corps of Captain Commissaries and Drivers, attached to the Parks of Artillery serving an England -

On Account for the Hire and Forage of Horses, for the Parks of Artillery in

England, and for Contingencies - - - - x 60,000 — —

For Gun Carriages, Waggons, Horse Harness, Ammunition, and Stores, for the Parks of Artillery, and for the Battalion Guns, attached to Regiments of Foot and Militia in England ----- - 14,384. 13 6

For Gun Carriages, Waggons, Horse Harness, Ammunition, and Stores, for the Field Train of Artillery in Scotland - - - _ - 6,421 7 5

JT. s. d.

9.000 — —

3.000 ——

- 10,000 ——

5.000 ——

5.000 — —

- xo, coo — —

8,000 —

1,000 ——

- 38,683 to 8

TENTS:

9

For a Supply for Regiments

REGIMENTS OF FOOT:

On Account of the Allowance for supplying Worms, Turnforews, Pickers, and sundry other Articles, to the Effective Soldiers of the Foot Guards, and other Regiments of Infantry, in Great Britain - -

SMALL ARMS:

For the Supply of Regiments, Associations, &c. &c. ——

SALTPETRE:

For the Purchase of Two Hundred Tons, for Land Service, from the Company -

Extraordinaries -Ordinary - -

Total - - Ordinary and Extraordinaries 1800 - £.

Deduct 4 - Granted by Parliament for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Months of "January and February 1800 -

Ordinary and Extraordinaries for Ten Months, from 1

to 31st December 1800 ——

Unprovided —

{1798 - - Land Service -1799 - - Ditto

C' 4.

" 33.67I II 5

- 184,324 13 3

£. s. i.

271,489 n 7

24,111 12 —

5,000 -

180,coo — — 8,000 — —

1,008,903 5 6

469,057 7 9

1.477.96° >3 3

350,000 ——

1,127,960 13 3

217,996 4 8

.345.956 7 *

Office of Ordnance,

vjxk January 1800.

Howe.

A. Ro/s,

John Sa.

The, Baillie.

Ordered,

40 Geo. III. IoA Februatu. 16t

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the present Session of Parliaments and also, what Laws are Table to be perilfed by the Members of the House. about to expire within Twelve Months subsequent to the

Commencement of the present Session, or in the Course Commiifee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself intd of the next Session, or at the End thereof, and to report cemin^Ex- a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Two the fame, from Time to Time, to the House, with their pnnfi w made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of Opinion which of them are fit to be revived, continued.

His present Majesty, and also, an Act, made in the or made perpetual, and was then agreed to by the House, Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- that they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to jesty, relating to the Admission of certain Articles of the Resolutions now reported, and agreed to by the Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Or- House. ders in Council for that Purpose; and also, of an Act,

made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His The Lord reported from the Committee

present Majesty, intituled, "An Act, authorizing His appointed to consider of Means for rendering more Majesty, for a limited Time, to make Regulations fedual the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirteenth " respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from The Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " Cape of Good Hope " and also, of an Act, made in " An Act for better regulating the Assize and making of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " Bread," and who were instructed to consider of the 'enable His Majesty, by Order in Council, to permit, most effectual Means of remedying any Inconveniences r until "Six Weeks after the Commencement of the which may arise from the Deficiency of the last Crop of

" next Session of Parliament, such Goods as shall be Grain, and empowered to report their Proceedings from " specified in such Order, to be imported into this King- Time to Time to the House; That the Committee had dom in Neutral Ships." made some Progress in the Matters to them referred,

Mr. Speaker.left the Chair. and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee. House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. wards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix

I Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report

had come to several Resolutions; which they had di- was read.

reded him to report, when the House will please to re- , That the said Report be taken into further

crive the lame. Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report be now received. , That such a Number of Copies of the said

ported, ' Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Com- Report, with the Appendix thereunto, be printed, as mittee, the Resolutions which the Comrnutee had di- shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the reded him to report to the House; which he read in his House.

Places and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: The said Report is preserved amongst the other

| Where the same were read; and are as followeth; Papers of this Session.

Revived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, A printed Copy is with the Original,

f That two Acts, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the

1 Reign of Elis present Majesty, and also an Act, made in Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to in-jesty, relating to the Admission of certain Articles of demnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify thetn-Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders selves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify in Council for that Purpose, which A6is were, by Four Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to re-Acts of the Thirty seventh. Thirty-eighth, 'and Thirty- -gifter or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time ninth Years of the Reign of Hispveient Majesty, and of directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited this Session of Parliament, further continued until the for those Purposes; to indemnify Members and Officers aoth Day of February 1800, are near expiring, and fit to in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Ad-be continued. millions have been omitted to be llamped according to

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid. That an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act au- stamped; to permit such Persons as have omitted to thorizing His Majesty, for a limited Time, to make make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures Regulations tefpeding the Trade and Commerce to of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file 44 and from The Cape of Good Hope,"which was by Three the fame; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants

Acts, of the Thirty-eighth and Thirty-ninth Years of the and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to trans-Reign of His present Majesty, and of this Session of mit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of Parliament,'further continued until the aoth Day of Fe~ the Peace within the Time directed by Law, and for binary 1800, is near expiring, and fit to be continued. extending the Time limited for that Purpose; was cotn-Rejdved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, mitted, the Amendments which the Committee had That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, in- made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to tituled, 44 An Act to enable His Majesty, by Order in report to the House; and he read the Report in his Council, to permit, until Six Weeks after the Com- Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the tnenccment of the next Session of Parliament, such Amendments, in gt the Clerk's Table: Where the Goods as shall be specified in such Order, to be im- Amendments were Once read throughout; and then ported into this Kingdom in Neutral Ships," which a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question was, by an Act of this Session of Parliament, continued severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. until the 20th Day of February 1800, is near expiring, Ordered. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be and fit to be continued. . ingrafted.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Tim<5, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Mr. Long presented to the House, by His Majesty's agreed to by the House. Command,

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Efta-who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursu- blishment of the Province of Upper Canada, in America, ant to the First of the Resolutions which, upon Friday from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1800: last, were reported from the Committee appointed to And also,

esquire what Public General Laws have expired within Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Efta-Twelve Months preceding the Commencement of the blishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, in America^ V 0 l. 55. T t from

Report from Committee le-specting the

Br ad,

Indemnity BilJ, rejected.

Estimates,

prerented.

Upper Canada.

Nova Scotia.

tf :w Bnanf wick *

St. J Iflani.

Cape Breton *

Nrwfound-

Uad-

Bahvna

lil-nd.

to0 Februarii.

A. 1800.

from the ift of January to the 31st of December 18005 And al Co,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Eftd-blishment of the iProvince of BrUnswick, in from the 24th June 1800 to the 24th June 1801: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Istand of Saint in from the tft of January to the 31st of December 1800: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Istand of Cape Breton, in America, from the 24th of Junei3oO to the 24th of June 1801: And

also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Istand of Newfoundland, in America, from the ill: of April 1800 to the ift of April 1801: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Bahama IJIands, in America, in Addition

to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the lame, from the ill of January to the 3 ill of December 1800: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Efta- Bemud blishment of the Bermudas or Somers IJIands, from the 24th of June 1800 to the 24th of June 1801: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Istand of Dominica, from the ift Domini " of January to the 31st of December 1800:" And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Efta- New South blishment of New South Wales, from the 10th of October Wale ' 1769 to the 10th of October 1800: And allb,

Estimate of the probable Amount of the Bills that o». will be drawn on the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, For the Service of the Settlement at New South Wales in the Year 1799, and will become due in the Course of the Year 1800.

And the Titles of the said Estimates and Paper were read.

The said Estimates and Paper lure as followeth; 4

E S TI M AT E of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper ,in America, from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1800.

Salary of the Lieutenant Governor

Chief Justice ——

Attorney General ——

Solicitor General ——

Two Judges of the Common Pleas, each £.750 ——

Clerk of the Crown and Pleas -

Two Sheriffs, at £. 100 each - - - -

Secretary and Register - -

Clerk of the Council ——

Receiver General of the Revenues ——

Five Executive Councillors, each £. 100 ——

Surveyor General of Lands ——

Naval Officer ——

Salary of the Bishop's Com miff ary ——

Temporary Allowance for Four Clergymen ——

Allowance to the Widow of Lieutenant Colonel Campbell, late Governor of the Bermudas, in Reward of his firm and judicious Conduit, and able Services at the Myamis, and in Consideration of her straitened Circumstances, Annum - - . -

Allowance on Account of Fees, on the Receipt and Audit - - .

Agent 2. ——

2,000

1,100

300

100

1,500

100

200

300

100

200

500

300

100

150

400

150

250

200

7 >95° ——

Whitehall,

10th February 1800.

J. King.

ESTIMATE

40 Geo III *

io

Februafik

i6$

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civii Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, id

America, from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1800.

Salary of the Lieutenant Governor ——

Chief Justice - -

Attorney General - " ' - - >

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council

Naval Officer ——

Surveyor General of Lands

T reafurer ——

AlloWande to a Bishop -D - to Ministers

A Missionary to the Gernian Inhabitants who have joined the Church of England To the Reverend Mr. Bennett, as in the preceding Estimates -To the Reverend Dr. Brown, late Minister of the Presbyterian College at until

otherwise provided for ——

To Mr. Thompson, Prothonotary, to cease when an Allowance shall be granted to him, by the House of Assembly ——

Mrs. Cottnams Annuity ——

Allowance to Superintendant of Fishery *

Re-building Saint George's Church ——

An additional Missionary in Nova Scotia, at £. 50. per Annum, to commence from the lit July 179$ ——

Allowance on Account for Fees on the Receipt and Audit - - - - *

Agent ——

c 1,000 850 150. 450 ' 100 ' 150

50

700

965

75

100

75 ——

100 —

100 — —

200 — — 200 -- —

75 — —

200 ——

200 — —

5,540 ——

Whitehall, loth February 18exi.

% King.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Britnfwith,

in America, from the 24th June 1800 to the 24th iHoi.

r

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor

Chief Justice ——

Three Assistant Judges, at 300 per Ann each Attorney General

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council -

Naval Officer ——

Surveyor General of Lands ——

Stipends and Allowances to Ministers - .

Allowance to the Bishop of Nova Scotia's Commissary at New Brunswick

Allowance on Account, for Contingencies

Agent -

1,000

500

906

150

250

100

150

800

150

500

150

4,650 ——

ES

Whitehall,

10th February 1800. J.

Vot« 55.

ESTIMATE

164 to Pebtuaril. A. 1800 *

ESTIM AT El of the Chifge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the I Hand of Job#) in America, from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1800.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor - -

Chief justree - - - »

Attorney General -

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council -

Efyval Officer - t - -

Erovoft Marshal -

Minister

Surveyor Gencrd - -

Allowance to the late Clerk of the Crown and Coroner until otherwise provided for -Allowance to the late Clerk of the Council, D‘- -

Allowance ot» AccbUnt bf Fees on the Receipt and Audit -

Allowance for Contingencies

Agent k - * -

L

L

500 300 too I so 100 100 70 100 90 60 100 130 100

1,900 — —

whit^dii,

xbth February 18001

J. King.

ESTIMATE off the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Breton, in America,

from the 14th of Jane 1800 to the 24th of June 1801.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor

Chief Justice - -

Attorney General - -

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council Minister - - - -;

Surveyor General

Naval Officer - -

Provost Marshal - - - - *

Allowance to a Public Schoolmaster *

Allowance upon Account for Contingencies Agent - .

Whitehall, loth February 1800.

K

" 5.00 — —

300

- I OO —

- 150

- IOO

IOO —

- IOO — —

IOO:

40

200 — —

150

£ 1,840 — —

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Efolbh foment of the Island of Newfoundland, in America,

from the ift of April 1800 to ift of April 1801.

Salary of the Governor - - - - --- «.

Governor's Secretary ——

Judge of the Admiralty - -

Naval Officer ——

Allowance to the Missionary at Saint John's

Allowance to die Sheriff, at for. per Diem ——

Allowance to Twp additional Missionaries at Newfoundland, at £> 50. each per Annum, to commence from the ift January 17 99 ——

Allowance on Account for Fees on the Receipt and Audit ——

Agent ——

f. s. d. 500 — — 182 10 — 200 — — 100 —

50 ——

l82 , IO —

22 5 — —

IOO — —

10 o — —

Whitehall, xotli February 1800.

7 King.

1,640

----1 .

ESTIMATE

40 Geq. III.

io° Febmari,f.

165

.ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Bahama glands, in America, in

addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Quty Fund, and other Incidental Charges attending the fame, from the iftof January to the 31st December 1800 .

Additional Salary to the Governor

Salary of the Chief Justice - - -

Two Assistant Judges, at £. 200 Annum each - t

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council - -

Attorney General -

Provost Marshal - - ——

Naval Officer - - - _ - .

Surveyor General of Lands - - .

Minister - - - ~ -

Minister at Harbour Island and Eleu - - - . -

Three Missionaries at the other Elands, at £.70 per Annum each -

Allowance to Mrs. Wegg, for the Support of herself and Seven Children, now in Distress, in Consideration of the long, Sufferings and Services of her late Husband Edmund Rush late Attorney General - - - . " - ~

Allowance for the Maintenance of a Vessel for the Service of Government *

Allowance for Contingencies - - - - " " ~ "

Agent - - r - -j -1 - - "

£-800 500 400 150 15a iso iso iso 70 70 210

150

700

300

150

4,100 ——

Whitehall', r«th February 1800.

J. King,

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the or Somers fforra

the 24th of 7"» i8op to the 24th of June 1801.

Salary of the Chief Justice fees on Receipt r

Whitehall, losh February 1800,

500 — — 80 ——

580 — »-

J. King.

ISLAND of Dominica, from the tft of January to the 31st of December 1800.

jSaJary of the Chief Justice of the Island - ~ - -

To cease, when a Salary shall be provided by the Legislature of the Island.

£.600 — —

Whitehall,

I oth February i8po.

J. King.

Voz.. 55,

Uu

ESTIMATE

166

16° Februariu i

A \ 1800.

ES TIM A T E of the Chai'ge of defraying the Civil Establi foment of New South from the toth of October 1799 to the toth of 1800.

Salary of the Governor ——

Deputy Judge Advocate -

Commissary - - - -

Provost Marfoal - - - - - -

Secretary to the Governor - # - -

For Stationary ....

Clergyman - - - - -

Ditto at Paramatta and Hawksbury - -

Surgeon - - - - - - . ' -

' Three Mates at £.9 i-'5s. each - .

Assistant - - " - - " - - - - -

Surveyor of Lands - - - - 4 . ~ _

Boat Builder ——

Two Deputy Commissaries of Stores - -

Two additional Clerks to the Commissary, at 60 per Annum each - -

Two Afliltant Storekeepers - _

Nine Suptrintendants of Convicts, at £. 50 per Annum each -?---- Arrears of Commissary Palmer's additional Salary for himself and One Clerk, from the 4th of May to the 10th of October 1798 - - - - . - -

NORFOLK ISLAND:

Lieutenant Governor of Norfolk JJlani - -

Additional Salary, to be reduced to £. 100. whenever Lieutenant Governor King shall be promoted in the Line of his Profession ——

Clergyman ——

Surgeon ——

Deputy Commissary of Stores ——

One Storekeeper - -

Deputy Surveyor of Lands - - - «

Three Superintendants of Convicts, at £. 50 each ——

One Matter Carpenter - - - - r . - -

One Beach Matter and Pilot - - - " -

Deputy Judge Advocate, at is. per Diem - - - -

Provost Marfoal - - - "

For a Commission under the Great Seal, constituting a Court of Civil Judicature in Norfolk -lfiand - - - ' ——

Allowance to Governor Phillip, in consideration of his meritorious Services _ - ~ -

Allowance to Mr. White, late Surgeon ——

Upon Account for Fees on Receipt and Audit ——

Agent w-_. ——

I-

£ d. 1,000 — — 182 10 —

365 ——

9l S — 91 5 —

10 — —

182 10 — 146 — - —

182 10 —

V 3IS —

50 ——

182 10 —

9i 5 — 182 10 —

120 ——

too — —

45° ——

106 6 2

250 — —

0.0^ _

96 —

,30 — —

91 5 —

5° ——

91 5 —

150 ——

40 ——

50 ——

146 — —

70 ——

186 15 6

500 — —

9i 5-<

2CO — -

150 ——

6,379 16 8

Whitehall, 10th February 1800.

J. King,

ESTIMATE of the probable Amount of the Bills, that will be drawn on the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, for the Service of the Setdement at New South in the Year 1799, and will be-

come due in the Course of this Year 1800 *

L-

24,074.

Whitehall,

10th February 1800.

7. King.

Ordered.,

40 Geo. III.

io

ii

Febfuariu

167

Ordered, That the said Efti mates and Paper do He upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

fctport Supply.

IniDMB.

jesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Prevention and " Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in " His Majesty's Forces, by Sea or Land, from their " Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite " them to Mutiny or Disobedience," was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Attempt! to

seduce Sea of Land

Forces, committed *

Wages for IX

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was. referred to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty, th6 Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, upon the said Bill.

That One Hundred and Ten Thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service for Eleven Lunar Months, Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-commdncing the 26th Day of February 1800, including count of the Expence of the Volunteer Corps of this Twenty-two Thousand Six Hundred and Ninety-six Kingdom, from the Time of their Establishment to the Marines. 1 ft of January last, stating, as near as may be, the Cost

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, of each Corps.

That a Sum, not exceeding Two Millions Two Hun-

Vi&u lt for D°.

"WcarandTear of Ships *

Ordnirn^ Sea Service.

dred Thirty-eight Thousand Five Hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for Wages for the said One Hundred and Ten Thousand Men, for Eleven Lunar Months, commencing the 26th Day of February 1800, at the Rate of One Pound Seventeen Shillings per Man per Month. f

> Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two Millions Two Hundred and Ninety-nine Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for Victuals for the said One Hundred and Ten Thousand Men, for Eleven Lunar Months, commencing the 26th Day of February 1800, at the Rate of One Pound Eighteen Shillings per Man per Month.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three Millions Six Hundred and Thirty Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Wear and Tear of the Ships in which the said One Hundred and Ten Thousand Men are to serve, for Eleven Lunar Months, commencing the 26th Day of February 1800, at the Rate of Three Pounds per Man per Month.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three Hundred and Two I ‘mifand Five Hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majer^ for the Ordnance for the Sea Service on Board the Ships in which the said One Hundred and Ten Thousand M«n are to serve,-for Eleven Lunar Months, commencing the 26th Day of February 1800, at the Rate of Five Shillings per Man per Month.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That it be referred to a Committee of the whole House, -to consider of the Causes of the Failure of the late Expedition to Holland,

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

f Mr. Whitbread,

Tellers for the Yeas,< Mr. William Joseph De- } 45. i nifon:

tIViT. ‘

Tellers for the Noes,

Account of F.xpence of Volunteer Corps, ordered *

Motion respei'ti"g the Expedition to Holland s Neg.

1

(Mr. Perceval, S,cMr. Sa

216.

So it passed in the Negative.

The other Order of the Day being read;

And it being Half an Hour after Twelve of the Clock on TuesdayMorning;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Martis, ii° die;

Anno 40° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1800.

Supply de ferred.

Committee of Ways and Meant appointed.

Bill to continue

1"?

Militia Regiments, committed.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees for executing several Acts, made for amending the Highway . Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday between and Win the County of Bedford,

next> resolve itself into a Committee of the and for repairing the Road leading through Woburn to whole HpuT^ to conf1(]er of Ways anci Means for raif- Tickford Bridge, in Newport Paguell, in the County of ing the supply to pjjs Majesty. Bucks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting

' < forth. That the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of

A Bill for further contu,;ng an ma(je Jn the the said Acts, have proceeded in the Execution thereof.

Thirty-eighth Year of the Rf.^ of j_jjs present Ma- and have for that Purpose borrowed a considerable Majesty, intituled, "An Act for empo\v.-;Dg j^;s Majesty, of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, for a Time and to an Extent to be linTw.,t to accept which Money has been duly applied, but the said Roads

Hoclcliffe and Woburn Roads Petition.

the Services of such Parts of His

Militia'

r.r

* this Kingdom as may voluntarily oiler themselves " be employed in Ireland," was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Bill to continue Afl foe Punishment of

:ces in are still in a very bad State, and Part of them now under an Indictment; and that the said Roads cannot be ef-r'ftually amended, nor the Money which has been borrower ^hereon as aforesaid, be repaid, unless the Term of the said A.fts is continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions ti.«reof altered and amended, nor unless the Tolls are increased. And therefore praying, That Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Leave may be given to bring ;n a gill to continue the resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of the said upon the said Bill. Acts, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and

Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Thirty-feverUh Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-V01. 5;. 5 mine

11 ° Februari

0

Tilbrooke Inclosnrt Uili, paiToL

1 *

Iflip Inclosure Bill, paflid.

Ipswich and W reciter

Deb lot f Feti-tms.

Glasgow Pa.

lice Petition, reported.

168

mine the Matter thereof; and repoit the iame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Saint John, Mr. Whitbread., &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber ;and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An logrolled Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Til-

brooke, in the County of Bedford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Tilbrooke, in t]ic County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. Saint John do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of If ip, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of If ip, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Saint John do carry the Bil to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the County Gaol at Ipfwick, and the Gaol of Bury St. Edmunds, in Suffolk: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in His Majesty's Gaol of the City of Worcester;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. M'Dowall reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of the City of , for them-

lelves, and on Behalf of the Community of the said City, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had not been complied with, as the Sentiments of the Three Incorporated Bodies of the City of Glasgow, respecting the Objects of the Petition,

could not be ascertained until the Election of the Magistrates had taken place, which was subsequent to the Quarter Sessions in October last, and 'which rendered it impracticable to give the Notices at the Times required by the Standing Orders of the House; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Seton Carr, Esquire, being examined, said. That th'in habitants of the City of Glas have of 1 4® Years greatly increased in Number, and that would tend greatly to their Accommodation,' to that of other Persons referring to the said <fdty, that Footways and Pavements were made o«the Sides of the Streets thereof; that the said Street and Pavements were better lighted and clean fed; that the Police and Markets were better regulated; that a Superintendant of Police and Watchmen were appointed for the said City; that the said City were divided into Wards, and that Superintend-

A. 1800.

ants were appointed over these Wards; that certain Funds were raised, -and Powers were given to the said Magistrates and Town Council, and to the Burgh and Dean of Guild Courts of the said City, for the above Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Sir John Regard, Baronet, Sir George Mutton, Fist. Cayley, Baronet, Sir Christopher Sykes,' Baronet, Richard Srainajfk-Langley, Esquire, Joseph Denntfon, Esquire, and the uuoa. several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, Owners and Proprietors of Estates within the several Pari dies,

Townships, or Places, of Mufon, Eaf,

Flotmanby, Folkton, Flixton, St ax ton. Wilier by, Binning-ton, Gauton, Hotter Brompton, Sherburn, Eaf Wef Heflerton, Yeddingham, Knap ton.

Scampfon, Rillington, Scagglethorpe, Setterington, and Norton, in the East Riding of the County of York, and also, within the several Parishes, Townships, or Places, of Old Malt on, Pickering, Thornton, Ebberston,

Yeddingham Abbey, Snainton, Brampton, Rtf on, -ham, Hutton Bushell, Wef A\ton, Eaf Ay ton, Orton,

Seamer, Cayton, Lebberfoit, and Gin the North

Riding of the same County, some or One of, them, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That there are within the several Parishes, Townfiiips, or Places, above-mentioned, certain large Tracts of Low Lands, the Property of the Petitioners, and others, containing in the Whole, x 0,000 Acres, and upwards, through which the Rivers Derwent and Harford have their separate and conjoined Courses; and that the Channels and Beds of the said Rivers are very infutfi-cient to contain and convey the Flood Wate/s thereof within their present Limits, and such Flood Waters being also'greatly impeded in their Passage by the many bending Directions in which the said Rivers take their Courses, the said Lands are thereby subject to be frequently overflowed and injured, and by reason thereof the same are incapable of any considerable Improvement, or of being put into a State of Cultivation; and that, in order to prevent such Injury to the said Lands, and to improve the same by an effectual Drainage, it is expedient that a Cut, of sufficient Dimensions to act^ a free Passage for the Waters of the Derwent ‘n

Times of Flood, should be made, to branch ut of the same River at or near a Place within the P«ilh of Hack- ttefs, in the said North Riding, called Aver ley, and to be continued from thence, Eastwards, through certain Lands within the same Parish, to and into a Brook within the Parish of Scalby, within the same Riding, called Scalby Beck, and the same Cut to be from thence continued in or near to the present Course of the said Brook, through the said Parish of Scalby, down to tly Sea, there to discharge the Whole of such Water®- J1" that the Beds or Channels of the said River® ‘'10U . e so deepened, widened, altered, and er''!'.an , w ierQ necessary, as at all Times to adm- thln fe Pr0Pcr Limits thereof a free Course ffhe Waters hay.ng to pass along the fame; and ^at such Drainage as aforesaid will be highly to the Petitioners and ot Pub-

lie Utility; A-u therefore praying, lhat Leave may be given to^^g in a Bill for effecting the Purposes afore-foA oy such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Smy/h, Mr. > force, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Name? are Hunmioby, thereunto subscribed, of Behalf of themselves and £<~>inclosure

1 4 ctition *

other

Thorpe Tn-clol'me Hill, prc.euted.

Mepall, Wic-ham, &c. Drainage Petition, report -id.

40 Ge6. III.

other Owners of Eilat es in the Townships of and Fordun, both in the Parish of Hunmanby, in the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That within the said . Townships there are several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, containing, by Estimation, 6,000 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the several Properties of the respective Owners of the said Open and Common Fields and Meadows lie very much intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and so as to render the Cultivation thereof very inconvenient and expensive, but if the fame, together with the said other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, were divided and allotted unto and among the several Persons therein interfiled, according to their respective Rights and interests, and such Allotments flatted and inclosed, they would be much improved, and rendered of much greater Value and Public Benefit: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, flatting, and inclosing, the said Fields, Meadows, Lands, and Grounds, and for allotting and awarding a certain Compensation or Equivalent for or in lieu of the Tythesarifing or to arise, renew, or happen, in, over, or upon, the fame, and in, over, and upon, the Old inclol'ures in the said Townships, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Wilberforce, and Mr. Henry do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. AJUey presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Thorpe, next Norwich, in the County of Norfolk, and in the County of the City of Norwich: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Charles Yorkereported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Proprietors of Lands, within the District thereafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Drainage Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for draining and preferring certain Fen Lands in the Isle of Ely, and County of Norfolk, lying between The Hundred Foot River and the Ouze, and bounded on the South by the Hard Lands of Mepall, WichamWentworth,

Ely, Downham, and Litt/cpcrt, and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Conlerva-tors of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands lying within the limits aforesaid, commonly called hvejled Lauds, was read: And,

16g

Mr. William Waudby being examined, said, That the Commissioners appointed by the said Act have proceeded in the Execution thereof, arid have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Security of the Rates and Taxes chargeable upon the Lands and Grounds mentioned in the said Act, and have assigned over the said Rates and Taxes for feoiring the Monies so borrowed, with the Interest thereof; and a considerable Debt now remains due upon the Alignment of the said Rates and Taxes, and otherwise, on Account of the said Lagds and Grounds; — And the Witness further said, Tlyit the said Lands might be greatly improved by additi- al Works of Drainage, but that the Powers given to the said Commissionershave been found inadequate for theeffectual Drainage and Preservation of the said Lands; and the Mode of appointing Commissioners has proved inconvenient, and it is therefore necessary to repeal certain Parts of the said Act, and to make ,some Alterations and Amendments therein, and also to make some further additional new Works and Drains; and in order to raise sufficient Money to answer these Purposes, it is proposed, that additional Taxes should be laid on the Lands and Grounds aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to alter, explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands in the Ifleof Ely, and County of Norfolk, lying between " The Hundred Foot River and the Ouze, and bounded " on the South by the Hard Lands of Mepall,

" Wentworth, Wichford, Ely, and Littleport;

" and for empowering the Governor, Bailiff's, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the " Great Level of the Fens, commonly , called Bedford " Level, to fell certain Lands lying within the Limits " aforesaid, commonly called lnvested Lands:" And that Mr. Charles Ycrke and General Adeane do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that Mr. Bedford (from the Exchequer) attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Mr. Bedford also presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Debt in Exchequer Bills out-standing on the 5th Day of January 1800; distinguishing the different Heads, the Funds on which the same are chargeable, and the Sums remaining in the Exchequer to satisfy the same: And also,

An Account of the Total Amount produced by an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid and " Contribution for the Prosecution of the War."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The Two last of the said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session, and the first of the said Accounts is as followeth;

X i° FebfuariL

V OL. 55.

X X

To

Account#

presented.

Money issued pursuant to Addresses.

Debt in F.x chequer Hills,

Aid and On *

tribution for the War.

" i7°

11° Februarii. 1800.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money which have been issued, by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

To the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Conditions of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown - -

To George Whittam, for making an Index to the Votes of the House of Commons, and for defraying the Expence of Printing the same -

5.983 3 —

220 ——

26,203 3 —

Exchequer, the 1 ith Day of February 1800.

Grosvenor Charier Bedford.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

King Mef- Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the ftgc ivipcfting House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to this from Mogi- House, ligned by His Majesty; and he presented the Awe. same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker,

(all the Members of the House being uncovered) and Is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a List of the Names of the Persons now in Custody, who have been committed in virtue of several Acts, made in the Thirty-eighth arid Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for empowering His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against His Person and Government; and of the Prisons in which they have been confined; together with the Dates of their Commit-

Addrest

thereupon.

Mefta^e referred to a Committee.

His Majesty thinks it right to inform the House of Commons, that, in Consequence of Three Ships having arrived in the Ports of this Country from , on the Coast of Africa, with foul Bills of Health, which left that Place at the Time when the Plague raged there with the greatest Violence, and that Goods were put on Board the said Ships particularly susceptible of Infection, and under the most suspicious Circumstances, His Majesty has thought proper, by the Advice of His Privy Council, to order the said Ships and Cargoes to be destroyed, in Conformity to what has been the Usage in former Instances of the same Nature; and He recommends to the House of Commons, to consider whether any, and what, Allowance should be made to the Parties, for the Losses they may have sustained in Consequence of such Destruction of the Ships and Cargoes.

G. R.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for the gracious Communication contained in His Majesty's said Message.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That His Majesty's said most Gracious Message be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Bragge, Mr. Secretary at War, Sir IVi!Ham Yqung, the Lord Mr. Perceval,

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Steele, Mr. Long, Mr. Rose, Mr. William Dundas, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Charles Yorkc, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Wallace, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Douglas: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

.ment.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

A Petition of William MDozcall, Esquire, being offered' to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That several Acts have been passed in the Reign of His present Majesty, for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue ot Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, for the Aid and Accommodation of the Planters and Merchants connected with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, in Consideration of the heavy Losses that had been sustained in Consequence of the Insurredions which took place in these Islands; and that the Petitioner and James Andrew

Houfloun, and Robert HouJioun Rae, who are the Petitioners, Partners carrying on Trade under the Firm of Alexander HouJioun and Company, Merchants, in Glasgow, applied to the Commissioners acting under these Acts, and did obtain a Loan to the Amount of £.240,000, for the Re-payment of which the Petitioner and the said Partners, with certain Persons as Sureties for them, granted Security on Terms of the said Acts, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners; and that this large Sum w'ould not have been issued by the Commissioners to the Petitioner and his Partners, unless they had proved the great Extent of their Funds, and the Embarrassfnents which the Partnership had sustained by the Public Calamities in the said Islands, as well as the Importance of supporting a Commercial House of such Magnitude, not for their own Sakes, but to prevent that extensive Ruin to others, which would have been the Consequence of withholding the Loan for which the Petitioners had applied: — The good Efleds of the Loan were soon felt, as the Petitioners were enabled thereby to pay very large Sums to their Creditors, and by that

Means

1

Address for Lift of Persons detained under A£U 38 and 3 9 Geo. III.

1

Mr McDow-ail's Petition.

40 Geo. III.

11 ° — 12° Februarii.

171

Means they gave great Support to Commercial Credit: — They also were able to liquidate many of their Out-Handing Concerns; and had the fairest Prospect of paying the Instalments of the Loan, but unfortunately a new Event was unexpectedly added to the destructive Effects which had been produced by the Insurrections in the said I (lands, by the great and sudden Fall which took place some Months ago in the Price of India Produce, and was -so considerable on the Returns received by the Petitioner from his Estates, and from the Debtors of the House, as to disappoint his Hopes of being able to pay the Instalment due, so that he could not obtain the Prolongation which by the lad Act he would upon that Payment have been entitled to for the Second and Third Instalments, and the Consequeitce has been, that the said original Sum of ,£.240,000. is dill due to the Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills; and the Petitioner and his said Partners, and the Persons who became Sureties for them, are in danger of being didrefled for such Payment, unless Relief be granted by Parliament, although the Petitioner and his Co-partners are' possessed of Funds more than sufficient to discharge the said Debt, and all their other Engagements, but which Funds, from the Exigency of the Times, and Circumstances peculiar to them, the Petitioner and his said Partners cannot at present command, and the Gonsequence of proceeding against them by Extents would not only occasion the Ruin of their Affairs, but would involve a considerable Number of Persons, to the Injury of Public and Commercial Credit; and that the Mercantile Connections of the Petitioner and his Partners with the Islands of Grenada and Saint , particularly Grenada, «re very extensive, and the Property of the House and of their Correspondents considerable;

: — They have differed much, in common with others connected with, and having Property in, these Islands, and have been particularly embarrassed by the Deaths of their most active and valuable Agents and Correspondents during and soon after the Insurrection; the Returns have been for some Years pad inadequate to their reasonable Expectations, the Produce actually sent home lad Season remains unfold, or has been sold at a very low Price; and, owing to the late and present State of Credit, their Remittances by Bills of Exchange, and other Funds, will not be convertible into Calli for a considerable Time, although perfectly good; and that the Petitioner and his Co-partners have it in their Power clearly to shew that the Public can ultimately sustain noLofs by enlarging the Term for the Re-payment of the Sum due by them, and as the peculiar Circumstances of their same render, in their humble Apprehension, this Indulgence a proper Measure on Public Grounds; therefore praying the House to grant them Relief, under such Conditions as may be deemed expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Expiring v Mr. Bragge presented to the House, according to preZn^j1' Order, a Bill to continue several Laws relating to the establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Nezo- foundland, to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose; to the authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade to The Cape of Good Hope; and to the enabling His Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into this Kingdom ih Neutral Ships: And the same was received; and read the Fird Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tc-morrow Morning.

Brtt to rejin- The House was moved, That an Act, made in the otVboure's Year of the Reign of Queen , intituled,

in Husbandry, " An Act containing divers Orders for Artificers, La-tutituco. " bourers. Servants of Husbandry, and Apprentices,"

might be read.

Vol. 55.

' And the same being read accordingly i

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend so much of the said Act as empowers justices of the Peace to regulate the Wages of Labourers in Husbandry: And that Mr. Whitbread, Lord William Russell, Mr. Tierney, and Mr. Saint John, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee on Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for fur- to.c£nr

i . , - ,. , r_., . tmue Act for

ther continuing an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year accepting of-of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act of Militia " for empowering His Majesty, for a Time and to an eS"nem *

" Extent to be limited, to accept the Services of such " Parts of His Militia Forces in this Kingdom as may " voluntarily offer themselves to -be employed in " land.' *

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Braggetook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report,'when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received1 Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee o a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Aa°foc" further continuing an Act^ made in the Thirty-seventh pUnishment of Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled. Attempts to " An Act for the better Prevention and Punishment of LanaVorceT.

" Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's " Forces, by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny " or Disobedience."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they bad gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Notice being taken of some Inaccuracies in the Ac- Account of count, shewing how the Monies raised by virtue of an vw of credit Act of the last Session, intituled, "An Act for en~ withdrawn,

" abling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Three Mil- |"je^ther " lions for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned," have been disposed of and applied, which was presented to the House upon the 27 th Day of January last:

Ordered, That the said Account be withdrawn, and a proper one presented instead thereof.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock,

Met cur/V, 120 Februarii;

Anno 40® Georgii IIItU Regis, 1800.

Prayers.

MR. Pierrepont presented to the House, according Nonmnton-to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, regulating, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Paf- prelerue(i. ' tures. Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Normanton-upon-Trent, in the County of Not-

tingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition

Wyfall Inclosure Fetiuon.

Nepali, Wich-am, See, Drainage Bill,

presented.

Denbigh Debtors Petition.

Dearne and Dove Canal Petition *

2° Februarii.

A \ 180 d»

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Land, and otherwise interested in the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Wyfall, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Property of the Petitioners in the said Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands, lie dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that it will be greatly to the Interest. of the Petitioners, if the said Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands, were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pierrepont and the Lord Rancliffe do prepare, and bring'in; thfe fame.

Mr. Charles Yorke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to alter, explain, amend, and render more effectual, art Act, passed in the Twenty.ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled; " An Act for draining and preferring " certain Fen Lands in the Isle of Ely, and County of " Norfolk, lying between The Hundred Foot River and " the Ouze, and bounded on the South by the Hard " Lands of Mepall, Wicham, Wichford,

" Ely, Downham, and Littleport, and for empowering " the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the " Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the " Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain " Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly " called Invested LandsAnd the same was received } and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty's Gaol for the County of Denbigh, was presented to the House, and read-; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Dearne and Dove Canal Company, under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Dun Navigation Cut, in the Township of Swin-ton, to or near the Town of Barnfey, in the Parish of

Silkfone, in the West Riding of the County of York, and certain Collateral Cuts branching out of the said Canal, the Petitioners were empowered to raise a Sum, not exceeding £. 60,000, for making the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and, in case such Sum should be found insufficient, they were also empowered to raise, in the Manner therein mentioned, a further Sum; not exceeding £. 30,000, for completing the said Undertaking; and that the Petitioners have made great Progress in the Execution of the said Act, having already completed a considerable Part of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, in doing which they have expended nearly the Whole of the £. 60,000, which they were thereby empowered to raise, but find that the said Act is defective, and that further Powers are wanting for raising the additional Sum of £. 30,000, for enabling the Petitioners effectually to complete the said Undertaking, and that the present Tolls are inadequate to the Expences of the doing thereof: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners to finish and complete the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and to explain, amend, and enlarge, the Powers of the said Act, and for inefeafing the Tolls thereby granted, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be refereed to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the famei as' it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce, &c: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the Open Arable Fields, Ings, Stinted Pastures, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, and other Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Kereby, otherwise Kirkby, otherwise Kirkby cum in the Parish of Kirkby Overblow, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Property of the several Owners and Persons interested in the said Lands and Grounds lie intermixed and dispersed, and inconvenient for the Cultivation thereof, and, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares allotted to the several Owners and Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, the tame might be considerably improved, to the great Benefit and Advantage of the respective Owners, and also of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Henry Lascelles and Mr. Wilberfcrce do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Kirkby Inclosure Petition

Mr. Pollen reported from the Committee, to whom Leominfar the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing several Acts, passed for amending and keeping in Repair several Roads leading from the Town of Leonti if er, in the County of Hereford, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the Roads therein mentioned, leading from the Town of Leominster, in the County of And that Mr. Pollen and Mr. William Taylor do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Reverend John Robin [on. Clerk, Eniham, &e. Lord of the Manors of Enfant, Nand 1,clolure fy, in the Parish of Enfant, in the County of Oxford, the Reverend Richard Nicoll, Doctor in Divinity, and Thomas Walker, Esquire, Trustees of the Estates within the said Parish, appointed by the Will of Benjamin loway, Esquire, deceased, Benjamin Holloway, Esquire, eld eft Son and Heir of the said Benjamin Holloway, deceased, the Reverend Thomas Naf, Vicar of the fame

Parish, and the several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands or Grounds, in the Manors of Ensham, New I and,

7 ar.d

tition.

Southampton and Salisbury Canal Petition.

40 Geo. III. '12° Febru 173

and Filgarjly, and in the Parish of aforesaid,

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That within the said Manors and Parish there is a large Tract of Uncultivated Heath Land, and several Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Commonable Lands, which lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Condition, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be an Advantage to all Parties interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Tract of Heath Land, and the said Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Commonable Lands, and that specific Parts and Shares thereof may be assigned and allotted unto and amongst the Petitioners, and others, interested therein, in Severalty, in lieu of, and in Proportion to, their respective Lands, Tythes, Dues, Rights of Common, and other Interests therein, respectively, by such Ways, and' in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Charles Spencer and Mr. John Fane do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Southampton and Salisbury Canal, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth, That the Petitioners were incorporated by an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and were empowered to make and complete a Canal navigable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, to or near the City of New Sartim, in the County of Wills, with a Collateral Branch to Northam, in the Parish or Township of Saint Mary, within the Liberties of the Town and

County of the Town of So ;and to enable them to carry on so useful an Undertaking, they were authorized to raise and contribute, amongst themselves, any Sum not exceeding £. 56,000; but, in case the same should be found insufficient for completing the said Canal, they were authorized to raise any further Sum not exceeding £. 30,000, Fifteeen Thousand Pounds, Part thereof, by additional Shares, and the Residue at legal Interest, on the Credit of the said Canal, and the Tolls, Rates, and Duties thereof; and that the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have laid out the Whole of the Line of the said Canal and Branch, and have cut a considerable Part thereof; but, from unforeseen Accidents and Expences, they have expended the Whole of the said Sum of £. 56,000, without having completed the said

Canal; and that the Petitioners have endeavoured to raise the further Sum of £. 15,000, by additional Shares, without Etfeft; but lire convinced they can procure the Whole of the said Sum of 30,000 by Mortgage of the Tolls, Rates, and Duties, of the said Canal, if they were empowered so to do; and that the Petitioners are apprehensive, that, from the great Advance of Materials and Labour, they shall have Occasion to borrow a further Sum of Money, over and above the said Sum of £. 30,000; and that the Petitioners find, in order to enable them effectually to complete and maintain the said Canal, it will be necessary that the said Act should be altered and amended: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions, as the House shall think just and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Penruddocke Wyndliam, Mr.

Bragge, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber;

Vol. 55.

and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records *

The House was moved. That the several Reports which, in the last Session of Parliament, were made from the Select Committee, who were appointed to consider the Minutes of the Evidence taken by the Committee, to whom the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and also by the Committee to whom the Bill for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London, were severally committed; and who were instructed to receive such further Plans and Observations as might be submitted to them for the Improvement of the Port of London, and for the greater Accommodation and Security of the Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the same, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of such further Measures as may be necessary for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London, and to report the same to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. George , the Lord

Hawkejhury, Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart, Mr. Steele, Sir Andrew Snape Hamond, Mr. John Mr. Bur don, Mr.

Hawkins Browne, Mr. Abbot, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Bragge: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee. '

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " empowering His Majesty, for a Time and to art Extent " to be limited, to accept the Services of such Parts of " His Militia Forces in this Kingdom as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Ireland," was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be in-grofled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-grofled.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Prevention and Punishment of " Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's " Forces, by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or " Disobedience," was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrafted.

Y y »

Committee pointed to consider of Mea-fu»es for better tegulating the Port ot -London.

Bill to continue Act for accepting Offers of Militia Regiments, reported.

Bill to continue Act for Punishment of Attempts to seduce Sea or Land Forces, reported.

Indemnity Bill, passed.

Further Cotv

{iteration of Report re I petting the Assize of Bread, &c. deferred.

Petition of Mr. McOowaJl referred to a Committee.

74

12° Februarii.

A. 1800.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill, to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes; to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Ad millions have been omitted to be damped according to Law, or, having been damped, have been lod or millaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly damped; to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for that Purpose, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to regider or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes until the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Eight hundred; to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be damped according to Law, or, having been damped, have been lod or mislaid, and for allowing them until the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Eight hundred to provide Admissions duly damped; to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the same on or before the Fird Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand Eight hundred; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for that Purpose until the Fird Day of September One thousand Eight hundred.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Monday lad, for taking into further Consideration, upon Friday Morning next, the Report which Was made from the Committee appointed to consider of Means for rendering more effectual the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for better regulating the Afsize and making of Bread," and who were indruded to consider of the most effectual Means of remedying any Inconveniences which may arise from the Deficiency of the lad Crop of Grain, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

The House was moved, That the Petition of William MeD<nvall, Esquire, which was Yederday presented to the House, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the tame being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, t<? the House:

4

And a Committee was appointed, of Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Mr. Man-

tling, Mr. Henry ‘Thornton, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Bragge,

Mr. Charles Yorke, Mr. Nicholas Funfit tart. Sir John William Anderson: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Committee of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to SuPP Jr consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Estimate . &c. Navy, for the Year 1800, be referred tq the said Com- of

Illittee. Navy.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of what Extra Navy, may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in' His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1800, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Monies which will Ti-ansport improbably be wanted for the Service of the Transport Office, vke for the Year 1800, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the probable Expence p,;roners of which may be incurred for the Service of Sick Prisoners War. of War, in the present Year 1800, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Guard and Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces in G-‘mlon,> Great Britain, Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney, from 25 th December 1799 to 24th December 1800, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His Force in the Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, &c. including those P|anta, lon,» at Gibraltar, in Portugal, at Minorca, and other Stations in the Mediterranean, and The Cape of Good Hope, and a Corps of Foot in New South Wales, from 25th December 1799 to 24th December 1800, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of General General and and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals serving ul‘Ka ' with the Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, for the Year 1800, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Particulars of Particular of " the Charge of the General and Staff Officers, and Of- Do *

" ficers of the Hospitals serving with the Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, for the Year 1800," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out- CheifeaOut-Pensioners of Che/fea Hospital, for the Year 1800, be re- Feniioucr . ferred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Dif- Difference be-ference between the Britishand Irish Pay of Six Regi- ,ween Blind ments of Foot for Service Abroad, from 23th December amiIn,h Pay‘

1799 to 24th December 1800, both inclusive, being 363 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Four Troop in East Regiments of Light Dragoons, and Sixteen Regiments India, of Foot, for Service in East India, from 25th December 1799 to 24th December 1800, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Four Recruiting for Troops of Dragoons, and Sixteen Companies of Foot, D°-stationed in Great Britain, for the Purpose of recruiting the Regiments serving in East India, from 23th December 1799 to 24th December 1800, both inclusive, being 363 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Recruit- Recruiting ing and Contingencies for His Majesty's Land Forces, Land Force , and of the Charge of Extra Feed for the Cavalry in &c‘

Great

40 Geo. III.

12° — 13°

I75

Embodied Militia, &c.

Contingencies for D°.

Clothing for

r>°.

Full Pay to Su-pe numera j Officers.

Allowances to tVie Paymaftd General, Stc *

SnbGstence paid to Inn-keepers.

Half Pay.

JX

!>.

Chelsea Tn-Pen Goners.

Widows Pennons.

Volunteer

Corps.

Foreign Corps.

Barrack Department.

Scotch Roads.

Ordnance-

Great Britain, as well in Barracks as in Quarters, for the Year 1800, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Militia of Great Britain, of the Royal Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon, of Two Regiments of i.ish Militia, and of several Corps of Fencible Infantry, for the Year i8co, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Contingencies for the Embodied Militia of Great Britain, and for several Corps of Fencible Infantry, for the Year 1800, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Clothing for the Embodied Militia of Great for the

Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon, and for Two Regiments of Irish Militia on the British Establishment, for the Year 1800, be referred to the said Committee. ' Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, from 25th December 1799 to 24th December 1800, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Land Forces, to the Commissary General of the Muf-ters, to the Judge Advocate General, to the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General, for the Year 1800, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the in-crealtd Rates of Subsistence, to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on quartering Soldiers, and of the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, in lieu of Small Beer, for the Year

1800, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Piy and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1800, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade in the Service of The States General, for the Year 1800, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's American Forces, for the Year 1800, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of theln-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year 1800, be referred to the said Committee. '

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Pensions to be. paid to the Widows of Officers of the Land Forces, for the Year 1800, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Volunteer Corps of Cavalry and Infantry in Great Britain, for the Year 1800, be referred to the" said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Foreign Corps in the Service of Great Britain, for the Year 1800, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Expences incurred, and expected to be incurred, in the Barrack Master General's Department, for the Year 1800, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, for the Year 1800, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1800 — Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Vol. 55.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they, had come to several Resolutions j which they had di-rested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to way and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Mean . defeI ‘ consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply re ' granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill to continue several Laws relating to the estab- Expiring lishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of -

land, to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose; to the authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade to The Cape of Good Hope; and to the enabling His Majesty to , permit Goods to be imported into this Kingdom in Neutral Ships, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That an humble Address ,be pretented to Addreft for His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Proceedings Direfrions that there be laid before this House, a Copy n_

of the Proceedings of the Lords of His Majesty's< foertmp'siiip most Honourable Privy Council, respecting the Snips and Cargoes which had arrived in the Ports of this K‘ Country from Mogadore, on the Coast of Africa, with foul Bills of Health, and referred to in His Majesty's most Gracious Message to this House of Yesterday.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by l'uch Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten^of the Clock.

Jovis, 130 die Februarii;

Anno 40° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1800.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Edward Disbrowe Esquire, on Chatfton In-Behalf of himself, and others. Owners and Pro- cloture feti-piietors of Estates within the Parish of Cheflon, other- UoB wife Chelveston cum Caldecot, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Commonable Fields, Lands, and Grounds, and Pieces or Parcels of Common and Waste Ground } and that the Lands of the Petitioners, and others, in the said Open and Commonable Fields, Lands, and Grounds,

lie

116 130 Februarii. A. 1800.

lie intermixed and dispersed'in final] Parcels, and are very inconveniently situated for Cultivation; but, if the lame, and also the said Pieces or Parcels of Common and Waste Ground, were divided and allotted unto and amongst the several Proprietors thereof, and Persons interested therein, and such Allotments inclosed, it would be a great Benefit and Advantage to all Parties concerned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-dosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

' Cartwright and Mr. John Fane do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mi!font and Mr. Sargent reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Pennon, ie- Execution Two Acts, made in the Thirtieth Year of

ported. the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

and the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Village of Milford, in the County of Surrey, through to the Top of

DuncktonHill, and from Petworth to Stopham Bridge, in the County of SuJJ'ex, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, and Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read And,

Mr. William Johnson being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Cfedit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be repaid, and the said Roads amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be further continued and enlarged, and the Tolls encreased: — And the Witness further said, That it would be more convenient to the Public, and to all Persons travelling the said Roads, if Power was given to (hut up the present Road leading from a Place called Cross Lanes, in the Parish of Petworth, over a Bridge called Rotkerbridge, to a Place called Heath End, in the said Parish, and to pull down the said Bridge, and, instead thereof, to make a new Road from Cross Lanes to Heath . by Coulterjkall Mill, and to erect a Bridge over the River Rotker, in the said Parish.

Ordered, That Leave be givcj^ to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads leading from the Village of Milford, in the County of Surrey, through Pet-worth, to the Top of Dunckton and from Petworth to Stopham Bridge, in the County of SujJexAnd that Mr. Sargent and the Lord Sheffield do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ho^kliffe and Mr. Saint John reported from the Committee, to ^uwhom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names tion, reported. arc thereunto subscribed, Trustees for executing several Acts, made for amending the Highway between -. life and Woburn, in the County of Bedford, and for repairing the Road jeading through Woburn to Bridge, in Newport Pagnin the County of Bucks, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative toTurn-.pike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition,

v

U7 *

and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered. it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts passed in the First and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty, were read: And,

Mr. Davis being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum. of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted; which Money has been duly applied; but the said Roads are still in a very bad State, and part of them now under an Indictment: —

And the Witness added, That the said Roads cannot be effectually amended, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term of the said Acts be continued, the Powers and Provisions altered and amended, and the Tolls increased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed for amending the Highway between Hockliffe and Woburn, in the County of Bedford, and for repairing the Road leading through Woburn to Pickford Bridge, in N Pagnell, in the County of Bucks: And that Mr. Saint John and Mr.

Whitbread do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Mincheitre Navigation from Manchester to or near -

Lyne, and Oldham, was preflnted to the House, and c iMP«i-read; Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the ,0 Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Cairal from Manchester to or near Aston-uv.der-Lyne, and Oldham, in the County

Palatine of Lancaster, certain Persons were united into

One Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of Phe Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near Aand Oldham, and were authorized and empowered to make1, complete, and maintain, the said Canal Navigation; and that by another Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Company of Proprietors were enabled-to make certain Extensions of their Canal; and that by another Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Company of Proprietors are authorized to raile, in the Manner therein mentioned, a certain Sum of Money, to be applied in paying and discharging the Debts owing by the said Company of Proprietors, and such further Debts as they should contract in completing the said Canal Navigation, and other Powers were thereby given and granted to the said Company of Proprietors; and that the Petitioners have raised a Part only of the Money by the said last mentioned Act authorized to be raised in Manner therein mentioned, and it is found that the Remainder of the Money cannot be raised by the Means therein prescribed; and that the Petitioners have, in proceeding to carry the said Acts into Execution, found the Powers and Provisions thereof in other Respects defective, and it is expedient that the said Acts should be altered and amended: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to alter and amend the said Acts, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Re ftridlions, as to the House shall seem meer.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the Ploufe:

And it is referred to Mr. Stanley, Mr. Blackbv.rne of Lancashire, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the S;>eaker'$ Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill

Denby Inclo-

furt Bill, committed.

Skelmmnthorpe Inclosure Bill, committed.

Hodden field Canal Petition.

Merioneth and Carlisle Debtors ' Petit ions.

Keighley Road Petition.

40 Geo. III. 130 Februarii 177

A Bill, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Field, or Mesne Inclosure, Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of other-

wife Denby with Clayton IVft, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. fiorce, Mr. Henry Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Parcels of Common, Moor, and Waste Ground, within the Manor of Skelmanthorp in the West Riding

of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. force, Mr. Henry Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Huddersfield Canal Company, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from and out of the Canal of Sir John Ramsden, Baronet, at or near the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join and communicate with the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near Ashton-under-Lyne and Oldham, at or near the Town of A/hton-under-Lyne aforesaid, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, certain Persons and their Successors were incorporated by the Name and Stile of The Huddersfield Canal Company, and were authorized and empowered to make, complete, and maintain, the said Huddersfield Canal; and that the Petitioners have, in proceeding to carry the said Act into Execution, found the Powers and Provisions thereof in some Re-spefts defective; and it is expedient that the said Act should be altered and amended: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for altering and amending the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the Hpufe shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Henry Laf-

celles, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the poor Debtors confined in the County Gaol of Merioneth: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto set, being Prisoners confined for Debt in His Majesty's Gaol at Carlisle, in the County of Cumberlandj Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, Trustees for executing Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, amending, and widening, the Road from Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Westmoreland, so far as the said Acts relate to that Part of the said Road which lies in the Counties of Westmoreland and Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That great Progress hath been made in repairing and improving the said District or Division of Road, for which Purpose a Vot. 55.

considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed, and is now due and owing, and that the same cannot be paid off, nor the said District or Division of Road be maintained and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and amended, so far as relates to the said District or Division, and it is necessary that the Tolls to be collected thereon should be encreased: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of the said Acts, so far as respects the said District or Division of Road, lying in the Counties of fV$ftptoreland and Lancaster, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, 'as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lowther, Sir Michael Le Fleming, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Lord Viscount Stopford reported to the House, That their Address of Tuesday last (to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House for the gracious Communication contained in His Majesty's Message to this House, respecting the Ships and Cargoes which had arrived in the Ports of this Country from Mogadore, on the Coast of Africa, with foul Bills of Health) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleased to receive the same most graciously.

Lord Viscount Stopford also reported to the House, That their Address of Tuesday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that a List of the Names of the Persons now in Custody,- who have been committed in virtue of several Acts, made in the Thirty-eighth and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for empowering His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect arc conspiring against His Person and Government j and of the Prisons in which they have been confined; together with the Dates of their Commitment, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Lord Viscount likewise reported to the House,

That their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that a Copy of the Proceedings of the Lords of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, respecting the Ships and Cargoes which had arrived in the Ports of this Country from Mogadore, on the Coast of Africa, with foul Bill of Health, and referred to in His Majesty's most Gracious Message of Tuesday last, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

A Petition of John Dawson, Richard Smeeton, Matthew

Curtis, and John Burnan, Gentlemen, and others, whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Parish of Marton with Grafton, in the County of York, several Open and Uninclosed Fields, called Low Fields, Limebar Field, Thistlebar Field, and Stock Field, containing together, by Estimation, zoo Acres, or thereabouts, and also certain Parcels of Common or Waste Grounds, called Grafton Moor, IVefioff Car , March, Little Street, Low Street, Common Piece Cawkhill,

Beck, Schoolbarrs, Galegar, Hood IValls, and 'William Bar Car, and also divers Common Balks or Waste Grounds in 'Thistlebar Field, Stock Field, and Low Fields, aforesaid, containing, by Estimation, 200 Acres, or thereabouts, and the Petitioners and others, are respectively Z z entitled

AnfWtrs to Add refits.

Marton Inclo-furt Petition.

A. 1800.

178 13'

entitled to Lands in the said Open Fields , some or one of them, and also to Right or Common on the said Commons or Waste Grounds; and that the same are not, in their present Situation, capable of Improvement, nor can be occupied to such Advantage as they might be if divided and inclosed, and specific Parts allotted to the Persons interested, according to their respe&rve Rights therein, and if the tythable Lands and Tenements were exempted from Payment of Tythes upon Compensation being made for the same r And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields and Commons or - Walfe Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Henry Lascelles and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

fteron Syke A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Brid^eRoad thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, and In-Pttiuon. °a habitants respe&rvely, within the County of -

Uni, and several of them Trustees, appointed under the Acts herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read > Setting forth, That by Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening and repairing the High Road leading from Heron Syke, which divides the Counties of Lancaster and , to the Town

of Kirkby in Kendal, and from the said Town of Kirkby

in Kendal through the Town of Shaf to Bridge, in the said County of several Tolls were

granted, and divers Powers given, to the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, fqr the respective Terms therein mentioned and that the Truf-' tees for the Care of the said Roads have proceeded in

the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the respective Tolls thereby granted, which Money now remains due, and cannot be paid off, and the Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, and some Amendments and Alterations made therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in X Bill for continuing the Term of the said recited Acts, ind to make such Amendments and Alterations therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall

appear to them, to the House: .

And k is referred to Sir Michael Fleming, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the'Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. ' ' ,

Report Supply. Mr Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it Was referred to.consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had di-reded him to report to the House; which he fead in his Place; and afterwards delivered ip at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and ace as followeth; viz. .

Ordinary of Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Navy That a Sum, not exceeding Six Hundred Eighty-five Thousand Four Hundred and Twenty-nine Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty,' for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for Eleven Lunar Months, commencing the 26th Day of February 1800.

Extra Navy. Resolved,'That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Six Hundred Fifty-six Thousand Five Hundred and Fifteen Pounds, be granted "to His Majesty, towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, 1

and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty's and thd Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for Eleven Lunar Months, commencing the 26th Day of February 1800.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee TranWi That a Sum, not exceeding One Million Three Hun- Sen',ce dred Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the probable Expence of the Transport Service for One Year, commencing the ill Day of January 1800.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Prisonwof That a Sum, not exceeding Five Hundred Thousand War Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for tire Maintenance of Prisoners of War, in Health, for One Year, commencing the ill Day of January 1800.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D»

That a Sum, not exceeding Ninety Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Care and Maintenance of Sick Prisoners of War, for One Year, commencing the ill Day of January 1800.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Land For«s. That a Number of Land Forces, including Five Thousand Seven Hundred and Ninety-two Invalids, not exceeding Eighty Thousand Two Hundred and Seventy-five Effective Men, Commissioned and Non-commilBoned Officers included, be employed from the 25th Day of February 1800.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Guards and That a Sum, not exceeding Two Millions Three Hun- Girnft""' dred Thirty-seven Thousand One Hundred Fifty-nine Pounds Eight Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Eighty Thousand Two Hundred and Seventy-five Effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, " and other His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Jersey, Guam fey, and Alderney, including the Charge of the Pay of Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, with the additional Allowance to Subalterns, &rc. the Charge of Clothing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Change of Agency, and the Charge of Allow-aneds to be made to Captains and Riding Mailers, from the 25th Day of February 1800 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 303 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Force in the That a Sum, not exceeding Ond Million Four Thousand ^nlltl0IU> Four Hundred and Eighty Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, including those serving at Gibraltar, in Portugal, at , and

other Stations irt the Mediterranean, and at The Cape of Good Hope, and a Corps of Foot in New South Wales, including the Charge of the Pay of the Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, with the additional Allowance to Subalterns, &c. the Charge of Clothing of the Non-commifironed Officers strict Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains and Rid-lfig Mailers, from the 25th Day of February 1800 to she 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 303 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Difference w. That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-two Thousand Nine ,^7iMPay. Hundred and One Pounds and Nineteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Difference between the Brit ifh and Irish Pay of Six Regiments of Foot for Service Abroad, from the 25th Day of December 1799 to the 24th Day of December 1800, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Recruiting for That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-four Thousand Five Hundred and Fifty-eight Pounds Three Shillings D and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Four Troops of Dragoons, and Sixteen Companies of Foot, llationed in Great Britain, fot the Puipoie of recruiting the Regiments serving in East India, from the 25th Day of December 1799 to the 24th Day of December ifioo, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Resolved,

40 Geo. Ill *

i 3 Februa

79

fcecrmting and Contingencies for Land Fo es, &c«

General and Staff Officers &c.

Embodied Miiuia, &c»

Contingencies

fi&rIK *

Clothing for IK

Sapcmame-nry Officers.

Payimfter General, 3cc *

Subsistence paid to Innkeepers.

Allowance to Non-commissioned Officers,

Ucm

Reduced Officers of Laud Forces and Marines *

Resolved, That h is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five Hundred and Thirty Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty's Land Forces, and the Charge of Extra Feed for the Cavalry in Great as well in Barracks

as in Quarters, for the Year 1800.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Five Thousand and Fifty-four Pounds Seven Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey> for the Year 18$o.

Refotvedy That it is the Opinion, of this Committee That a Sum, not exceeding One Million Three Hundred and Six Thousand One Hundred and Twenty-one Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Embodied Militia of Great Britain, of the Royal Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon, of Two Regiments of lrijk Militia, and of several Corps of Fencible Infantry from the 25th Day of February 1800 to the 44th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 393 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,. That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Contingencies for the Embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry in Great Britain for the Year 1800.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred Twenty-seven Thousand and Sixty-one Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Two Pence, bp granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Clothing for the Embodied Militia of Great Britain, for the Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon, and for Two Regiments of Irish Militia on the British Establishment, for the Year 1800.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-six Thousand Two Hundred and Eighty Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, from the 25th £)ay of 1799

to the 24th Day of December 1800, both inclusive, being 365 Pays.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Five Thousand Seven. Hundred and Forty-seven Pounds: Three Shillings and Six pence, b? grapted to His Majesty, for the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Land Forces, to the Commissary General; of the Musters, to the Judge Advocate General, to the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, and for j the Amount of Exchequer Fees, to be paid by the Paymaster General for thp Year i8oq. ,.;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Forty Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, foy d®-. fraying the Charge of the increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on quartering Soldiers, . from the 25th Day of February 1800 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 303 Days, .

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Twenty. Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, in lieu of Small Beer, from the 25th Day of March 1800 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred Thirty-eight Thousand Nine Hundred and Seventy-nine Pounds Seven Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1800. Vol. 55.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Reduce That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty Pounds Twelve Hori Gu,n1 Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Allowances to One Private Gentleman of the Two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and to One Superannuated Gentleman of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year. 1800.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, officer kt fa That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand Pounds, be_ satoT" granted to His Majesty, on Account of several Officers General, late in the Sefvice of The States General, for the Year 1800.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Reduced d«-That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-two Thousand and Five Hundred Pounds, be granted to His. Majesty, upon Force . Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's British American Forces, for the Year 1800.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Suit, not exceeding Seven Thousand and Five Hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Allowances to rfeveral Reduced

Officers of His Majesty's Btiiijk American Forces, for the- ' '

Year 1806;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, CheifeaHof-That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred Forty-three I"1 1, Thousand Three Hundred and Ten Pounds Seven Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the In and Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hof pital, for the Year 1800.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Widow *

That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty Thousand Two Penfi, MU Hundred Thirty-one Pounds and Twelve Shillings, be g-anted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of-Officers of the Land Forces, and Expences attending die fame, for the Year 1800.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Volunte That a Silm, not exceeding Five Hundred and Seventy- CarP four Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Volunteer Corps of Cavalry and Infantry in Great Britain, for the Year 1800.'

Resolved, That it is > the Opinion of this Committee,' Birriek That a Sum, not exceeding Three Hundred Fifty-nine D Partm nu Thousand Three Hundred and Thirty-four Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, fot defraying the -Charge'of the Expences incurred, and expelled to be incurred, in the Bartack Mailer General's Department, from the a^th Day of February 1800 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 303 Days.

Resolved, That it h the Opinion of1 this Committee,' ToteigaCwp . That a Sum, not exceeding Four Hundred Seventy-one Thousand One Hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds Twelve Shillings and Three Pence, be granted tb His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Foreign Corps iit the Service of Great Britain, for the Year 1800.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Scotch Road , That a Sum, not exceeding Four Thousand Five Hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying = the Charge of the Works and Repaire of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, if of the Year >

l8©Or 1: : ' ' ' ' A > " 1 - "I .'> -

Resolved, That it is the Opinion-of this Committee, Ordnance. That a Sum, not exceeding One Million One Hundred and Twenty-seven Thoufhnd Nine Hundred and Sixty Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for Ten Months, from the ift Day of March to the 31st Day of December 1860.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of 'this Committee, D».

That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-three Thousand Six Hundred and Seventy-one Pounds Eleven Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in the Year 1798.

Resolved,

Ordnance.

Mutiny BflJ, ordered.

' Bill to continue Act for accepting Offer of Militia Regiments, passed.

Bill to continue Act for Punishment of Attempts to seduce Sea or Land Force passed.

Lift of Persons detained under Acts 38 and 19 Geo. III. preferred.

180 13° Februarii. A. 1800.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Eighty-four Thousand Three Hundred and Twenty-four Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services per-' formed by the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in the Year 1799.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Steele, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for empowering His Majesty, fora Time and to an Extent be limited, to accept the Services of such Parts of His Militia Forces " in this Kingdom as may voluntarily offer themselves. " to be employed in Irelandwas, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for empowering His Majesty, for a Time and to an " Extent to be limited, to accept the Services of such " Parts of His Militia Forces in this Kingdom,' as may! " voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in - land."

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Prevention " and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces, by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to in- cite them to Mutiny or Disobedience," was, according to Older, read the Third Time.

Revived, That the Bill do pass: Arid that the Title be. An Act for continuing, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to " seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces by Sea " or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny oeDisobedience." Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

A Lift of: the Persons now in Custody. in virtue of several Acts, made in the Thirty-eighth and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, under Warrants from his Grace the Duke of Portland, for High Treason, Suspicion of High Treason, and Treasonable Practices, with the Dates of their respective Commitments, and the Gaols in which they have been, and are now, confined.

And the Title of the said Lift was read. t And the said Lift was also read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon die Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered) and is as followeth; viz:

GEORGE R.

His Majesty is at present employed in concerting such Engagements with the Emperor of Germany, thie Elector of Bavaria, and other Powers of the Empire, as may

strengthen the Efforts of his Imperial Majesty, and materially conduce to the Advantage of the Common Cause in the Course of the ensuing Campaign; and His Majesty will give Directions that these Engagements, as soon as they shall have been completed and ratified, shall be laid before the House: But, in order to ensure the Benefit of this Co-operation at an early Period, His Majesty is desirous of authorizing His Minister to make provisionally such Advances as may be necessary, in the first Instance, for this Purpose; and His Majesty recommends it to the House to enable Him to make such Provision accordingly. G. R.

Ordered, That His Majesty's said raoft Gracious lyieflage be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Tierney presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen,

intituled, "An Act containing divers Orders for Arti-fleers. Labourers, Servants of Husbandry and Apprentices," as empowers Justices of the Peace to regulate the Wdges of Labourers in Husbandry: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Long presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account, shewing how the Monies raised by virtue of an Act of the last Session, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Three Millions for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned," have been disposed of and applied.

Mr. Long also presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

An Estimate of the Expences of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts at Home, for the Year 1800: And also.

An Estimate of the Expence of defraying the Charge of the Superintendance of Aliens, according to the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for the Year 1800: And also,

An Estimate of the Sum which may be necessary for the Relief of the Suffering Clergy and Laity of , Toulonefe, and Corsican Emigrants, certain Domingo Sufferers, and American Loyalists, for the Year 1800.

And the Titles of the said Account and Estimates were read.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

King's Mef-sage, respecting Advances to the Emperor of Germany flee.

Labourers Wage Bill, presented *

Account and Estimates, p relented. Application of Vote of Crc dit.

Convicts.

Aliens.

Emigrant *

flee.

4o Geo. III. 130 Februatii.

An ESTIMATE of the Expences of confining, maintaining stud employing Gonvidb at Home *

for the Year 1800.

On the River Thames:

230 Convicts, Average Number of the frudentia Hulk.

160 D° - - - Average Number of the Stanislaus Hulk *

390 Convicts, for 365 Days, at \^\d. per Day, is - - - 8,600 6 3

Salary to the Chaplain for One Year - - - - 100 — —

.Bounties and Clothing to the Convicts, whole Time will

expire in the Year 1800 - - - - 190 19 —

Coroner and Juries - ~ - - - - 20 — — '

Fees at the Secretary of State's Office on Pardons to

Convicts - - - - - 127 6

— 323 6 6

Fees on Receipt of £. 8,923. 12 j. <)d.

8,923 12 9 .

268 14 — "

..... — 2 6 $

In Langston and Portsmouth Harbours:

1,000 Convicts, from the iff January to the 31st of December

1800, both Days included, is 365 Days, at 14ft/. £. d.

per Day, is - - ‘ - - - 22,052 1 8

Contingent Expences for Salaries to Chaplains, Coroners Inquests, Bounties, and Clothing, to Convicts discharged at the Expiration of their several Sentences - 500 — — £. s. d.

- — 2,5 52 1 8

Fees on Receipt of22,552. is. Zd- - - - - 609 8 6

23,161 lo 2

32,353 16 s 1

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, February 13 th, 1800.

Charles Long.

aoe

An ESTIMATE of the Expence of defraying the Charge of tjhe Superintendance of Aliens, according to the Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for the Year 1800.

Superintendant of Aliens, Clerks, and Assistants -

Agents at the different Ports, with their extra Bills -

Office Keeper, Necessary Woman, and Two Messengers, at 6 s. per Diem -

House Rent, Taxes, Coals, and Candles ——

Stationary and Printing -

Expence of fending Aliens out of the Kingdom, including Messengers Bills Agents in London ——

Contingencies ——

£ 1,170 — — 6co — —

349 -

350 -

400 — —

2,500 -

700 — — 250 ——

Total Amount to be provided for the Year 1800

- £-

6,369 — —

Whitehall,

February 1800. J. King.

N. B. — The Estimate of this Year is £. 1,450. leis than the Estimate of last Year.

Vol. 55.

S A

An

iSa 130 — 140 Februarii. 1800.

An ESTIMATE of thf Sqm which may be necessary for the Relief of the Suffering Clergy and Laity of France, Toulonefe, and Corfcan Emigrants, certain Saint Domingo Sufferers, and American Loyalists, for the

Year 1800.

' . For French Clergy and Laity at present receiving Support, for the Year 1800, including Contingencies ——

Toulonefe and Corf can Emigrants ——

Allowances to certain Suffering Proprietors of the Island of Domingo - -

Pensions and Allowances to American Loyalists, at £. 9,000 per Quarter -

£. r. 183,208 5 r

22,290 ——

1.300 — — 36,000 ——

c-

42»798 5 1

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 13th February 1800. , Charles Long,

t

Ordered, That the said Account and Estimates do lie upon the Table, tq be perused by the Members of the House.

Bill to continue Habeas Corpus Suf-pension Act, ordered.

The House was moved, That an Act, made-in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for further continuing, until the First Day of March One " thousand Eight hundred, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as'Fffs' Majesty shall suspect are conspiring againstTiis Person." " and Government,'1 might be read.

- And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, the said Act j The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas

leuers for the leas, Mf Bux(on

Tellers for the Noes,

(Sir Francis Bur delt

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Douglas, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, ancf bring in the said Bill.

The. other Order of the Day- being read j BiAdefcru . Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-

ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue several Laws relating to the \ establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of

foundland ;to. the Admissiori of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose j to the authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade to The Cape of GordHope j and to the enabling His Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into this Kingdom in Neutral' Ships.

Bill to conti- Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, accord-mie Habeas ing to- Order, a Bill for further continuing, for a Time

pc°n?i'on Aa, to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parlia-

-frei'enied. ment, intituled, "An Act for further continuing, until

" the First Day of March One thousand Eight hundred, an Act, made.in the last Session of Parliament, " intituled, An Act to empower His Majesty to secure " and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect " are conspiring against His Person and Government and the same was received.

4

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General have Leave t make a Motion, it being afttA Seven of the Clock.

.And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Verier is y 140 di Februarii;

Anno 40° Georgii III1" Regis, 1800.

Pk AYERS.

MR. Sargent presented to the House, according to Orde!,'a Bill to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of hi-, hue Majesty, and the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads leading from the Village of , in the County of Surrey, through Petw. rth, to the Top of Dunckton

Hill, and from Pdworth to Stopham , in the County of Sussex; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved., That-the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon Tuesday last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council, of the City of , for themselves,

and on Behalf of the Community of the said City, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted that Notices may be given at the next adjourned or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Lanerk, and in Three Newspapers, to be printed or circulated in the said County, in the present Month of Februcry, or the Month of March next, of tire'Application to Parliament for the Purposes Hated in the said Report.

A Petition of the Mayor, Corporation, Feoffees, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of Qhehamplon,

in

Milford and Petworth Road , &c. Bill, presented *

Report on

Glasgow Police Petition, read, and Leave granted to give Notice *

Okehampton I aving Petition,

Hockliffc and Woburn Road Bill, prelected. *

Ratcliff High way Road Petition.

40 Geo. III. 140 Februarii. 183

in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Town and Borough ire very populous, and the Public Streets, Lanes, Ways, Paths, Passages, and Places, within the same, are not properly paved, cleansed, watered, lighted, or watched, and are subject to various Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and are also in many Places very narrow, incommodious, and dangerous for Passengers and Carriages; and that the paving, cleansing, watering, lighting, and watching, the said Streets and other Places (except such as are now under the Care and Management of any Turnpike Trull) in a proper Manner, removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and also widening and opening the Streets in some Places, and making new Streets and Passages where necessary, will be of great Benefit and Convenience to all Persons residing in, resorting to, or passing through, the said Town and Borough; and that it will be necessary to take down the present Court House, Market House, and Shambles, together with a Place called The Middle , and to lay the Space occupied by the said Buildings into the Streets, and to purchase a Piece of Ground in a more convenient Situation, for the Purpose of building a new Court House, Market House, and Shambles; and that it would likewise be of Public Utility if the present Bridges over the Rivers within the said Town and Borough were to be repaired, altered, and improved; and that, for accomplishing the Purposes aforesaid, avery considerable Sum of Money will be necessary, which it may be proper to raise out of the Estates and Revenues belonging to the said Town and Borough, and also by imr posing certain Tolls upon Horses and Carriages coming into and going out of the said Town and Borough, or by such other Means as the House (hallthink fit: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes before-mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shalt appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Rob [on,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next; at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Saint John presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts passed for amending the Highway between Hockliffeand in the County of Bedford, and for repairing the Road leading

through fVoburn to Tickford Bridge, in Newport in the County of Bucks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Trustees for executing Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for opening, making, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Ratcliff Highway, through Cannon-Street, in the County of Middlesex, into the Road leading into the County of Ef'ex, and also several other Roads therein mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees, appointed in of by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and have for that Purpose, from Time to Time, borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, and of the Vo l. 55.

Tolls thereby authorized to be taken, which Money still remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads properly maintained and improved, unless the Term of the said Acts is continued, some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and amended, and the Tolls increased: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of the said Acts, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- J.

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it^ shall appear to them, to the House: *

And it is referred to Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Byng, &c.:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Pollen presented to the House, according to Leominster Order, a Bill for more effectually repairing, widening,'R altering, and improving the Roads therein mentioned, p‘ ei,u leading from the Town of Leominster, in the County of Hereford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Penruddocke Wyndhamreported from ti e Commit- Southamntoa tee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors canar^aaon of the Southampton and Salisbury Canal, was referred: That uponed. the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, it not being intended to give Power for railing any further or additional Rates,

Tolls, or Duties, or for varying the Line of the Canal;

and that the Committee had examined the Matter of

the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read:

the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in

at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is »

as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town and County of the Town of Southampton to the City of New Sarum, in the County of V/ilts, with a Collateral Branch to Northern, within the Liberties of the Town of Southampton, was read:

Whereby it appears. That the Proprietors were authorized to raise and contribute among themselves, any Sum not exceeding Fifty-six Thousand Pounds, arid in case the same should be found insufficient for completing the said Canal, the said Company were authorized to raise any further Sum, not exceeding Thirty Thousand.

Pounds, Fifteen Thousand Pounds, Part thereof, by additional Shares, and the Residue at legal Interest, on the Credit of the said Canal, and the Tolls, Rates, and Duties by the said Act granted: And;

Mr. Thomas Ridding, being examined, said, That the Company of Proprietors have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have laid out the Whole of the said Line and Branch, and have cut a considerable Part thereof, but, from unforeseen Accidents and Expences, have expended the Whole of the said Sum of Fifty-six Thousand Pounds, without having completed the said Canal, and have endeavoured to raise the further Sum of Fifteen Thousand Pounds by additional Shares, without Effect, but that the Company are convinced they can procure the Whole of the said Thirty Thousand Pounds by Mortgage of the Tolls, Rates, and Duties of the said Canal, if they were empowered so to do; that, from the great Advance of Materials and Labour, the Company will have Occasion to borrow a further Sum of Money, over and above the said Sum of Thirty Thousand Pounds: And the Witness added, That in order to enable the Company effectually to complete and maintain the

184 14 Februari^ .//.iSoo,

said Canal, it will be necessary that the said Act should be altered and amended.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, to the City of Nezv in the County of Wilts: And that Mr. Petiruddocke ' Wyndham and Mr. Hufjey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

lnoofufe A Petition of Gerard Noel , Esquire, Lord of the Petition. several Manors of Exton and Cottefmore with Barrow, in the County of Rutland, and of Samuel Reeve, Esquire, and William Sijjou, Gentleman, and several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates in the Manors, Lordships, and Parishes of Exton and Cottefmore with Barrow aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manors, Lordships, or Parishes, certain Open Fields, Pastures, Wastes, and other Uninclosed Lands and Grounds, which might be greatly improved by being divided, inclosed, and allotted in Severalty to the several Persons interested, according to their respective Rights therein: And therefore praying, That Leave jnay be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, and for allowing Exchanges in the said Parishes, and in the Parishes of Greetham, Burnley, Empingham, and Langham adjoining, in order to extinguish certain intermixed Claims, and for the Convenience of several Proprietors respectively, in the fame, so far as relates to the said Inclosure, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Shaw Lefevre and Sir William do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Nottingham Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to Uon^rqwrted. w^otn the Petition of several Trustees for putting in 1 Execution Two Acts of Parliament, One made in the

Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty's Reign, and the other in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Chapel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham to Newhaven, and from the Four Lane Ends near Oakerthorpe to Ashbourn, and from the Cross Poll on WirksworthMoor to join the Road leading from

Chesterfield to Chapel-en-le-Friat or near in the County of Derby, and from Selfton to Annejley Woodhouse, in the County of Nottingham, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Alexander Foxcroft, being examined, said. That several Sums of Money have been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, and applied in repairing the same; and that the Money so borrowed still remains due, together with a considerable Arrear of Interest thereon; that the Term of the said Acts is nearly expiring-, and that the Money so borrowed and due as aforesaid cannot be paid off, or the Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term be further continued, the present Tolls increased, and some Amendments and Alterations made in the said Acts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging

the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Chapel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham to Newhaven, and from the Four Lane Ends near Oakerthorpe to Ashborne, and from the Cross Poll on Wirksworth Moor, to join the Road leading from Chesterfield to Chapel-en-le-Frith, at or near Longfton, in

the County of Derby, and from Selfton to Annejley Woodhouse, in the County of Nottingham: And that Mr. Pierrepont and Mr. Parker Coke, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying in- Denbigh to Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectu- emo" ally repairing the Road leading from the Town of Denbigh to the Town of Saint Asaph, and from thence to the Town and Port of Ruthland, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint, and for repealing an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as the same relates to the said Road; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby authorized to be collected, which Money still remains due, and cannot be paid off, and the said Road effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and some Alterations and Amendments made thereto: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the above-mentioned Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, Sir Thomas Mostyn, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Pwic Forest Peak Forest Canal, was presented to the House, and read; Ca,ul P«ia°n-Setting forth. That by an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from and out of the Canal Navigation from Mane heft er to or near

Ashton-under-Lyne, and Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, at the intended Aqueduct Bridge in Du-kinfield, in the County of Chester, to, or near to, Chapel Milton, in the County of Dei by, and a Communication, by Railways, or Stone Roads, from thence to

Loads-Knowl, within Peak Forest, in the said County of Derby, and a Branch from and out of the said intended Canal to Whaley Bridge, in the said County of Chester, certain Persons, and their Successors, were incorporated by the Name and Stile of The Company of Proprietors of the Peak Forest Canal, and were authorized and empowered to make, complete, and maintain, the said Canal, and other Works; and that the making of an Extension of the said Railway (which communicates with the Canal at or near Bugsworth, in the Parish of Glossop, in the County of Derby) from Loads-Knowl aforesaid, to, or near to, Buxton, and another Extension from -Knowl, to, or near to, a Place called Pit, with-

in Peak Forest aforesaid, and the making of another Railway, from the said Canal, at or near Whalcx Bridge, in the County of Chester, to, or near to, the Summit of the inclined Plane of the said present Railway, will be of great Public Utility, by opening a Communication with many large and extensive Tracts of Stone, and

other

40 Geo. III.

140 Februarii.

185

DrVr?

'cu

Petition from the Board of Agriculture *

other Minerals, which lie under, and near to, the Lines of the said proposed Railways, and be a Means of producing a considerable Increase of Trade upon the said Canal, Cut, and Railways, and of supplying the Public, to a great Extent, with the said Stone, and other Minerals, at an easy and cheap Rate; and that the Petitioners have, in proceeding to carry the said Act into Execution, found the Powers and Provisions thereof, in some Respects defective, and it is expedient that the same should be altered and amended: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling them to make the Two Extensions of Railway, and also the new Railway aforesaid, and for altering and amending the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the President and Members of the Board of Agriculture, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That His Majesty having been graciously pleased, in Consequence of an Address from the House, to constitute, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, a Board of Agriculture, for promoting the Internal Improvement of the Country, the Petitioners have much Satisfaction in acquainting the House, that the important Purposes intended by that Institution are carry-

rying on, and are likely to be attended with very beneficial Effects to the Public: And therefore praying,

That they may be supported by a farther Grant for the present Year.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Income and Expenditure of the Board cu°in^e°, oV.8" of Agriculture, for the Years 1797, 1798, and 1799. dend. '

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Total Amount of Debentures and Annuity Bonds issued, in the Name of his Imperial Ma- the Name of jesty, by his said Imperial Majesty's Bankers or Agents, toEimwor, resident in this Kingdom, for securing to the British 01 ere ‘ Government the Principal Sum of £.1,620,000, and the Interest and Annuity oji the said Loan, in pursuance of the Convention between His Brit Majesty and the Emperor of Germany, signed May 16th, 1797.

King's Message respectinj Advance to the Emperor &c. referred to Committee of Siipply.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration His Majesty's most Gracious Message of Yesterday, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Message into Consideration.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, That His Majesty's said most Gracious Message be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. EJicourt presented to the House, pursuant to Account of their Order, Board of Agri-

An Account of the Expenditure of the Grants.of fcn££'pre Parliament to the Board of Agriculture, for the Years 1797, 1798, and 1799.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Vo 1.55. $ B Ap

i86 14° Februariu ' A. "1800.

An ACCOUNT of the Expenditure of the Grants of parliament to the Board of Agriculture, for;

the Years 1797, 1798, and 1799.

CHARGE:

Caih received per King's Warrant, in Consequence of a Vote from the House of Commons, for the Years 1797, 1798, and 1799 - -

EXPENDITURE 1797 >

By Treasury and Exchequer Fees, on Receipt of the Grant »

By Miscellaneous Articles, Official Furniture, &c. - - - .

By Incidental Charges, Sutionary, &c. - -

By a Months Salaries to the Secretary, Under Secretary, First and Second . ClciLs, to March 1798 -

By Payment of printing the Surveys and other Papers circulated by the Board, and of the £ ngravings accompanying the same - -

By Expences on the General Report - -

By - D - - on the corrected Reports -

By Allowance for Contingencies, by the President, accounted for to the Board

EXPENDITURE 1798:

jC t.

By Exchequer and Treasury Fees - -

By Miscellaneous Articles, Implements, &c. &c.

By Incidental Charges, Stationary, &c. - - - .

By Rent, Taxes, the Porter, Coals, &c.

By Furniture ——

By 12 Months Salaries to March 1799 - - .

By Printing, Engraving, &c. -

By Expences on the corrected Reports and Draining Report By - D - attending the Manure Experiments -

EXPENDITURE 1799;

By Exchequer and Treasury Fees -By Miscellaneous Articles, Implements, &c.

By Incidental Charges and Stationary, to March 1799 By Taxes, the Porter, Coals, &c. &c.

By Furniture -

By I Years Salaries, to September 1799 - -

By Printing, Engraving, &c.

By Expences on corrected Reports -By Expences attending the General Bill of Inclosure

r - l83 1 9

w - . - 6 8

r - - 3i4 16 8

- - 861 i3 4

- - 1,202 18 10

- - 250 — —

# 144 8

r 84 16

- - 5 2 2

m - - 40 IO 9

- - - J35 2 7

- - 10 8 2

- - 435 — —

1,467 6 —

- - - 210 11 8

m - ' 475 — -

84 18 — 118 4 3

99 12 4

830 — —

I>179 9 —

35 ——

70 ——

100 — —

84 16 —

jf 4 *

9,000 — —

M 7 3 f

3> 474 i

3,co8 5 »

Winchilfea, Vice President,

9,000 ——

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Marine Mu- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

tinyBiO,or- Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while

on Shore: And that Mr. , the Lord Arden, Sir

Philip Stephens, Mr. Nepean, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Day appointed A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-for Second posed, That the Bill to explain and amend so much of

Labotlrers an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen

Wage Bill. Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act, containing divers Orders " for Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Husbandry, and Apprentices," as empowers Julies of the Peace to

regulate the Wages of Labourers in Husbandry, be read a Second Time upon Monday, the 28 th Day of April next.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Monday, the " 28th Day of April next," and inferring the Words " Tuesday, the 25 th Day of this Inllant in-

stead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words Monday, the 28th Day of April next," stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Tuesday, the 25th Day of this Instant February," be inserted instead thereof;

It passed in the Negative.

Another

40 Geo. III.

14" — ij°

187

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the car dine, or otherwise irtterested in the Road proposed td Question, by adding, after the Word " upon," the be made as after-mentioned, was presented to the Words " this Day Sevennight." House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road from

And the Question being put. That those Words be , by the Mount, or Slug Mouth, to Coble-

Committee on Expiring Laws

there added;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue several Laws relating to the establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland; to the Admission of certain Articles of Mer-

heugh, which palfes through the Parishes of FettereJJoe, Durris, and Banchory-Trini/v or Tinian, in the said County, being at present in bad Repair, and inconvenient to Travellers, the Proprietors and Occupiers of Land, in that Neighbourhood, as well as the Public in general, would be much benefited if a Road was opened, and made from or near the Harbour and Town of Stonehaven, through the said Parishes to Cob/eheugh, to pal# the Mount or Mouth South East of cross

the Burn of Shiach, at Blairydand that of quhillie, at Knappack, to join the Public Road about

reported.

chandize in Neutral Ships, and the Issuing of Orders in thence^ to pass Westward by the Lower

Council for that Purpose; to the authorizing His Ma- " " ~

jesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade to The Cape of Good Hope; and to the enabling His Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into this Kingdom in Neutral Ships, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mt Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleafie to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to., report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Supply, deferred.

Ways and Means, deferred.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Bridge, over the River Feugh, to the New Bridge, over the River Dee, inclusive, and Bridges built in the Line of such Road, across the Water of and the Barns

of Shiach and Tilliquhillie; the Di rest ion and Execution of the Roads and Bridges to be, as nearly as expedient, according to the Plans by Charles Abercrombie, the Surveyor, and thereafter the Road, these Bridges, ' and those over the Feugh and Dee before-mentioned, were kept in Repair, and if a Fund was provided for these Purposes, and Commissioners appointed to borrow Money, levy Tolls, or Duties, and the whole Powers which the Leg'stature usually commit to those entrusted with the Execution and Care of Turnpike Roads: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and repairing the said Road and Bridges, and for the other Purposes before-mentioned.

Ordered That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Stuart, Mr. Fordyce,

8cc: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir William Geary presented to the House, according Thamet and to Order, a Bill for making ^nd maintaining a Navi- ^swayCa"^ gable Canal from the River Thame's, near to the Town ,{,ieien of Gravesend, in the County of Kent, to the River Medway, at a Place called Nicholsons Ship Yard, in the Parish of Frindsbury, in the said County; and also a certain Collateral Cut from White Wall, in the said Parish, to the said River Medway: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Aberdeen Streets Bill, presented.

Kincardine Rorvds, Petition *

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Canal > Navigation from Mancliester to or near Ashton-, and Oldham, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act: passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal frojn Manchester to, -or near, and Oldham,

S I R John Stuart presented to the House, according in the County Palatine of was read: — Where-

to Order, a Bill for opening and making Two new by it appeared, That certain Persons were united into Streets in the City of Aberdeen: And the same was re- One Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of The ceived; and read the First Time. Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Man-

Rfolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. to, or near, and Oldham, and

' were authorized and empowered to make, complete, and

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, maintain the said Canal Navigation: — ft also appeared Heritors and Occupiers of Land, in the County of Kin-by another Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the V o l. 55. Reign

Mancheftef and Ashton under-Lyne CanalPetition, reported.

Luna, 170 Februarii;

Anno 40® Georgii IIItU Regis, 1800, Prayers.

188

170 Februarii. A. 1800.

Reign of His present Majesty, That the said Company were enabled to make certain Extensions of their Canal: — And it further appeared by another Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, That the said Company were authorized to raise, in the Manner therein mentioned, a certain Sum of Money to be applied in paying and discharging the Debts owing by the said Company of Proprietors, and such further Debts as they should coot rad in completing the said Canal Navigation; and other Powers were thereby given and granted to the said Company of Proprietors: — Then,

Mr. George Worthington, being examined, said, That the Petitioners have raised a Part only of the Money, by the said last mentioned Act authorized to be raised, in Manner therein mentioned, and it is found that the Remainder of the Money cannot be raised by the Means therein prescribed; that the Petitioners have, in proceeding to carry the said Act into Execution, found the Powers and Provisions thereof in other Respects defective, and it is expedient that the said Acts should be altered and amended, and feme of tire Tolls increased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending the several Acts passed for making, extending, finishing, and completing the Canal Navigation from Maucluffr to, or near, , and

and the several Cuts and other Works authorized to be made and done by the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal Navigation, and for granting to the said Company further and other Powers: And that Mr. Stanley and Mr. Blackbur of Lancashire do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

KxfwringlAws Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third jtiii, pa&d. Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) to continue several Laws relating to the establishing Courts of Judicature in the Istand o( Newfoundland', to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize, in Neutral Ships, and the Ifiuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose; to the authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade to The Cape of Good; and to the enabling His Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into this Kingdom in Neutral Ships, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

ReJ'o/ved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be. An Act to continue, until the First Day of March One thousand Jiight hundred and Three, an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland; and to continue, until the Expiration of Forty Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, several Laws relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the Issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose; to the authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade to The Cape of Good Hope; and to the enabling His Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into this Kingdom in Neutral Ships.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

rtnt Bridge Mr. Glanville reported from the Committee, to whom

Rosut Bill, re- the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two jwrwd. Acts, the one made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from Brent Bridge, in the County of Devon, to Gate, in or near the Borough of , in the said

County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House;

k

and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendmentswere Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Jodrell reported from the Committee, to whom YamronA

the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Have Commonalty, of the Borough of Great , in the tion ^eport'i

County of Norfolk, in Common Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts, passed in the Twelfth and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for clearing, depthen-ing, repairing, maintaining, and improving, tIre Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth, and for depthening and making more navigable the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven, and for preserving Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire, were read:

— And,

Mr. ElifhaDe Hague, being examined, laid, That the several Rates and Duties granted by the said full-mentioned Act, for the Purpose of clearing and depthening the said Haven, and maintaining and keeping in Re- '

pair the Piers and Jettee, and the Capfterns, Cables, and Ropes thereunto belonging, have been found inadequate for those Purposes, and the said Haven and Piers are fallen into Decay; and the said Piers and Jet-tee are in want of great Reparations, the Haven necesserily requires to be cleared and depthened; and if not speedily done, will endanger the total Loss of Part of the said Piers, whereby the Petitioners and the Public will be deprived of the Benefit of the said Haven and Piers, which is of great Importance to the Commerce of these Kingdoms, and particularly to the Inhabitants of the said Borough, the City of Norwich, and the ad- J

jacent Counties: — And the Witness further said, That 1

unless some additional Rates are granted, and further -p

Powers given for preserving the said Haven, Piers, and ;'H-

Jettee, by clearing and depthening the said Haven, and 'f

keeping the said Piers and Jettee in Repair, the same j

will loon fall into total Ruin; and that several Amend- j

ments and Alterations are necessary to be made in the ]

feid Acts: — Then,

Mr. John I Fat fen ,being examined, confirmed thft

above Evidence: — And,

Mr. John Drury, an Engineer, being also examined, , .

feid. That he had surveyed the Haven, Piers, and Works.

aforesaid, and confirmed the foregoing Evidence with re- Q

specl to the present bad State thereof; and further l'poke 1

as to the Practicability and Utility of improving the lame. 1

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for;

continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the ]

Powers, of Two Acts, one made in the Twelfth, and the other in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for clearing, depthening, repairing,;

maintaining, and improving, the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth, and for depthening and making more navigable the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven, and for preserving Ships wintering the re- i

in from Accidents by Fire, and also for Building a new Bridge over the Haven of Great YarmouthAnd that Mr. Jodrell and General Loftus do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Wol- Woiverhamp-verhampton, in the County of Stafford, was presented to '^'^Xpnce

the ei Previfumi'

Stnbwootf. See, tnclosure Petition.

New Compter and King!ton upon-Hull Debtors Petitions.

London Docks, See Petition.

40 Geo. III. 176 Februariu 189

the House, and read; Setting forth,' That the Inhabi- the said feverll Grievances might be removed, if good tants of that Town and its Neighbourhood are very and sufficient Wet Docks or Basons, and Cuts, with pro- much distressed by the present high Prices of Provisions, per Outlets, and other necessary Works, were made in which, though they proceed in some Degree from the convenient Situations near the said River, for the Relate unfavourable Seasons, the Petitioners do not conception and Discharge of Vessels, which would give Pro-ceive the apparent Scarcity of Flour is produced so much testion and Dispatch to Shipping, Accommodation to by that Caule as from the baneful Effects of Monopoly; Commerce, and Security to the Revenue; and that, for and that the lower Ranks of the Petitioners, from the carrying into Effect the Purposes aforesaid, it will be ne-Want of Trade, are unable to support themselves and cessary to purchase certain Lands, Buildings, and Pre-Families, and the higher Orders, from the calamitous misses, which cannot be done without the Aid and Au-Pressure of the Times, incapable of meeting those Wants . thority of Parliament; and that the Petitioners have to the Extent of their Willies: And therefore praying, caused Surveys, Plans, and Estimates, to be made of the That the House will immediately take into their moll several Works necessary to be done for providing Docks, serious Consideration the present Distresses of the Peti- Basons, and Cuts, and other Accommodations, as afore-tioners, and adopt such Regulations as shall seem bell said, and have raised a Subscription for carrying the calculated to afford them Redress, and enable them to same into Execution: And therefore praying. That Leave support their Families with Comfort, as they have here- may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the said Pur-tofore been accustomed to do. poses, by such Ways and Means, and under such Regu-

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the lations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Table. Ord, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are there- amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it unto subscribed, waspresented to the House, and read; shall appear to them, to the House:

Setting forth, That there are, within the Parish of Ro- And it is referred to Mr. Sir tVi/Ham

cester, and within the Township of Denfton, in the Pa Anderson, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn-rilhes of Rocester aforesaid and Alveton, in the County of ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber;

Stafford,a certain Common, or Parcel of Waste Ground, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Recalled Stubwood, and other Parcels of Common or Waste cords.

Ground, the Property of the Petitioners, and others,

which, in their present State, are incapable of any con- A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com- Thorpe tn-liderable Improvement; but if the same were divided, mons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Thorpe and specific Shares allotted to the several Owners and next Norwich, in the County of Norfolk, and in the Persons interested therein, according to their itspective County of the City of was read a Second

Rights and Interests, the same might be inclosed.and Time.

considerably improved: And therefore praying, That RefoThat the Bill be committed to Sir Martin Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and Browne Folkes, Mr. AJllcy, &c.: And they are to meet inclosing the said several Pieces or Parcels of Ground, in this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restric- Chamber, tions, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com- Langley ln-» suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord mons and Waste Grounds within the Parish Of Langley,

Granville Leveson Gower and Sir Edward Littleton do in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time. mn>1 *

prepare, and bring in, the fame. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Martin

Brozvne Folkes, Mr. Afiley, &c.: And they are to meet A Petition of the Debtors confined in the New Comp- this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, ill the Speaker's - ter, Giltfpur Street, in the City of London: And also, Chamber.

A Petition of the several Debtors confined in the Gaol in and for the Town and County of the Town of A B.ill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com- Cantley, See. Kingston-upon-Hull; mons and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Cant- Drainage »ii,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; ley and in the County of and for committed.

Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief, draining and preserving the fame, and also certain Marsh And the said Petitions were severally ordered Lands, within the said ‘ Parishes, was read a Second to lie upon the Table. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Martin A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Browne Folkes, Mr. AJlley, &c.: And they are to meet thereunto subscribed, being Merchants, and others, re- this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's tiding in or near the Cities of London and Westminster, Chamber, the Borough of Southwark, and Parts adjacent, in the

Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, was presented to the A Petition of John Ullett, Gentleman, Lord of the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by the great In- Manor of Barholm, in the County of Lincoln, Sir John crease of the Trade and Commerce of the Cities of Lon- Trollope, Baronet, and the several other Persons, whole don and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and Parts Names are thereunto subscribed, being all of them adjacent, the different legal Quays and Wharfs on the Owners of Estates in the Parish or Lordship of Barholm,

River Thames, and those uled by Sufferance as Wharfs and Hamlet of Stow, in the said Parish of Barholm, or and Quays, are found inadequate to the Accommoda,- one of them, was presented to the House, and read; tion of the Shipping (which has been in a State of In- Setting forth. That there are within the said Parish or crease during the last Hundred Years) and to the Pur- Lord ship of certain Open Fields, Failure, Waste,

poses of landing and shipping of Goods and Merchan- and othpr Uninclosed Lands and Grounds, and certain dizes; and from the crowded State of th® River, the Na- Intercommon Fields, belonging to the said Hamlet of vigation is much impeded, and many Inconveniences, StoiO and Parish of Barholm, which might be greatly im-Delays, and Accidents, as well as Losses and Damages, proved by being divided, inclosed, and allotted in Se are occasioned to the Trade and Commerce of the Port veraJty to the several Persons interested, according to of London-, and that, by reason of the increased Navi- their respective Rights therein: And therefore praying, gation of the said River, great Damages and Delays are That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Pur-> sustained by the Owners of, and Persons interested in, poses aforesaid, in such Manner,-and under such Regu-Ships and Vessels resorting to the said Port; and that lations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Vol. 55. 3 C Offered,

Witney, See. Roads Petition, reported.

Peak Forest Canal Petition, repeated *

ioo 17 Febru 1800.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Vyner and Sir Gilbert Heathcote do prepare,'and bring in, the fame.

Mr. John Fane reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the Counties of Oxford and -cester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Samuel Churchill, Junior, being examined, said, That the

Roads leading from the Turnpike Road in through Ramsden, Charlbury, Enftone, and Great to the Turnpike Road on SwerfordHeath, in the County of Oxford, and from the Turnpike Road from -flock to Birmingham, at the Direction Poll to Charlbury, through Charlbury to the Turnpike Road from Chipping Norton to Burford, at a certain Place called Downs, in the said County of Oxford, are very much out of Repair, and in many Parts narrow and incommodious; and that it would be a great Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of Public Utility, if the same were properly amended, widened, turned, altered, improved, and kept in Repair.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in Witnessto the Turnpike Road on Sw Heath, and also the Road leading from the Turnpike Road from Woodflock to Birmingham, through Charlbury, to the Turnpike Road from Chipping Norton to Burford, all in the County of Oxford: And that Mr. John Fane and Lord Charles Spencer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Clarke reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Peak Forest Canal, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition, so far as the Parties have procecdet} therein, is not within the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, it not being intended to give Power for railing any further or additional Rates, Tolls, or Duties, or for varying the Line of the Canal; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is-as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and " maintaining a Navigable Canal, from and out of the " Canal Navigation from Manchfler to or near Ashtonunder-Lyne, and Oldham, in the County Palatine of " Lancaster, at the intended Aqueduct Bridge in " field, in the County of Chester, to or near to Chapel " Milton, in the County of Derby; and a Communication by Railways, or Stone Roads, from thence to " Loads-Knowl, within Peak Forest, in the said County " of Derby, and a Branch from and out of the said intended Canal' to Whaley Bridge, in the said County " of Chester," was read: And,

Mr. George Worthington, being examined, said. That the Petitioners have, in proceeding to carry the said Act into Execution, found the Powers and Provisions thereof in some Respects defective, and it is expedient that the same should be altered and amended.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of William Clone, Esqufre, Lord of the Manor of East Horseley, in the County of Surrey, and also Owner of divers Lands and Tenements, Parcel thereof, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and Tenements within the said Manor, in respect whereof they have Right of Common for Cattle on the Commons or Waste Grounds, lying within the said Manor, w'as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are several large Commons or Waste Grounds, within the said Manor, Part of which lie in the Parish of East Horseley, and the Residue in the adjoining Parish of Ockham, on which Commons the Petitioners, and others. Owners of Lands and Tenements within the said Manor, claim Rights of Common for their Cattle; and that the said Pari (lies of East Horseley and Ockham extend about Five Miles in Length, from the North Side of the Parish of Ockham to the South Side of the Parish of East Horseley, and some of the said Commons or Waste Grounds lie on the North Side of the Parish of Ockham, some on the South Side of East Horseley, and One of the said Commons or Waste Grounds, called Common, lies in both the said Parishes, and Doubts have arilen as to the Boundaries of the said Two Parishes in the said Common, called T\\tLower Common, at or neara Place called Hur/l Hill; and that it would be more convenient, for the Usage of the Right of Common on the said Commons or Waste Grounds, thataDivifioncf the same should be made, so that those Persons who have Lands held of the said Manor lying in the Parish of East Horseley, and in the adjoining Parish of Effingham, may have the exclusive Use of those Parts of the said Commons or Waste Grounds which lie in the Parish of and

thofq who have Lands in the Parish of Ockham may have the exclusive Use of those Parts of the said Commons or Waste Grounds which lie in that Parish; and, for this Purpose, that the Bounds of the said Parishes of East Horseley and Ockham, in the said Common, called The Lower Common, should be ascertained, and that a Hedge or Fence should be ereeled across the said Lower Common, to separate the said Parishes of East Horseley and Ockham; and that a Boundary Line hath been accordingly drawn aerpfs the said Common, called The Lower Common, and the said William Currie hath, at his own Expence, erected a Boundary Hedge or Fence, and set up a Gate in the said Lower Common, with proper Polls, and is willing at all Times hereafter to keep the same in Repair; and that the Separation of the said Commons or Waste Grounds, and the Appropriation of certain Parts thereof exclusively to the several Tenants "of the Manor, having Lands in the different Parishes of East Horseley and Effingham, and Ockham, will be a mutual Benefit to the several Tenants of the Manor: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for separating the said Commons or Waste Grounds, and for settling the Rights of Common thereon, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Frederick and Lord William Befell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves, and others, being Owners and Proprietors of Estates, in the Western Division of the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Justices of the Peace, acting in pursuance, and under the Directions of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to enable the Justices of the Peace, acting for the Western Division of the County of Kent, to purchase a convenient Piece of . Ground for building a Gaol for the said County, and for empowering the said Justices to apply Part of the County Stock, of the said Division, towards the fame, 4 hav$

East Horseley and Ockham Division Petition *

Kens Gaol Petition *

Uh,

3^0;l4,

DrHrfv|

tin I

J

t

1

40 Geo. III. 170

191

Consideration of a CommitteeAnd that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William , Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

have purchased a convenient Piece of Ground, in the Parish of Maidstone, in the said County, and have built

thereon a large and commodious Gaol; and that the Money required for the Purchase of the Ground has been paid, and the Expences attending the building of the 'said Gaol have been discharged, out of the Surplus of the County Stock, then in the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Western Division of the said County, as in the said Act is ordered and directed; and that, by the said Act, the said Justices of the said Western Division, at their Quarter Sessions, are required to raise, within the said Western Division, sufficient Sums of Money, from Time to Time, for the Purpose of maintaining and repairing the said Gaol, by such Ways and Means as Money may be raised for repairing County Gaols; and that although the said Piece of Ground has been purchased, and the said Gaol has been built, maintained, and kept in Repair, at the Charges and Expences of the said Western Division, exclusively; and although the said Gaol is situate in the said Division, yet the said Gaol is not a Prison or Place of Confinement to the said Western Division solely and exclusively, being made use of as a Prison, or Place of Confinement, by the whole County at large; and the Petitioners conceive, that it is not confident, either with Equity or Justice, that the said Western Division should be burthened solely and exclusively, without the Participation of the rest of the said County, with the Charges and Expences of maintaining, repairing, and supporting, the said Gaol: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to alter and amend the said Act, 16 far as the same relates to the Maintenance, Repair, and Support, of the said Gaol.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Mr. Pierrepont presented to the House, according to Nottingham

Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Chapel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Newhaven, and from the Four Lane Ends near Oakerthorpe, to , and from the Cross Post on Wirkjworth Moor, to join the Road leading from Chesterfield to Chapel-en-le-Fritk, at or near Longfion, in the County of Derby, and from Session to Annefiey Woodhouse, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Alcock (from the Account of Treasury) attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at G',antl"°re- the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, fenud/ P An Account, shewing how the Money, given for the Service of the Year 1799, has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads; and the Parts remaining unfinished, with the estimated Surplus thereon. -And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

An ACCOUNT, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1799 has been Disposed ofj distinguished under the several Heads, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Estimated Suiplus thereon.

SERVICES.

NAVY:

For Wages of 120,000 Men, including 20,000 Marines, for £. .

Thirteen Months ----- - 2,886,coo — —

For Victualling the said 120,000 Men - - - D° - - 2.964,000 — —

For Wear and Tear of Ships — -D°- - - - 4,680,000 — —

For the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea

and Marine Officers, for the Year 1799 - - - 729,063 6 7

Towards Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships

of War in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1799 ----- - 693,750 — —

For the Expence of the Transport Service, and for maintaining Prisoners of War in Health, for the Year 1799 - 1,311,200 — —

ORDNANCE:

For Ordnance, Sea Service, for 120,000 Men, for the Year

1799 - -- 390,000 — —

For Ordnance, Land Service, for the Year 1799 - - 1,324 413 14 7

For Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land

Service, and not provided for, in 1797 - 81 969 17 4

For - - D° ----- by the Office of Ordnance for Sea

Service, and not provided for, in 1797 ... 56 218 11 II

For - - D3 ----- by the Office of Ordnance for Land

Service, and not provided for, in 1798 - 108,225 1 2

VOL. 55.

SUMS Voted or Granted. SUMS Paid. Remains to be Paid.

£ £ x. d. £ /. d.

13,264,013 6 7 12,624,005 3 8| 640,008 ioJ

j 1,960,827 j — >>363,400 — — ' 597,427 5 —

( Qcntmuid)

t

192

I75 Februarii.

A. 1800.

FORCES:

For defraying the Charge of 52 051 Effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain, Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney, and in Ireland; including the Pay of Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, with the additional Allowance to Subalterns, See.; the Charge of Clothing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains and Riding Mailers; from the 25th December 1798 to 24th December 1799, both indu- £ s. d.

five -.....i>977> 53 7 10

For maintaining the Forces in the Plantations, including those serving in Gibraltar, in Portugal, at The Cape of Good Hope, those on Special Service, and a Corps of Foot in New South Wales, including the Charge of the Pay of Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, with the additional Allowance to Subalterns, See.; the Charge of Clothing of the Non-commissioned Officers nd Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains and Riding Masters; — from the 25th December 1798 to 24th December 1799, both inclusive ----- - 861,653 10 J

For defraying the Charge of the Difference between the British and Irish Pay of Six Regiments of Foot, - for Service Abroad, from the 25th December 1798 to 24th December 1799, both inclusive ----- 42,901 19 —

For defraying the Charge of Four Troops of Dragoons and Twenty Companies of Foot, Rationed in Great Britain, for the Purpose of Recruiting the Regiments serving in East India, from the 25th December 1798 to 24th December 1799, both inclusive - - - 29,124 3 4

For defraying the Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies, for His Majesty's Land Forces, and for Extra Feed for the Cavalry in Great Britain, for the Year 1799 - - 185,000 — —

For defraying the Charge of General add Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey, for the Year 1799 - 114,144 5 5

For defraying the Charge of the Embodied Militia of Great Britain, of the Royal Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon, and of several Corps of Fencibie Infantry, from the 25th December 1798 to 24th December 1799, both inclusive - -

For defraying the Charge of Contingencies for the Embodied Militia of Great Britain, and for several Corps of Fencibie Infantry, for the Year 1799

For defraying the Charge of Clothing for the Embodied Militia of Great Britain, and for the Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon, for the Year 1799 For defraying the Charge of several Corps of Fencibie Cavalry, Irom the 25th Day of December 1798 to the 24th Day of December 1799, both inclusive -For defraying the Charge of Extra Feed for the several Corps of Fencibie Cavalry in Great Britain, for the Year

1799 ....

For, defraying the Charge of several Corps of Embodied Provisional Cavalry, from the 25th December 1798 to the 24th December 1799, b°cb inclusive For defraying the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, from the 25 th Day of December 1798 to the 24th December 1799, both inclusive - 41,741 16 —

For the Allowance to the Pay matter General of His Majesty's Land Forces, to the Comraissary General of the Mutters, to the Judge Advocate General, to the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, and for the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General, for the Year 1799 -For defraying the Charge of the increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on quartering Soldiers, for the Year 1799 -

Upon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's

Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1799 - - 163,979 7 1

For defraying the Charge of Allowances to One Private Gentleman of the Two Troops of Horse Guards Reduced, and One Superannuated Gentleman of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1799 - - - 201211

On Account of the several Officers late in the Service of

The States General, for the Year 1799 - 1,000 — —

Upon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's

British American Forces, for the Year 1799 - - - 52,500 — - —

For defraying the Charge of Allowances to several Reduced Officers of His Majesty's British American Forces, for the Year 1799 ~ - - - - 7,500 — —

For defraying the Charge of the In and Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital,^jpr the Year 1799 ----- - 142,688 11 3

For defraying the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the WU dows of Com mi (Boned Officers, and of Expences attending the lame, for the Year 1799- < - - - - 18,591 3 3

SUMS Voted or Granted.

d.

3,139,908 10 8

60,000 — —

- 79»93+ 2

+18,440 s 8

25,000 — —

- 109,151 3 8

SUMS

Paid.

- 123,006 13 3

- 220.000 ——

Remains to be Paid.

£ u

(Continued

46 Geo. III.

17

Pelt

uam.

93

For defraying the Charge of the Volunteer Corps of Cavalry f. /. </.

and Infaniry in Great Britain, for the Year 1793 - - 500,000 —

For defraying the Charge of the Expences cxpeded to be

incurred in the Barrack Matter General's Department, 1

for the Year 1799 -.....- 622,478 — —

for defraying the Charge of Foreign Corps in the Service

of Great Britain, for the Year 1799 - - - - I73»7SS 8 7

Towards further defraying the Extraordinary Services of

the Army, for the Year 1799 - - - 2>4o»854 17 3

£. 11,775,609 4 7

Deduct, remaining in the Hands of the Paymaster General of\ the Forces, out of the Sum granted by Parliament for defraying the Extraordinary Expences of the Army for the Year 1798, to be applied towards defraying the Extraordinary Expences for the Year 1779 .....34,145 2 9

'Towards enabling His Majesty to make good such Engagement with the Emperor of RujJJa as may be bett adapted to the Exigency of Affairs For defraying the Charge of the Civil Ettablfshment of the Province of Upper Canada in America, from the itt Day of January to 3 itt December 1799 For - - - - D° . - - - of Nova Scotia, from itt January to 3itt December

1799 - - -; ....

For New Brunswick, from 24th June 1799 10 24 h

Jtone 1800 - ....

For - - - - D® - - - - of the Island of Saint John in America, from itt January to 31st December 1799 For — - - D° — - -of Cape Breton in America, from 24th June 1799 tc 24th June 1800- ——

For - — - P° - - - of A '> ivfomidland in America, from itt April 1799 to itt April 1800 - -

For D° - - - of the Bahama THands in America, in Addition to the

Salaries, now paid to the Public Oihcers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the fame, from ill January to 31 tt December 79? ' ....

For ----- ----- -DJ---- of the Bermudas or Somers Islands, from 24th June

1799 to 24r^ June 1800 ——

For ---.Du---- of Dominica, from itt January to 3 itt December

1799 ‘ -

For - — - Du - — - of New South Wales, from loth Odcber 1798 to 10th October 1799 -

To be employed in repairing, maintaining, and supporting the British Forts7 and Settlements on the Coalt of Africa ——

fcor His Majesty's Secret Service Abroad, for the Year 1799 -

To be applied for the Relief of the Suffering Clergy and Laity of France, Touloneje Emigrants, and American Loyalists, for the Year 1799 (Part only of f. 226,000 granted) ——

To be advanced to the Governor and Company of the Merchants of England ' trading into the Levant Seas, to be applied in aflitting the said Company in carrying on their Trade ——

For defraying die Expence incurred for printing the Journals of the House of Commons,- of printing and delivering the Votes, and of printing Bills. Reports, and other Papers, by Order of the House of Commons, in the Year 1798, over and above the Sum granted by Parliament for those Services

For defraying the Charge of printing the Journals of the House of Common , of printing and delivering the Votes of the House of Commons, anJ of printing Dips, Reports, and other Papers, which have been or fiiail be printed by Order of the said house, for the Year 1799 " - .

For defraying the Charge of the Superintend.ance of Aliens, according to the Provittuns of the Atl passed in the lait Sdlion of Parliament, for the Year

799 ..... -

For discharging the Balance due on Account of the Expences of His Majesty's Mint, for the Year 1798 -

For defraying the Extraordinary Expences incurred for the Prof-cations relating to the Coin of this Kingdom in the Year 1797, over and above the Sum granted by Parliament for that Purpose - -

For defraying the Extraordinary Expences incurred for Prosecutions relating to the Coin of this Kingdom, in the Year 179S - -

For defraying the Expence incurred for confining, maintaining, and employing Convids at Home, in the Year 1790, over and above the eiliiaarcd Sum granted by Parliament for that bervice ——

For confining maintaining, and employing Convicts at Home, for the Year

799 ‘ ....

For the Board of Agriculture, for the Service of the Year 1709 -

To be applied in Support of an Institution called The Veterinary College, for the Year 1799 ——

For repairing the Farish Church of Saint Margaret, Westminster -To enable His Majesty to defray the Sums which the Com mi Honors, under the Seventh Article of the American Treaty, have awarded to be paid by the British Government, and the Expences attending the said Commission, to the 5th Day of April 1799 - - - - «.

Vo u 55.

SUMS Voted or Granted.

c

I. d.

SUMS

Paid.

r. d.

11,741,464 1 10 n,74:.464 1

825,000 — — 825,000 —

7>'$o — — 7.150 —

5'4»5 — — 5415 —

4,650 — — 4,650 —

1,900 — 1,900 —

1,840 — — . 11840 —

>4Sl 1 — 1

4 ico — — 4,100 —

580 - — 45 —

600 — — 5° —

6,ci6 — 6,016 5

20;000 — 20,000 —

1 50,000 — — " 150,000 —

224, CCa — — 219,064 6

5,000 — — -

2>773 5 1 2,773 15

8,000 — — _ 6,411 4

7=819 — - 6,cco -

25,307 6 1 25,307 6

284 7 6 284 7

1.607 9 4 1,607 9

7l 97 —

35=9^3 5 4 21.561 19

3,000 — — 3,000 —

1,5-0 — 1,500

6,721 5,coo

25.150 >4 4 4

Remains to be Paid.

r. i.

435

456

4=935 >3 9

5,000 —

i,;38 15 6 1,819 -

3011 ——

.3 X)

f C.ntinufJ

X94

170 Februarii.

A. 1800.

To be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the CommiiEbners for the Reduction of the National Debt....

To make good the Deficiency of the Consolidated Fund on 5th January and 5th July 1797 (Part of £. 699,043 n . id. granted) - -

To make good the Sums paid for Principal and Interest of certain Exchequer Bills, Part of the Vote of Credit of 1796# and charged on the Supplies 1797, and for which noProvifioa has been made by Parliament - -

To make good the Interest on Exchequer Bills fraised on the Credit of the Loan of £. 18,000,006, granted for the Service of the Vear 1797 -

To complete die Supplies granted for the Service of the Year 1797

To make good the Sums paid for Discounton Prompt Payments of the Loan md Lottery, granted For the Service of the Year 1798 -

To make good the Sams paid for Interest on Exchequer Bills granted for the Service of the Year 1798 . -

To discharge Bills to be drawn from ife w South Wales, for Provisions, Cattle, Stores, and other Necessaries, for the Uic of that Settlement, and which may become due in the Year 1799 - - - - *

To make good the Money paid to the Bank of England, for receiving Contributions to the Loan and Lottery, granted for the Service of the Year 1798 -

For the Payment of Interest due to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England> on sundry Exchequer Bills, the Principal whereof has been discharged, and for Advances on Bills of Exchange drawn on the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury....

To make good the Charges of preparing and drawing the Lottery, granted for the Service of the Year 1798 - -

To make good the like Sum, which has been issued by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addresses of the House of £. /. d.

Commons, and which has not been made good by Parliament .....9,337 5 6

To make good to His Majesty's Civil List, the like Sum paid out of the same for His Majesty's Secret Service Abroad, incurred in the Year ending 5m January 1799, over and 1 above the Sum granted in the last ScfCon of Parliament - 20 502 — —

To make good to D® - - - the like Sum issued to William Pollccky Esq; for Payment of Expences arisen horn the Execution of the Alien A Cl - - - - 2,4 50 7 4

To make good to D° - - - the like Sum issued to William Chinnery, Esq; for the Purchase of an Instrument for mea-furing Altitudes, &c. for the Commissioners appointed to ascertain the Situation of Saint Croix - - - - 97 9 —

To make good to D - the like Sum issued to sundry Officers of the House of Commons, for their Attendance on Committees of the said House ----- 909 13 6

To make good to D° - - - the like Sum issued to Joseph White, Esq; for the Purchase of the old Gaol of the County of Surrey, for the Purpose of converting the same into a Court and Prison for the Marshalsea - - - -4,214 12 —

To make good to D® - - - the like Sum issued to Mr. Henry Nettleship, Clerk of the Grocers Company, for his Allowance in making up and publishing ia The London Gazette Weekly Returns of the Average Price of Brown or Mufco-vado Sugar, pursuant to an Act of the 32d Year of His present Majesty, for Two Years, to 18th June 1798 - - 897 6 —

To make goed to D° - - - the like Sum issued to Joseph Baldwin, Esq; Deputy Clerk of the Crown in the Court of Chancery, as a Compensation for his Attendance in the House of Peers on the Trial of Warren Hafiings, Esq; - 261 15 6

To make good to D® ----- ---- the like Sum issued to Bernard

Cohht, Esq; for Additional Allowances to the Clerks, and Salaries to Additional Clerks, in the Office of the Commissioners for Auditing Public Accounts, from 5th July 1798 to 5th April 1799 - 2,762 15 —

To make good to D® - - - the like Sum issued to William Chinnery, Esq; for Disbursements on Account of the Settlement at New South Wales ----- - 529 12 —

To make good to D° - the like Sum issued for Expences of Alterations atvthe House of the Speaker of the House of Commons - -- -- - $49 16 i\

To make good toD® - - - the like Sum issued for Expences attending the Parliament Office - - - 4129 10

To make good to D® - - - the like Sum issued for the Purchase of Sir John Eden's House, for an Office of One of His Majesty's Secretaries of State - - - - 7^878 3 —

To make good to D® - - - the like Sum issued to pay the

Expences of the Police Office in Wapping - M37 6 6

To make good to D° - - - the like Sum issued to the Solicitor of the Mint, to enable him to defray the Extraordinary Expences of Prosecutions relating to the Coin of this Kingdom, in the Year 2 799 ----- 300 r-

SUMS Voted or Granted. SUMS Paid.

£. s. d. £ '

200,000 — — 200,000

698,893 11 2 698,893 it a

153,148 10 7 I5j,i4» 10 7

114.037 16 3| 114,037 16 3'

35,990 9 6 35,990 9 6

211,791 2 7 211,791 2 7

210,071 5 n| 210,071 5 nj

26,000 — — 20, COO — — »

14,698 9 2 15,698 9 2

465,759 16 Hi; 465.759 16 n *

12,200 12 200 — —

Remains to be Paid.

d.

(CojjiiamJJ

40 Geo. Ilf.

170 Februarii.

95

To make good to His Majesty's Civil List, the like Sam iffurd to the Rev. John Pridden, Thomas Evance, and Thomas Brodie, Esqrs; for completing the Indexes to the Rolls of £. s. d.

Parliament and to the Journals of the House of Lords - >955 "

To make good to D° ----- ----- -the like Sum issued to Samuel

Wyatt, J.hn Cary, and John Stock dale, for making a Survey of the Isle of Dogs, and several Plans and Estimates of the Docks and other Works, in consequence of Bills for forming Wet Docks at and improving the Port of London, and for executing Copper Plates of the Plans thereof - - - 411 3 9

To make good the like Sum which has been paid te John Farhill, Esq; Secretary to the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, fot Salaries to the Officers, and Incidental Expences of the said Commission -To make good the like Sum which has been paid to George Harrifin, Esq; for Incidental Expences attending the Execution of the Act for the Sale of the Land Tax ——

To make good the like Sam which has been paid to John Wilmot, Esq; for a Clerk employed on various Businesses and References relative to American Claims ——

To enable His Majesty to purchase the Collection of Natural History belonging to the late Dr. John Hunter, for the Use of the Public -To enable His Majesty to make good the Sums which may be awarded, under the Seventh Article of the Treaty with America, to be paid by the Brit I i Government ——

To enable His Majesty to make Indemnification to Earl Saint Vincent and Sir Charles Grey, late Commanders in Chief in the West Indies, on Account of Decrees against them in the High Court of Admiralty, for the Detention of American Ships at the Capture of Martinique and other Places in the West Indies -

To be paid to William AJbforth, Thomas Parry, Thomas Hodgson, as Executor of James Ricbdole, and Richard DickenJon, being the Amount of the First Payments on the Sum subscribed to the Loan of 7,500,000. for the Service of ,the Year 1796, by Robert Reeves, which became forfeited to the Public by his omitting to make the future Payments; and which First Payments were made out of the Money of the said William Ashforth, Thomas Parry, James Richdale, and Richard Dickenson ——

To be paid to Jeremy Bentham, Esq; for the Purchase of Ground for erecting a Penitentiary House for the Custody and Employment of Convids, and towards the Expence of erecting such Penitentiary House -To defray the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in Aorth Britain, for the Year 1799 -

To make good Deficiency of Grants for the Service of the Year 1798 To make good Deficiency of the Malt Duty," granted for the Service of the Year 1797, at Lady Day 1799 ——

To make good Deficiency of the Land Tax, granted for the Service of the Year 1797, at Michaelmas 1799 ——

To be paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them paid over to the several Proprietors of the fortunate I'ickets in the Lottery granted for the Service of the Year 1799 -

To pay off and discharge the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, M Au 4S Act for enabling His Majesty to rarfe the Sum of One Million, for the K Uses and Purposes therein mentioned" ——

To enable His Majesty to enter into such further Engagements, and to take such Measures as may be best adapted to the Exigency of Affairs. (Parc of £ 3,000,000. granted) - -

SUMS Voted or Granted. SUMS Paid. Remains to be Paid.

£' d. £ £ J *

55,2°; 13 2{ S5>2°7 3 1 4

1,731 16 — 1,731 16 —

600 — — 600 — —

121 11 6 121 11 6

15,000 — — 15,000 — —

60,000 - 60,060 —

35.000 ..... 35,000 - — >

4»a7S 6 " 4- 75 ,6 "

36,000 — — 12,000 — 24,000 —

4,000 519.888 11 4 a, 000 — — 519,888 11 4 2,000 — —

196,080 18 9^ 196,080 18 9

242,907 i7 3J - - - - ,42,507 17 3f

500.000 - - 500,000 — —

1,000,000 — — 1 1,000,000 — —

1,914,000 J 1,914,000 — —

35,065,47! 13 II j ! 32,93 ' 8l7 3 3i 1 2,133.654 10 8

PAYMENTS for other Services, not being Part of the Supplies granted for the Year.

To pay - . D® - on 3,000,000 in - D® per Ad 38 Geo . III. Cap. 8. ... 191,449 18 11

To pay - - D - on 3,500,000 in - D® - D° - , Do - Cap. 82. 106,51$ 9

To pay - r DO - on 1,000,000 in - D® - D« Do Cap. 90. 53 ,3 11 4 *

To pay . - D° - on 3,000,000 in - D® - D« . Do - Cap. 91. 46,027 7 11

To pay - D° - on 3,000,000 in - D® per Ad 39 Geo. III. Cap. ?8. 58,611 7 51

T0 pay -Do - on 1,500,000 in - D® - Do - Do - Cap. 33. - - - 11,820 10 1

To pay -Do - on 3,000,000 in - D® - Do - Do - Cap. 41. - 69,638 7 2

To pay -Do - on 3,000,000 in - D® - D# - Do - Cap. 71. Ml6 5 6

To the Bank of England, for receiving and paying Contributions to Loan £.3,000,000, per Act, 7

39 Geo. ILL Cap. 7, . - - 3

To - - D° - - for - - - D° ..... to

39 Geo. III.

To Discount to the Contributors for Prompt Payment to Loan £. 15,500,000 To the Bank of England, for receiving and paying Subscriptions to Lottery 1799 To - - D® - - for Discount on Prompt Payment to Lottery 1799

Loan £. 15,500,000 D° \ Cap. 60. - - J

For the Charges and Expences of preparing and drawing the said Lottery, and for taking in Tickets and making out Certificates in lieu thereof - -

To John Farhill\ Esq; Secretary to the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, for Salaries of the Officers and Incidental Expences of the said Commission -To the Officers of the Exchequer for extra Trouble in making out Exchequer Kills -

8

VOL.55.

d.

633.176 ij 6[

179 7 S 9

4,05 9 —

816,658 1 3$

(Cer.tinntdJ

196

170 Februa.

A. 1&06.

W AYS and MEANS for Answering the foregoing Services:

4#. per Lib. on Pensions, Offices, 8cc.

Duty on Malt continued A0 1799 ——

Loan, per Act 39 Gw. III. Cap. 7. ——

Surplus Consolidated Fund 5th April 1 99, per Act 39 Gw. III. Cap. 114. ——

Duties on Income, on Goods Exported and Imported, &c. per Acts 39 Gw. III. Cap. 13. and 39 Gw. III. Sess. 2. Cap. 11. and Exchequer Hills on the Credit thereof ——

By Lottery - . - (A.)

Part of Loan of £. 15,500,000, per Act 39 Gw. III. Cap. 60. and Exchequer Bills on the Credit thereof - - (B.)

By the future Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, and Exchequer Bills thereon - -

By Exchequer Bills (Vote of Credit 1799) being ^art of £ 3 000,000 authorised to be raised per Act 39 Gw. lit. Cap. 68.

' ' £

2,000,000

750,000

3»oooo, oco

521,890

10,000,000 ^03,541 12,500,000 3,229 000

1,914,000

16 7l

13 4

34,618,432 9 III:

(A.) £.203,541. 13 x. 4. </. Part of the above Sum of £.703,541.13/. raised by Lottery, is applicable to the Services of 1799; the remaining £. 500,000 being for Payment of the Prizes.

The SUMS under-mentioned were also Granted in 1799, but were not for the Services of the Yean

(B.) £ 3,000,000, Part of £. 1 5,500,000 raised per Act 39 Gw. III. Cap. 60. was for the Service of Inland.

£. 3,500,000 in Exchequer Bills, was raised per Act 39 Geo. III. Cap. 69. to pay off the like Sum in Exchequer Bills, per Act 38 Gw. Ilf. Cap. 82.

£. 3,000,000 in Exchequer Bills, was raised per Act 39 Gv. III. Cap. 70. to pay off the like Sum in Exchequer Bills, per Act 38 Gw. III. Cap. 91.

To satisfy the SUMS Unpaid, there remains in the Exchequer and to be raised, as fellows:

By the Produce of Duties on Income, applicable to Public Services 1799 £ 4>4^7 845,489 t. eL 18 6 6}

0 £ 869.957 5 4i

Sams remaining to be Paid ——

Payments for Services, not being Part of the Supplies granted for the Year -

Sums remaining in the Exchequer, and to be raised, applicable to the Payment of Services 1799

£. s. d.

- 816,658 1 3!

- 869957 $ 41

1

DEFICIENCY of Ways and Means 1799

£ j.

a, 133,654 10 *

1,686,615 6 7$

44"-°39 4 — i

JTA/ttW/.Treasury Chambers, 7 the 17th Day of February 1800. J

Aback.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Tiie Lords re. A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr.

quell a Copy Pepys:

of.Report re- Mr. Speaker:

specting the T 1 , .

Assizeof The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this

Bread, &c. House, That the Lords having under their Confederation what may be the most effectual Means of remedying the Inconveniences which may arise from the Deficiency of the last Crop of Grain, and taking Notice that this House had appointed a Committee to take the same Matter into Consideration, which Committee had made a Report, do request that this House will be pleased to communicate to their Lordships a Copy of the said Report.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will communicate a Copy noufe wtu of the said Report to their Lordships, by Messengers of irrul pi into! their own. ° topy *

And the MelTcngers were again called in; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

OO

Mr. Loup presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " Return to an Order of the Ho- Return to " nourable House of Commons, dated 14th ^nTcf X)^"

" 1800, for an Account of the Total Amount of De- bcntures, Src. " bentures and Annuity Bonds issued, in the Name of ‘‘p6' "

" his Imperial Majesty, by his said Imperial Majesty's " Bankers or Agents resident in this Kingdom, for lecuring to the British Government the Principal Sum of £. 1,620,000, and the Interest and Annuity on the said Lean, in pursuance of the Convention between

« His

Account of Disposition of Grants, to be priatedi

Temple Bar Improvement Petition *

Marine Mutiny EiJl, p»e-knted.

Mutiny Bill, jprtfented.

Proceedings on Ball India Judicature Act.

40 Geo. III. 17° Februarii.

" His Britannick Majesty and the Emperor of " many, signed May 16th, 1797."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

And the said Paper was also read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other . Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account, which was this Day presented to the House by Mr. Alcock, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use

of the Members of the House.

Thfc House being informed that one of the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That an Act waspaffed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London near Temple , for making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow

Hill, and for raising, on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, a Sum of Money for those Purposes ;and that another Act was passed, in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to explain, amend, and enlarge, the Powers of the before-mentioned Act , and that considerable Progress hath been made in the Execution of the Works directed by the said Two recited Acts, but it is found that the Money thereby authorized to be raised is insufficient to answer the several Purposes thereof; and that it is expedient the Land Tax charged on the Pre-mifies purchased, and to be purchased, for effecting the said Improvement, should be redeemed, and, in order to enable the Petitioners to effect such Redemption, and to fulfil the useful Intentions of the said Acts, it will be necessary that Power should be given them to raise a further Sum of Money, and that the Acts have been in some other Respects found defective, and require Explanation and Amendment: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to amend, explain, and render more effectual, the said Two recited Acts, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Curtis, The Lord Mayor of London,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Wallace presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore 2 And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Clerk had prepared, and laid upon the Table, a List of the Names of all the Members of thf House, who had delivered in Lifts in pursuance of the Directions of an Act,

Vol. 55.

passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accul^d of certain Offences committed in the East Indies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Committee resolve itself into a Committe of the whole House, to con- of SuPP y fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, th3t they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry to the Lords, a Copy of Reprinted Copy of the Report which was made from the {^Assize^of8 Committee appointed to consider of Means for rendering Bread, &c. to more effectual the Provisions of an Act, made in the be delivered to Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, eLor intituled, "An Act for better regulating the Attize and "making of Bread," and who were instructed to consider of the most effectual Means of remedying any Inconveniences which may arise from the Deficiency of the last Crop of Grain, in pursuance of their Lordships Request in their Message of this Day.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee appointed to consider of Means for rendering more effectual the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for better regulating the Assize and " making of Bread," and who were instructed to consider of the most effectual Means of remedying any Inconveniences which may arise from the Deficiency of the last Crop of Grain;

Ordered. That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Further Oon-fuleration of Report respecting the AiTite of Bread, &c. deferred.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Mean defer-consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply red‘ granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-, ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Bill to con-Tharfday last, for reading a Second Time, Tomorrow, tinue Habeas the Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, deferred.

" An Act for further continuing, until the First Day of " March One thousand Eight hundred, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as " H is Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against His " Person and Government," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

3 E Martis,

Brent Bridge Koid Bill) passed.

fclenwhelt, &c« Roads Petition.

ip8 i8°j Februarii.' . 1800.

MarttSf 18° fife Februarii;

Anno 40 Georgii III,a Regis, 1800. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, the one made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from Brent Bridge, in the County of von, to Gajking Gate, in or, near the Borough of Plymouth, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, one made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from Brent Bridge, in the County of Devon, to Gajking Gate, in or near the Borough of Plymouth, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Elford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, Trustees for executing an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from a Part of the Road (from Carlisle to Newcastle- upon-Tyne) near Glen-zvhe/t, to another Part of the Road ((o making from Carlijk to Newcastle) upon Shildon Common, in the County of Northumberland,^and for making more effec-

tual Provision for the Repair of the said Road, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Act, have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and have made great Progress in repairing and improving the said Road, and have, for that Purpose, continued at Interest leve-ral considerable Sums of Money, formerly borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken thereon, and have applied the said Tolls according to the Directions of the said Act; and that the said Money, so borrowed, and which is still due, cannot be repaid, nor the said Road properly and effectually improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered; and that it would be of great Public Utility, if the Termination of the said Road were altered for the Space of about Two Miles, at the West End thereof, and extended to Glenwheltaforesaid; and that the Road leading from or out of the said Turnpike Road at Cor bridge, in the said County of Northumberland, through East Field, to St ay-the-Voyage Burn, in the said County, would, if the same weFe continued thence through Newton, Newton Hall, Stelling, Acomb, Bear I Whittle, Horsley, IVylam, Hailing Hall, Houghton, and Heddon oh the Wall Grounds, to the Military

Road at Heddon on the Wall, be a ftiort and convenient Line of Road from Coy bridge to Heddon on the Wall aforesaid, in the Way to Newcastle-upon-Tyne; and that it would greatly facilitate the Communication of that Part of the Country, and be of great Public Utility, if the same were made a Turnpike, and included in the same Act with, and put under the Care and Management of the same Trustees as the said first-mentioned Road: And therefore praying. That Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in

such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Burdon, Nit: Grey, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for altering, repairing, and widening, the Road from Summerrods Bar, near the Town of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Alston, in the County of Cumberland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees, appointed in or by virtue of the said Act, have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and have made great Progress in repairing and improving the said Road, and have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken thereon, which Money, together with the said Tolls, has been duly applied, according to the Directions of the said Act; and that the said Money so borrowed, and which . is still due, cannot be repaid, nor the said Road properly and effectually improved and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Burdon, Mr. Grey, Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads leading from the Village of Milford, in the County of Surrey, through Petworth, to the Top of Dunckton Hill, and from Petworth to Stopham Bridge, in the County of Suf-sex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sargent, the Lord Sheffield, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of several of the Trustees under Two several Acts, One made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the High Road from the Borough of Ripon, by Ingram Bank, to the Town of Pateley Bridge, in the County of York, and the other made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for reviving and continuing the Term, and varying some of the Powers, of the said Act, and for making Compensation to the Trustees and Mortgagees under Two Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road from Wetherby to Graffington, in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees appointed to put the said Acts in Execution have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said

Road,

Hexham and Alfton Road Petition *

Milford and Petworth Roads, Stem Bill, committed.

Ripon Roads Petition.

40 Geo. III. i8° Februar 199

t

Road, which, with the Tolls, have been duly applied; and that the said Money so borrowed, with a considerable Arrear of Interest, still remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Road kept in good Repair, unless the said Acts are further continued, and some of the Powersthereof enlarged, and some Amendments and Alterations made thereto: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging some of the Powers, of the said Acts, for such Time, and in such Manper, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: I

And it is referred to Sir James Graham, Mr. Perceval, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

feprton The House was moved. That the Report which was ftak Forift Yesterday made from the Committee, to whom the Pe-„ uaJntoi' tition of the Company of Proprietors of the Peak Forest Canal, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed. Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred.

Hanber Navi- Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to gamm and whom the Petition of the Merchants, Underwriters, KiouPctiuon, Owners, and Mailers, of Ships of the Town of King ston-upon-HuU, and others, interested in the Shipping and Trade there, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, was referred j That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To - prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Francis Wood, being examined, said, That the Navigation of the River Humber, from the said Port of Hull to the Sea, owing to the many Sands and Shoals therein, is difficult and dangerous, and, by the unskil-fulness of Persons who take upon them to pilot the Ships failing into and out of the said River, several Ships and Vessels, with their Crews and Cargoes, have been unfortunately wrecked and loll; that in bad Weather, Ships trading to and from the said Port, and such as take Shelter in the said River, are frequently obliged to leave their Anchors and Cables in the said River; and, when such Stores are found, the said Persons acting as Pilots, and others, finding the fame, either clandestinely deprive the Owners thereof, or demand and exact extravagant Sums of Money for, and as the Salvage thereof; and that, by reason of the Lighters carrying for Hire, Sand or Gravel for ballalling of Ships, and other Purposes, not being weighed and marked, the Ship Owners, and others, are, in general, imposed upon, by being obliged to pay for much less Weight or Quantity of Ballall, and other Articles, than the real and true Weight or Quantity thereof; that if such Persons as are thought proper for the Employment of River Pilots, were required to undergo an Examination in a formal and regular Manner, before some competent Body or Authority, as to their Abilities -and other Qualifications for such a Charge, and all others restrained from acting as Pilots in the said River, and were the Rates of Pilotage specified and limited, the Government of Pilots, the Adjustment of Salvage, and the Regulation of Ballad Lighters, veiled in certain Commissioners, the same would be a Means of preserving many Lives and much Property, and of preventing the Frauds and Impositions above-mentioned, and would also be of general Utility to the Trade and Shipping of the said Port of Vot. 53.

Mr. Anthony Somerfcales and Mr. Charles Allison confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Appointment and Regulation of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels into and out of the Port of Kingston upon-Hull; and for ascertaining the Salvage for Anchors, Cables, and other Ships' Materials, found in the River Humber; and for the better ascertaining the Tonnage of Ballad Lighters employed at the said Port:

And that Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. , and

Mr. Samuel Thornton, do prepare, and bring in> the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are AIemomh lnd thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, Alnwick Road Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Petition‘ Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,' for repairing.and widening the Road from Alemouth, through the Town of Alnwick, to Rothbury, and from thence to the Town of Hexham, and also the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road, between Alnwick and »

to Jockey's Dike Bridge, in the County of Northumberland, and for making more effectual Provision for the Repair of the said Roads, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees, appointed 1 in or by virtue of the said Act, have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and have made great Progress in repairing and improving the said Roads, and have for that Purpose continued at Interest several considerable Sums of Money borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken thereon, and have applied the said Tolls according to the Directions of the said Act; and that the said Money so borrowed, and which is still due, cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads properly and effectually improved and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered; and that it would be of great Public Utility if the Termination of the said Road were altered at the South End thereof for the Space of about Half a Mile: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purpose6 aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Matthew White Ridley, Mr.

Grey, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Shelley In-thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Jj¥"re p Estates in the Township and Manor of Shelley, in the Parish of Kirkburton, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Township and Manor, several Open Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, containing Four Hundred Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present State, are of little Service or Value to the Persons interested therein; and that, if the same were divided into specific Shares, and allotted, a very considerable Benefit and Advantage would arise from the Improvement and Cultivation thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, to and amongst the several Persons interested therein, in such Parts, Shares, and Proportions, with such Powers, under such Restrictions, and in such Manner and Form, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Wilberforce

A, 1800-

200 18

1 Wilberforce and Mr. Henry do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Halifax and A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed for Sowerby the Care and Management of the Turnpike Road leading Petition. from Halifax, and from , in the County of York, by Todmorden, to Burnley and , in

the County of Lancajlerwas presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-third Year of tire Reign of his late Majesty, and the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Road is directed to be amended, and kept in Repair, and divers Tolls, Powers, and Authorities, are given and granted for those Purposes; and that the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money, which still remains due and owing, and the same cannot be repaid, neither can the interest thereof be regularly paid, or the said Road effectually amended, and kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be enlarged, and the Tolls thereby authorized to be collected, increased, and some further and other Powers and Authorities given, for the Purposes aforesaid: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Acts, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it . shall apj)car to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Henry

celles, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

HndJfnfield Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to tkn^rt'"rted w^om the Petition of the Huddersfield Canal Company was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, relati % -e to Navigation Bills, it not being intended to give Power for raising any further or additional Rates, Tolls, or Duties, or for varying the Line of the Canal; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from and out of the Canal of Sir John Ramsden, Baronet, at or near the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join and communicate with the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near Ashton-undand Oldham, at or near the Town of Ashton-under-Lyne aforesaid, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read: And,

Mr. George Worthington, being examined, laid, That the Company have, in proceeding to carry the said Act into Execution, found the Powers and Provisions thereof in some Respects defective: — And the Witness added. That it is expedient that the said Act should be altered and amended.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for enabling the Huddersfield Canal Company to finish and complete the Huddersfield Canal, and for amending the Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Huddersfield Canal: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry LaJ'celles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Proceeding The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Judk«ur»dl Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Act. for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons ac-

cufed of certain Offences committed in the East Indies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And the several Lifts, which had been before delivered in at the Table, in pursuance of the Directions of the said Act. by Members of this House, being laid upon the Table;

The said Lifts were, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, taken out of the Covers, and put together into a Box, by the Clerk, at the Table. 1

Ordered, That the said Lifts be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the fame, and report to the House, Tomorrow, the Name of every Member whose Name shall appear in Twenty, or more, of the said Lifts.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Bragge, Mr.

Sargent, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

A Petition of the Reverend John Hunt, Rector of the Welford i . Rectory and Parish Church of Welford, in the County of c.lofure Peti-Gloucester, and of William Baylies, William Jackson, John tIon‘

Fisher, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

Proprietors and Owners of, or otherwise interested in, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, Waste Grounds, and Places, within the Parish of We'fordaforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within that Part of the said Parish which lies in the County of Gloucester, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, Waste Grounds, and Places, and also certain old Inclosures; and that the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, and others, in the said Fields and Commonable Places, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation; are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the said Fields and Commonable Places were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Rights and interests therein, and if they were enabled to exchange all, or any Part, of their Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, already inclosed, or those intended so to be inclosed, for other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and also, if certain Lands and Rents were laid out in 'lieu of, and full Satisfaction for, all the Tythes belonging to the said Rectory: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Bragge and Mr. Perceval do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Cnmtibury the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ> electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament, for the City of Canterbury, in the room of George Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account or-count of the Public Funded Debt, as the same stood on ere ' the 1 ft of February 1800; — distinguishing by what Acts Fund,d

of Parliament the same is created, and in respect of what Sums raised or Bills funded, so far as the same can be ascertained; — distinguishing also the different Funds in which it is invested, the Capital Stock of each Fund, thw Annual Interest thereof, the Annual Interest of Annuities for Terms, the Charges of Management, the Annual Charge upon the Consolidated Fund, by an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, and the Annuity o(£.i. per Centum per Annum upon Capitals

created

40 Geo. III.

18° Februarii.

201

Debt.

created since the jth of January 1793; — clillinguishing atfo upon what Conditions, and at what Periods, the several Parts of the Public Debt are redeemable or determinable.

Redemption of Ordered', That there be laid before this House, an Ac-Public Funded count of the Progress made in th Redemption of the Public Funded Debt, to the ift of February 1800 distinguishing the Capitals of the several Funds existing prior to the 5th of January 1793, from those created Cnee that Period; and specifying, as to the Debt prior to 5th of January 1793, how much thereof has been redeemed by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt since the ill of July 1786, and at what Average Price of the Stocks, and for what , Sums of Money, and what Sums are now annually applicable to the Reduction thereof; — with the like Particulars as to the Debt created since the 5th of January 1793.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account of the Debt in Exchequer Bills, outstanding on

Bill to continue A# for" Fumlhrnent of Attempts to fed ce Sea or Land Forets.

Bill to conti nue Act for accepting Offers of Militia Regiments.

Account of Debt in Ex-

ebeprimed! he 5th Day of January 1800, distinguishing the different Heads, the Funds on which the same are chargeable, and the Sums remaining in the Exchequer to satisfy' the fame, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Committee on Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire £eewdV»ubliC n ° State of the Public Records of this Kingdom, pointed!>P and of such other Public Instruments, Rolls, Books, and Papers, as they shall think proper j and to report to the House the Nature and Condition thereof, together with what they shall judge fit to be done for the better Arrangement, Preservation, and more convenient Use of the fame.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Mr.

Perceval, the Mailer of the Rolls, Mr. Mr.

Attorney General, Mr. , Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Hawkins Browne, Sir William Scott, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, Mr Richardthe Lord Advocate, of Scotland, the Lord H, Mr. Charles Yorke, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Rose And they are to meet To-mor-row Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber} and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to adjourn, from Time to Time, and from Place to Place, and have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to Report, from Time to Time, to the House.

Ordered, That all Persons, authorized by the said . Committee, may freely search, and have View, in all Offices and Places where any of His Majesty's Records are kept, and have such Copies as they shall require, signed by every Officer, Clerk, or Keeper of the said Records, without any Charge or Fees therefore to be paid.

Th« Lord. A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr.

Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

Expiring Law. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue until the First Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Three, an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of -

land i and to continue until the Expiration of Forty Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, several Laws relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, apd the Wiling of Orders in Council for that Purpose j to the authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade to The Cape of Good Hope , and to the enabling His Majesty to permit Goods to be imported Vol. $5.

into this Kingdom in Neutral Ships; without any Amendment: And also, .

The Lords haye agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better " Prevention and Punifiirnent of Attempts to feduee " Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land " from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to " incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience;" without any Amendment: And also.

The L<5rds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for empowering His Majesty, for a Time and to an Extent to be " limited, to accept the Services of such Parts of His " Militia Forces in this Kingdom as may voluntarily " offer themselves to be employed in without any Amendment. \

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the ReportSupply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Advance to That a Sum, not exceeding Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Ma- er jesty to make such Advances as may be necessary for the Purpose of ensuring, at an early Period, the Benefit of a vigorous Co-operation against France, in Consequence of the Engagements which His Majesty is ebneerting with the Emperor of Germany, the Elector of,

and the other Powers of the Empire.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Marine Mutl-Forces while on Shore, was, according to Order, read a nJ Bill com-Second Time. mated.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read j

The House proceeded to take into further Considerat ion Report respea-the Report which was made from the Committee appointed >1 Bread, to consider of Means for rendering more effectual the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of deied. the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for better regulating the Assize and making of Bread," and who were instructed to consider of the most effectual Means of remedying any Inconveniences which may arise from the Deficiency of the last Crop of Grain:

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed. r . committed,

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said considered. Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John William Anderson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

3 F Sir

It ported.

BiH ordered.

Report respe 61-ing Bread, Coin, &c. to be hiither considered.

Magor and Clwrpdow Ro.ids Petition.

aoi 18° — 190 Februarii. A. 1800.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Com- and in the said County of

mittee, That he was directed by the Committee to make , also another Branch of Road to lead from and

a Motion, when the House will please to receive the out of the Turnpike Road between Abergavenny and

fame. Ragland, at or near a House known by the Sign of The

Ordered, That the Report be now received. in the Parish of in the said

Sir John William Anderson accordingly reported from the County of Monmouth, through the several Parishes of

Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to Lanarth, Penrose, and LantHlio to join another

move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Turnpike Road leading from Abergavenny to,

Bill to prohibit any Person or Persons from felling, or at or near the Public House, in the said Parish

offering for Sale, any Bread which has not been baked of Lantil/io Grojenny, commonly called The Fourteen for a certain Number of Hours. ' Mile Road, and likewise another Branch of Road to

And Sir John William Anderson moved the House ac- lead from and out of the present Turnpike Road at or

cordingly. near the Village of Govilon, in the Parish of

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to ultra, in the said County of Monmouth, to join

prohibit any Person or Persons from felling, or offering and communicate with a Turnpike Road lately made, for Sale, any Bread which has not been baked for a cer- leading from Merthyr in the County of Glamor-

tain Number of Hours: And that Sir John William An- towards the said Town of Abergavenny, and which derson and the Lord Hawkesbury do prepare, and bring laid last mentioned intended Branch of Road will pals in, the lame. into and through the several Parishes of Lanelly and

Sir John William Anderson also acquainted the House, Langattock in the said County of Brecon,

That he was directed by the Committee to move, that and also into and through the several Parishes of Lan-they may have Leave to (it again. ' wenarth, and in the said County

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- of Monmouth, are in a very ruinous Condition, incon-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, venient and dangerous to Travellers, and cannot be to consider further of the Report which was made from repaired, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course the Committee appointed to consider of Means for ren- of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave maybe dering more effectual the Provisions of an Act, made in given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restric jesty, intituled, "An Act for better regulating the Af- tions, as to the House shall seem meet.

* size and making of Bread," and who were instructed to Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consider of the moll effectual Means of remedying any Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-Inconveniences which may arise frdm the Deficiency of amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it the last Crop of Grain. shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Morgan, Sir Mor-

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow gan. See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, Morning, Ten of the Clock. at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber;

and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mercurii, 19 0 di Februarii;

Anno 40 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1800. Prayers.

A PETITION of several of the Commissioners for putting in Execution Two Acts, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Village of Magor to the Bridgefoot in the Town of Chepstow, in the County of Monmouth, and other Roads in the Counties of Monmouth and Gloucester, was presented to the House, and

read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded to put the said Acts into Execution, and have made a considerable Progress in amending and repairing the several Roads thereby directed to be repaired, and have borrowed several large Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads amended and kept in Repair, unless the Terms of the said Acts are continued, the Tolls increased, and other Powers and Authorities granted; and that the following Roads; (that is to say) a certain Branch of Road to lead from and out of the Turnpike Road between Monmouth and Abergavenny, at or near a Dwelling House belonging to, and now in the Occupation of, Elizabeth Adams, Widow, in the Parish of Lanvihanpel junta Ujk, to communicate with the Turnpike Road leading from Abergavenny to Pontpool, in the Parish of Goytrey, near to a Mansion House there, late in the Occupation of Paul Henry Macklin, Esquire, which laid last mentioned intended Road will pals into and through the said Parish of Lanvihangel junta Ujk, over a - Bridge across the River Ujk, called Lanvihangeljuxta Ujk Hridge, and through the several Parishes of Lanvair, Kil-

Mr. Charles Yorke reported from the Committee, to Mmey, Up. whom the Bill for altering, amending, and rendering ^l n^c‘ more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year report !. of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, u in the several Parishes of Money,

" Downbam, Witcham, and in a certain extra-parochial " Place in Byal Fen, within the IJof Ely, and County " of Cambridgewas committed j That the Committee

had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Cojifent to the Bill, to the Satisfactioa of the Committee, (except the Proprietors of 53 AcreS and One Rood of Land, who refused to lign the Bill; and also, the Proprietors of 200 Acres and 3 Roods, who were neuter; and also, the Proprietors of 251 Acres and 3 Roods, who could not be found; and that the Whole of the Lands belonging to Persons interested in the Drainage consists of 6,802 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Royal Afie t Black Rod: toBul‘-

Mr. Speaker, *

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate

40 Geo. III. 190 Febfud 203

diate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the " Fire, and also for building a new Bridge over the Ha-House of Peers, to hear the Commission read. " ven of Great ," might be read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker with the House, went up And the said Order being read accordingly; to the House of Peers. , That the said Order be discharged. '

And being returned; That the said Report be re-committed.

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the De- Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to lire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's the Committee to whom thd said Petition was referred.

Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal Mr. Manning reported from the Committee, to whom Lonjnn was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are: Dock?,

Assent to the several Public Bills therein mentioned; thereunto subscribed, being Merchants, and others, re- pjtej."' re' and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Tiding in or hear the Cities of London and Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His the Borough of Southwark, and Parts adjacent, in the Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, was referred; That Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the the Committee had examined, and found that the:

Duke of Cumberland; His Royal Highness the Duke of Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Bills, had been complied with (except lb far as the fame:

Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several are dispensed with by the Order of the House of the i ith Other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to Day of July in the last Session of Parliament); and that the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canter- the Committee had examined the Matter of the said bury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as and the Lord Steward of His Majesty's Household, it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the named also in the said Commission; did accordingly de- Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at dare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as which Bills are as followeth; viz. followeth; viz.

An Act for continuing, "until the Expiration of Six To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Captairt Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Thomas being examined, said. That he has

Parliament; an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year been Fifty-three Years at Sea, and from Thirty to Forty of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An a Commander'of Ships in different Trades: — That he is " Act for empowering His Majesty, for a Time and to well -acquainted with the Port of .< — And, being

* an Extent to be limited, to accept the Services of tasked, Whether, from the great Increase of the Trade and " such Parts of His Militia Forces in this Kingdom as Commerce of London, Westminster, and Southwark, and " may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in the Parts adjacent, the present legal Wharfs and Quays " Irelandon the River Thames, and those uled as legal Wharfs and

An Act for continuing, until the Expiration of Six Quays by Sufferance, have not been found inadequate to Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of the Accommodation of the Shipping coming thereto.

Parliament, an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year and to the Purpose of landing and shipping of Goods; of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An Wares, and Merchandizes thereat ? — He said, Very in- Act for the better Prevention and Punishment of At- adequate, particularly this present Year. — And, being " tempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's asked, Whether the Shipping lying in the Port of London " Forces by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Allegi- have not increased very considerably within the last One " ance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Hundred Years ? — He said, Very considerably. — And,

" Disobedience being asked, Whether many Inconveniences, Delays, and

An Act to continue, until the First Day of March Accidents, as well as Losses and Damages, have not been One thousand Eight hundred and Three, an Act, made occasioned to the Trade and Commerce of the Port of in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present London, from the crowded State of the River, and from Majesty, for establishing Courts of Judicature in the other Circumstances before-mentioned ? — He said, Cet-Island of Newjomdland; and to continue, until the tainly. — And being asked, Whether, from the very great Expiration of Forty Days after the Commencement of Increase of the Navigation of the River, many very the next Session of Parliament, several Laws relating heavy Damages and Delays have not been frequently fuf-to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in tained by the Owners of, and Persons interested in Ships Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council and Vessels resorting to the Port of London ? — He said) for that Purpose; to the authorizing His Majesty to Yes, many. — And being asked. Whether, if good and fuf-make Regulations respecting the Trade to The Cape of ficient Wet Docks or Basons and Cuts, with proper Out-Good Hope; and to the enabling His Majesty to permit lets, and other necessary Works, were made in convenient Goods to be imported into this Kingdom in Neutral Situations near the River, for receiving and discharging Ships. Vessels, the said several Grievances would not be re-

moved, Protection and Dispatch given to Shipping, Ac-OnJerof The House was moved. That the Report which, commodation to Commerce, and Security to the Re-

jmouih HaTen" upon Monday last, was made from the Committee, to venue? — He said, It would be a very great Service to the Ba|U, dir- whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, Trade, by affording Dispatch and Accommodation to the J

it£3 ‘artrend ant Commonalty, of the Borough of Great Yarmouth, in Shipping, and highly advantageous to the Revenue.

ommiued. the County of Norfolk, in Common Council assembled, Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for was referred, might be again read. making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works,

And the same was read accordingly. for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping,

The House was also moved, That the Order, made Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London: upon Monday last, " That Leave be given to bring in, And that Mr. Manning, Mr. Charles Yorke, and Mr.

" a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and en- Burdon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

" larging the Powers, of Two Acts, One made in the

" Twelfth, and the other in the Twenty-fifth Year of Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, to whom Loclcinglnthe Reign of His present Majesty, for clearing, depth- the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Moor, *

" ening, repairing, maintaining, and improving, the Commons, and Waste Lands, lying within the Manor and tepontd'

" Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth, and for depthen- Parish of Locking, in the County of Somerset, was coming and making more navigable the several Rivers mitted; That the Committee had examined, and found " emptying themselves into the said Haven, and for pre- that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills " serving Ships wintering therein from Accidents by of inclosure, had beetj complied with; and that the Vol. 55. Commiftc *

Tholthorpe, &c. Inclosure Petition.

Lincoln Heath and Peterborough Koids Petition reported *

204 10 0 Februarii.1800.

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ‘ ingrossed.

A Petition of several Proprietors of the Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, hereafter mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That within the several Townships of and Flawith, in the Parish of in the North Riding

of the County of York, there are certain Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which are computed to contain, in the Whole, about 1,570 Acres, and the lame, in their present Situation, are capable of very little Improvement, but if inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, a considerable Benefit would accrue to them: And therefore praying, That Leav® may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes above-mentioned, subject to such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Henry Lascelles and Mr. Wi do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Vynerreported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the East Side of Lincoln Heath to the City of , and from the East End of Mar ham Lane to the Town of Walton, in the County of and from the

Town of Bourn to the Town of and from Dmington High Bridge to the Cross Post in the Parish of Hacconby, and from the East End of a Lane,

called Hale Drove, to and through the Town of Old Sleaford, to the End of Long , in the Parish of Quarrington, in the County of was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And, Mr. Major Hart, being examined, said. That a considerable Progress hath been made in amending the said Roads, and a large Sum of Money hath been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, which still remains due That the said Debt cannot be paid off, and the said Roads effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Terms of the said Acts be 'continued, the Powers thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls thereby granted, increased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads Lading from the East Side ef Lincoln Heath to the City

of Peterborough, and from the East End of Mar ham

Lane to the Town of Walton, in the County of Northampton, and from the Town of Bourn to the Town of Coljlerworth, and from High Bridge

to the Cross Post in the Parish of Hacconby, and from the East End of a Lane, called Hale Drove, to and through the Town of Old Sleitford, to the End of Long Hedge, in the Parish of Quarrington, in the County of Lincoln: And that Mr. Vyner and Sir Gilbert Heathcote do prepare, and bring in, the fame. N

Mr. John Fane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road In Witnessto the Turnpike Road on Heath, and also the Road leading from the Turnpike Road from Woodstock to Birmingham, through Chari bury,

to the Turnpike Road from Chipping Norton to Burford, all in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Dickinson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Town of Ivelchester, in the County of Somerset; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for increasing the Tolls authorized to be taken on the Road leading from Sevenoaks Common to the Market House in Tunbridge Town, by an Act, passed , in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present M. .-jesty, for repairing the Road leading from Sevenoaks Common to Woodsgate, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's Cross,

in the County of Kent, and from Tunbridge WAls to Woodsgate aforesaid, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Colder Navigation at or near Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join the Canal of his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also certain Cuts from the said intended Canal, whereby the Petitioners were united into One Body Politic and Corporate by the Name of The Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal, and were authorized and empowered to make, complete, and maintain the said Navigation, together with the Works belonging thereto, in the said Act mentioned; and that the Petitioners were by the said Act authorized to raise and contribute among themselves a competent Sum of Money for making and completing the said Canal and Works, not exceeding the Sum of £.291,900, in case the same should be found sufficient, but if it should not, then the Petitioners were empowered to raise and contribute amongst themselves, or by the Admission of new Subscribers, any further Sum, not exceeding £. 100,000.; and if the Petitioners should be delirous

Witney, Set, Road bill preicuted

Ivelchcfte# Roads Bill, presented.

Sevenoaks, Src Roads Bili, reported.

RochdaV Cv-nal Petition.

40 Geo. Ill, ip°

of raising the said £. 100,000 by Mortgage of the said Undertaking, they were thereby empowered so to do; and that the Petitioners have proceeded in making and completing certain Parts of the said Navigation and "Works, and have not only expended therein so much of the said Sum of £.291,900 as they have been able to raise, but are indebted in considerable large Sums of Money for Lands marked and set out, or taken and lifed, for the said Navigation and Works, and for Goods, Utensils, and Implements, purchased for carrying on the said Undertaking; and that the Powers and Provisions in the said Act contained, for raising the said additional Sum of £. 100,000. are found defective and insufficient, and it is expedient that the same should be altered and amended; and that much more Expence hath been and will be necessarily incurred in completing and maintaining the said Undertaking than was estimated when the Hates of Tonnage granted by the said Act were fixed and settled, and therefore it is reasonable that they should be empowered to collect some additional Ra'tes of Tonnage towards anfivering such Expence; and that, since the passing of the said Act, on a Re-survey of the Country through which certain Parts of the said Canal not yet begun to be made are intended to pals, it hath been found that it would be more advantageous to the Petitioners, and also to all Persons who will have Occasion to use those Parts of the Navigation, that Two Variations should be made from the Line prescribed by the said Act; viz. instead of making the said Canal from, or nearly from, a Place or Point, called in the

Township of Cajlleton, according to the said Line, to Chadderton Brook, in the Township of , that

the same should be made in another Direction, from Gorells to Chadderton Brook aforesaid, through the several Townships of CastletonHopwood, and Chadderton, and also, instead of making the said Canal from a certain Place or Point near the Northerly Side of the House known by the Sign of The in the Township of Failf and now or late in the Occupation of Thomas , according to the said

Line, to, or near to, a certain other Place or Point, called Butler Lane, in the Township of , that

the same should be made in another Direction from near the said House, known by the Sign of The to, pr near to, Butler Lane aforesaid, through the le-veral Townships of FailJ'wNewton, and all in the said County Palatine of; and that

the Petitioners, in proceeding to carry the said Act into Execution, have found the Powers and-Provisions thereof in many Respects defective and insufficient, and it is necessary that the same should be altered and amended: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable them to make the said Variations in the Line of their Canal, and to alter and amend the said Act for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet *

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: .

And it is referred to Mr. Blackburne of Lancajkire, Mr. Stanley, he.And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.; .

eP°rt East Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

lnaia juuica- cornmjttee) who were appointed to-examine the several Lifts which had been delivered in at the Table, in pur-' fuance of the Directions of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in the , and for

other Purposes therein mentioned; That the Committee had examined the Lifts accordingly, and had directed VOL. 55.

Februarii. 205

him to report to the House the Name of every Mem- ' ber whose Name appeared in Twenty or more of the said Lifts; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table.

The House was moved, That the Clause in the said Act, directing that the Names of such Persons who should appear to hold, or to have held, any of the Offices or Employments therein specified, should be struck out of the said Report, by the Order of the House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Report was read; and is as followeth; viz. ' J

The Honourable Spencer Perceval, William Plumer,

Esquire, Charles Yorke, Esquire, Sir William Dolben, Baronet, Hans Sloane, Esquire, Sir William Heathcote, Baronet,

Henry Thornton, Esquire, Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury,

Baronet, Sir William Pidleney, Baronet, Thomas

Esquire, John Blackburne of Lanca, Esquire, Lord

Viscount Morpeth, Charles Shaw Lefevre, Esquire, the Lord Hervey, Sir William Young, Baronet, James

Esquire, the Right Honourable Thomas Grenville, the

Honourable Evelyn Pierrepont, Scrope Bernard, Esquire,

William Mitford, Esquire, Edward Wilbraham,

Esquire, William St urges, Esquire, Henry Bankes, Esquire, William Wilberforce, Esquire, Charles Abbot, Esquire, Lord Granville Leveson Gower, the Marquis of Wtircester, Richard Ellison, Esquire, John Simeon, Esquire, the Lord Huntingfield, Charles Bragge, Esquire, John Hiley Addington, Esquire, Edward Esquire,

John Agnew, Esquire, John Frere, Esquire, Edward Golding, Esquire, the Lord Lovaine, the Honourable Charles Marsham, the Honourable John Scott, Daniel

Parker Coke, Esquire.

And Notice being taken, that the Honourable Spencer Perceval, One of the Persons named in the said Report, holds the Office of One of His Majesty's Counfe^, learned in the Law, with a Salary to the said Office annexed; and that Edward Golding, Esquire, One other of the Persons named in the said Report, has held an Office or Employment in the Service of the East India.

Company in India; and that therefore the said Members were included within the Exceptions contained in the said Act;

The Names of the said Honourable Spencer Perceval and Edward Golding, Esquire, were struck out of the said Report.

The Lord Hawkesbury presented to the House, ac- Bread Bill, cording to Order, a Bill to prohibit any Person or Per- Preftnte<1 fons from felling, or offering for Sale, any Bread which has not been baked for a certain Number of Hours; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second "Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the -whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. '

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said canfidwc^. Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to re-, port, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Com-, reportt^. mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to re-pG port

Act for establishing an Agreement with the Bank, to be coiifider-ed.

Instruction#

Petition of Executors of Mr. AC well, ice, of Gre nada.

ao6

19° Februarii.

A. 1800.

port to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, u An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Banl^ of for advancing the Sum of Two Millions, towards the " Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand " Seven hundred and Eighty-one," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved ', That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of extending the Term of the Charter of the said Governor and Company, granted and confirmed by the said Act.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive and Consider any Proposal which shall be made to them from the Governor and Company of the Bank of , relative to a

Renewal of their Charter.

A Petition of the Executors of Charles de-

ceased, and William Johnstone, late of the Island of nada, Esquire, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That Charles Ashwell) in his Lifetime, and also the Petitioner William , possessed large

Estates in the Island of Grenada, in the West Indies, previous to the Rebellion and Insurrection which happened in the said Island, in the Year 1795, and they were great Sufferers in Consequence thereof; and that, amongst the Losses reported by the Committee appointed by the Council and Affertibly of the said Island, to estimate the Losses sustained by the Inhabitants thereof, the Losses of the said Charles Ashwell are stated at J. 47,000, and upwards; and those of the Petitioner, William , at

-jf, 14,000, and upwards; and that, in Consequence of the Losses so sustained, the said Charles Ashzvell, in his Lifetime, and also the Petitioner William John Jione, applied to the Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills, for the Relief of the Sufferers by the Insurrection and Rebellion in the said Island of Grenada, and upon such Application the said Charles Ashwell procured a Loan, upon competent Security, agreeably to the Directions of the Act passed for that Purpose, of £. 16,000, and the Petitioner, William John Jione, upon like Security, procured a Loan of £. io, qoo; and that the Estates of the said Charles Ashwell, and of the Petitioner William John Jione, have not hitherto been brought into a complete State of Cultivation, owing to the great Injury by them sustained, but the said Estates are expected to yield thisenfuing Crop an Average Crop; and that the said Charles AJiwell departed this Life in the Year 1798,

leaving Edward Charles Wkitehouse his Executor, who took upon himself to act in his Affairs, but who is also very lately deceased, and the other acting Executors re-fide in the West Indies; and that the Petitioner William John Jione had made Arrangements with the Merchants, to whom his Consignments were made, for the Payment of the present Instaknent, and, with a View to ensure the due Payment thereof, he fold, to One of the Partners of the House, Property, in the said Island of Grenada, to a much larger Amount than the whole Sum taken up

by him from the said Commissioners for Issue of Ex-

x

chequer Bills on Loan, pursuant to the Provisions of the said Act, but his said Correspondents have lately become Bankrupt; and that the Securities given, as well by the said Charles AJiwell as by the Petitioner William John Jione, are fully competent to answer for the said Loans, but inasmuch that, in case the Payment should be demanded of them, they would naturally seek to obtain an Extent against the Estate of the said Charles AJiwell, and of the Petitioner William John Jione, which would tend not only to the Ruin and Destruction of their Property, but also occasion much Alarm to Persons in the like Situation, and occasion a great Want of Confidence among the Persons, being Securities in like Cafes, the Executors . of the said Charles AJiwell, and the Petitioner John Jone, being unable to make Payment of the Instalment of the said Loan, hope the Hardlliip of their Cafe, from the great Losses they have sustained, may be taken into Consideration, and that the House will pass a Bill for granting further Time, until the Arrival of the next Crop from the said Hand of Grenada, for the Payment of the First Instalment on the said Loan, the Interest thereof, up to the 5th Day of January last, being paid in the mean Time.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of William McDowall, Esquire, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

An ingrossed Bill to prohibit any Person or Persons Bread Bill, from felling, or offering for Sale, any Bread which has Passed not been baked for a certain Number of Hours, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to prohibit, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, any Person or Persons from felling any Bread which shall not have been baked a certain Time.

Ordered, That the Lord Hawkesbury do carry the Bill, to t|ie Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Debate on posed, That this House will now resolve itself into a M°t,on for Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Expe- the CuUure^of diency of encouraging the Culture of Potatoes and Potatoes, &c. Pease; adjourned.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " now."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now " stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question, as amended, being again proposed.

That this House will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Expediency of encouraging the Culture of Potatoes and Pease;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Juejday-Morning next.

Ji. Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prohibit, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, any Person or Persons from felling any Bread which shall not have been baked a certain Time; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes until the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Eight hundred j to indemnify

Members

The Lords have agreed US Bread Bill *

Indemnity

Bill.

Bill to continue Habeas Corpus Suf-pension A&, committed.

Member! added to Committee respect. ing the AiTize of Bread.

Supply deferred.

40 Geo. III.

19 — ao° Februarii.

207

Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Bo- to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma-rough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to jesty. be stamped according to Law, or, having been {lamp- Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Ways and ed, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them until next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Eight to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply hundred to provide Admissions duly stamped; to per- granted to His Majesty. mit such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affi-

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Marin Mu-

Means, deferred.

davits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand Eight hundred; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for that Purpose until the First Day of September One thousand Eight hundred; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for further continuing, until " the First Day of March One thousand Eight hundred, " an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, inti-

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

yovisy 2C° die Februarii;

Anno 40 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1800.

Praters.

R. Morgan reported

M

<s-.. ._r~. from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Commis-

Migor and

Chepllowr Rjails Peti-

tuled, An Act to empower His Majesty to secure and sioners for putting in Execution Two Acts, made in the tj0Jn, reported.

detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are " conspiring against His Person and Government," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon the 15th Day of March, in the last Session of Parliament, was made from the Committee of Secrecy, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Village of Magor to the Bridgefoot in the Town of Chepstow, in the County of Monmouth, and other Roads in the Counties of Monmouth and Gloucester, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relativfe to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j

The House was moved. That an Act, passed in the and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards de

Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to empower His Majesty to secure " and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect " are conspiring against His Person and Government," anight be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

And the Question being put. That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for he }9S.

Tellers for the:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The laid Bill was accordingly read a Second Time Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

12,

livered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

William Powell, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Petitioners have proceeded to put the said Acts into Execution, and have made a considerable Progreft in amending and repairing the several Roads thereby directed to be repaired, and have borrowed several large Sums of Money, on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads amended and kept in Repair, unless the Terms of the said Acts are further continued, the Tolls increased, and other Powers and Authorities granted: — And the Witness added, That the several Branches of Roads, aS described in the Petition, are in a very ruinous Condition, inconvenient, and dangerous to Travellers, and

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to a Committee cannot be repaired, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary

of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, uporr the said Bill.

Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the Road from the Village of Magor, to the Bridgefoot in the Town of Chepstow, in the County of Monmouth, and several other Roads in the Counties of Monmouth, Gloucester, Hereford, and Brecon: And that Mr. Morgan, Sir

Charles Morgan, and General Rooke, do prepare, and

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Bur don, Mr. Shaw

Lefevre, Mr. EJlcourt, Mr. Wallace, Mr. Vansittart, Mr.

Frere, Mr. Bragge, Mr. Henry La feel!es. Sir Edmund Cra-

dock Hartopp, Mr. Gregor, Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire, bring in, the fame.

Mr. Elford, Mr. Strutt, Mr. Bankes, and Mr. Morritt, be

added to the Committee who are appointed to consider A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are of Means for rendering more effectual the Provisions of thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, and en«

Cawfton Divl-fion and Allotment Petition,

His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for better regulating the Assize and making of Bread."

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, V or. 55 *

titled to certain Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests, within the Parish of Cawftonfm the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, a certain Tract of Land called Cawston Warren, and divers Lands and Grounds called Common Fields, Half Year

or

2o8 20 ' Februarii. A. 1800.

or Shack Lands, Commons, Commonable Lands, and , His Royal Highness the Duke of the

Waste Grounds, which are subject to certain Rights of Lord Archbishop of , the Lord High Chan-

Sheepwajk and Common, and other Rights and Interests, cellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to de-and great Part thereof are inconveniently situated for the clare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and respective Owners and Proprietors; and that it would that the Lord Archbishop of , and the Lord

be advantageous to the Parties if the same were divided, High Chancellor of Great , and the Earl,

and specific Parts allotted to the several Persons inte- named also in the said Commission, did accordingly de-

rested therein, according to their respective Estates, clare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills:

Rights, and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave Which Bills are as followeth; viz. may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes afore- An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted said, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and House shall leem meet. to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. within the Time directed by Law, and for extending Judrell and Sir Martin Browne Folkes do prepare, and the Time limited for those Purposes until the Twenty-bring in, the lame. fifth Day of December One thousand Eight hundred;

to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corpora-Pigot'sLottery A Petition of Sir George Bigot, of Patjbull, in the tions, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been

Petition. County of Stafford, Baronet, in Behalf of himself and omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having

others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allow-

forth. That the late Lord Pigot, Governor of Fort Saint ing them until the Twenty-fifth Day of December One

George^brought over with him, when he returned from thousand Eight hundred to provide Admissions duly the British Settlement in India, a Diamond, which for stamped; to permit such Persons as have omitted to Weight, Lustre, and Beauty, has been esteemed by the make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures most skilful Judges of Diamonds to be equal in Value' to of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file any known Diamond in Europe-, and that upon the the same on or before the First Day of Michaelmas Term

Death of Lord Pigot this Diamond became the joint One thousand Eight hundred, and for indemnifying

Property of Sir Robert Pigot, the Petitioner's Father, of Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who

Admiral Pigot, and of his Sifter, Mrs. Margaret Fisher, have neglected to transmit Descriptions of then- Qualifi-and on the Death of Sir Robert Pigot, and Admiral Pigot, cations to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time di-the said Diamond became the joint Property of Sir retted by Law, and for extending the Time limited for George Pigot, Baronet, Mrs. Margaret Fisher, and Mrs. that Purpose until the First Day of September One thou-Frances Pigot, the late Admiral's Widow, and his Five land Eight hundred:

Children; and that, owing to the great Value of this An Act to prohibit, until the Expiration of Six Diamond no Individual has been enabled to puvehafe it. Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of although offered for Sale much under its estimated^Value, Parliament, any Person or Persons from felling any Co that the Petitioner and his Family have, on account Bread which shall not have been baked a certain Time, of such Inability to sell the same, loft all the Benefit that they might have derived 4rom such Diamond, had they Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, accord- Humber R-6cen able to have fold the fame; and that the said ing to Order, a Bill for the Appointment and Regula-Diamond has been offered for Sale for the Space of tion of Pilots for the condutting of Ships and Vessels p Thirty-six Years, nor has the Petitioner any Prospett of into and out of the Port of; and

felling and disposing of the fame, except by Way of for ascertaining the Salvage for Anchors and Cables and Lottery or Chance: And therefore praying. That Leave other Ships' Materials found in the River Humberand may be given to bring in a Bill to enable him to dispose for the better ascertaining the Tonnage of Ballast of the said Diamond by Way of Lottery or Chance, Lighters employed at the said Port: And the same was without being liable or subject to any Penalty or For. received; and read the First Time, feiture imposed by Att of Parliament against Sales by That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Way of Lottery, by such Ways and Means, and under

such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of seem meet. the Borough of Berwick-upon-Tweed, and of the several ,ns et,t,on *

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inha-Table. bitants of the said Borough, and of the Street'of

within the Liberties thereof, -was presented to the Koval Assent A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Ulher House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Borough to Bill . tjjC rocj . is very large and populous, and a Place of great Resort,

Mr. Speaker, and has, within thele few Years, much increased in Pch

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's pulation, and in its Number of Buildings; and that the Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Streets of the said Borough, and the Street of Cajllegate Atts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the imme- aforesaid, and the Quays or Wharfs belonging to the diate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the said Borough, and that Part of the Bridge over the House of Peers, to hear the Commission i£ad. River which is within the Liberties of the said

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up Borough, are at present very ill-lighted, and the Foot-to the House of Peers. paths of the Streets of the said Borough, and the Street

And being returned; of aforesaid, are in bad Repair, and ill-paved,

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire and subject to many Obstructions, Nuisances, and An-of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's „noyances, and it will be of great Benefit, Safety, and Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Convenience, to the Inhabitants of the said Borough,

Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was and of aforesaid, and to all Persons resorting

read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent thereto, if the same were well lighted, and the Footpaths to the several Public Bills therein mentioned; and also of the Streets of the said Borough, and of the said Street empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, of Cajllegate, were well flagged or paved, and if all Ob-

His Royal Highness the Duke' of York, His Royal struttions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, in the said Bo-Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Rqyal Highness the rough, and in Cajllegate aforesaid, and on the said Quays Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cum or Wharfs, and on that Part of the said Bridge before-

mentioned, m

Fiftterton Debtor Petition.

Peak Forest Canal re-committedPetilion, icpomd.

Yarmouth Haven re-committed Petition, reported.

40 Geo. III. 200 Februarii. 209'

mentioned, were prevented for the future: And there- ders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, and fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bills for building Bridges (to which Subjects, the several Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, by such Acts referred to in the said Petition extend) had not Ways and Means, and with such Powers and Authori- been complied with, it not being intended to proceed on ties, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall any Matter contained in the said Acts, except so far as seem meet. the same relate to the clearing, depthening, repairing.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the maintaining, and improving, the Haven and Piers of Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- Great Yarmouth; and that the Committee had also exmine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it amined the Matter of the said Petition, and had direct-shall appear to them, to the House: ed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to

And it is referred to Sir John Callander, Mr. Vanftttart, the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records. To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two

' Acts, passed in the Twelfth and Twenty-fifth Years of

A Petition of the Debtors confined in the County the Reign of His present Majesty, for.clearing, depthen-Gaol of Fisherton Anger, in and for the County of Wilts, ing, repairing, maintaining, and improving, the Haven was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of and Piers of Great Yarmouth, and for depthening and their Distress, and praying Relief. making more navigable the several Rivers emptying

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the themselves into the said Haven, and for preserving Ships Table. wintering therein from Accidents by Fire, were read:

And,

Mr. Clarke reported from the Committee, to whom Mr. Elijha De Hague, being examined, said, That the the Report was re-committed which was made from the several Rates and Duties granted by the said first-men-Committee to whom the Petition of the Company of tioned Act, for the Purpose of clearing and depthening Proprietors of the Peak Forest Canal was referred; That the said Haven, and maintaining and keeping in Rer the Committee had further examined, and found that pair the Piers and Jettee, and the Caplterns, Cables, the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for and Ropes thereunto belonging, have been found inmaking Railways or Dram Roads, had not been com- adequate for those Purposes; and the said Haven and plied with; but that it is not the Intention of the Par- Piers are fallen into Decay, and the said Piers and Jettee ties to proceed upon that Part of the Petition which re- are in want of great Reparations, the Haven necessarily lates to the said Railways or Dram Roads; and that requires to be cleared and depthened ;. and if not the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of they speedily done, will endanger the total Loss of Part of House, relative to Navigation Bills, it not being intend- the said Piers, whereby the Petitioners and the Public ed to give Power for railing any further or additional will be deprived of the Benefit of the said Haven and Rates, Tolls, or Duties, or for varying the Line of the Piers, which is of great Importance to the Commerce Canal; and that the Committee had examined the Mat- of these Kingdoms, and particularly tcv the Inhabitants ter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report of the said Borough, the City of Norwich, and the the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and adjacent Counties: — And the Witness further said, he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards deliver- That unless some additional Rates are granted, and fur-ed it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; ther Powers given, for preserving the said Haven, Piers, and is as followeth; viz. and Jettee, by clearing and depthening the said Haven,

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, and keeping the said Piers and Jett.ee in Repair, the passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His same will loon fall into total Ruin; and that several present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and Amendments and Alterations are necessary to be made " maintaining a Navigable Canal from and out of the in the said Acts: — Then,

" Canal Navigation from Manchester, to or near Ashton- Mr. John Watson, being examined, confirmed the " under-Lyne, and Oldham, in the County Palatine of above Evidence: - — And,

" Lancaster, at the intended Aqueduct Bridge in Du- Mr. John an Engineer, being also examined,

" kinfield, in the County of Chester, to, or near to, said, That he had surveyed the Haven, Piers, and . Chapel Milton, in the County of Derby, and a Com- Works aforesaid, and confirmed the foregoing Evidence, " munication by Railways or Stone Roads from thence . with respect to the present bad State thereof, and furto Loads-Knowl, within Peak Forest, in the said Coun- ther spoke as to the Pradlicability and Utility of improvty of Derby, and a Branch from and out of the said ing the fame.

" intended Canal to Whaley Bridge, in the said County That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

" of Chester," was read: And, continuing the Term of Two Acts, One made in the

Mr. George Worthington, being examined, said. That Twelfth and the other in the Twenty-fifth Year of the the Petitioners have,' in proceeding to carry the said Act Reign of His present Majesty, for clearing,- depthening, into Execution, found the Powers and Provisions there- repairing, maintaining, and improving, the Haven and of in some Respects defective, and it is expedient that Piers of Great Yarmouth-, and for depthening and makr the same should be altered and amended. ing more navigable the several Rivers emptying the m-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for selves into the said Haven, and prelcrving Ships winter-altering and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty- ing therein from Accidents by Fire; and also for build-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for ing a new Bridge over the Haven of Great;

making and maintaining the Peak Forest Canal, and for and for altering and enlarging the Powers thereof, so far granting to the Company of Proprietors of the said Ca- as the same relate to the said Haven and Piers: And that nal further and other Powers: And that Mr. Clarke and Mr. Jodrell and Sir Martin Browne Folkes do prepare, Mr. Patten do prepare, and bring in, the fame. and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Jodrell reported from the Committee, to whom A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are the Report was re-committed which was made from the thereunder subscribed, being Trullees appointed under Committee to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Alder- or by virtue of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year men, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the Borough of of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Se-Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, in Common cond, for repairing and widening the Road from the Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee Half-way House, in the Parish of Lower Compton, in had further examined, and found that the Standing Or- the County of Dorset, through the Towns of Yeovil,

Vol. 55. 3 H Crew ken

Lower Comp-

toiTand Yr# o-vil, See. RjaUt Petition.

210

2q° Febfu

Crewkerne, and Chord, to the East End of the Town

of Axminster, in the County of and several other

Roads round the said Town of Yeovil, in the County of Somerset, and also of an Act, made and passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers contained in the above-mentioned Act, and for amending Two Roads leading from Vagg Hollow, in the Parish of Yeovil, and the

Road from Chard to Cheeseway-ash, and from Down to Perry Street, in Chard, and from thence to the Turnpike Road near Tyth Inn, in the County of Dorset: and also of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth

Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair several Roads leading from the Town of T,aunt on, in the County of Somerset, and for repealing Two Acts, one of the Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty, and the other of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, relating to the said Roads, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads adjoining thereto, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees, appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, for the Districts aforesaid, have respectively proceeded to put the same into Execution, and made great Progress in repairing and improving the said Roads; and have, for that Purpose, borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls, which have been duly applied, according to the Directions of the said Acts; and that the Money so borrowed cannot be re-paid, nor the said Roads be properly repaired and maintained, unless a new Term be granted,'and other and further Powers given, to the said Trustees; and that it would be a great Convenience to the Trustees for the Care of the said respective Roads, if the said Two first-recited Acts were repealed, and all the Powers and Authorities necessary to be granted or continued for repairing the said Roads, and paying the Money so due, were contained in One Act; and it would be of Public Utility, if the said Trustees were authorized to discontinue the Road from a Place called in

the Parish of West Coker, in the said County of,

through the said Parish of West and the Parish

of Odcombe, in the said County of Somerset, by Pye Corner, to the Bottom of Ch Hill, in the Parish of

1800.

East Chinnock, in the said County, and Powers given for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, a new Branch of Road, leading from the said Place, called Cut-hedge, through the said Parish of West Coker, and the Village of West Coker aforesaid, to the said Bottom of Chinnock Hill-, and if the said Trustees were authorized to discontinue the Road from a Place, called Street Ashe Lane, over Brown Down, by Holmen Clavel,

to the Direction Post in Widcbmbe Moor, and for the amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, a new Branch of Road from Street Ashe Lane aforesaid, through the several Parishes of Combe Saint Nicholas,

Saint Mary, Curiand, and Slaplefitzpain, in the said County of Somerset, to the Taunton Turnpike Road at a Place called Staple Pouttd, in the said Parish of -fttzpain, as the said Two new intended Branches of Road are very ruinous, and in some Places so narrow, steep, and incommodious, as to be incapable of being sufficiently amended by the Laws now in being: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Elf or d, Mr. Gore Langton,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Long presented to the House, by His Majesty's Estimatf, &c. Command, P'elenleJ-

An Estimate of the Sum which may be wanted for Secret His Majesty's Foreign and other Secret Services, for the ServKe *

Year 1800: And ailo.

An Account of the Excess beyond the Sum granted French Clergy, in the last Session of Parliament for the Relief of the &c Suffering Clergy and Laity of France, Toulonefe Emigrants, and American Loyalists, for the Year 1799.

And the Titles of the said Estimate and Account were read.

The said Estimate and Account are as followeth; viz.

An ESTIMATE of the Sum which may be wanted for His Majesty's Foreign and other Secret Services,

' for the Year 1800.

For His Majesty's Foreign and other Secret Services - £ Sn dm 175,000

Deduct, ‘

For the Charge on the Estimate of the Civil List for this Service - m - - 25,000

t £ 150,000

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,

20th February i8ocf. Charles Long.

An ACCOUNT of the Excess beyond the Sum granted in the last Session of Parliament, for the Relief of the Suffering Clergy and Laity of France, Toulonefe Emigrants, and American Loyalists, for the Year 1799.

Seven Thousand Five Hundred and Seventy-four Pounds Six Shillings and Three Pence.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,

20th February 1800. Charles Long.

Ordered,

40 Geo. III. 20'- — 2i° Februariu . 211

Ordered, That the said Estimate and Account do lie Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time, upon the Table, to be perused by the Merpbers of the That the said Bill be read a Second Time

House. ' Tomorrow Morning.

Bill to con- The House wa,s moved, That an Act, made in this prohibtrbgthe present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to making or " prohibit, until the First: Day of March One thou-Scotlant^or .11 ^an<^ Eight hundred, the making of Low Wines or dcicd. " Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort

" of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran, in that " Part of Great Britain called might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the said Act for a Time to be limited: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Committeeap- The House was moved, That an Act, made in the fider'of repair- Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King Henry the County Eighth, " For Bridges and Highways," might be read.

Kigt . And jjJe same was reacj accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to supply " some Defects in the Laws for repairing and re-build- . ing County Bridges, for repairing, enlarging, erecting, " and providing, House? of Correction, and for passing " Rogues and Vagabonds," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and re- duce, into One Act of Parliament, the Statutes now " in being, for the Amehdment and Preservation of the " Public Highways, within that Part of Great Britain " called England, and for other Purposes," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of giving Powers to Justices of the Peace for the more effectually repairing County Bridges: And that they do report the fame, together with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of Lord Granville Leveson Gower, Mr. St urges, Mr. Andrews, Mr.

Sir John V/rottesley, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Mr. Mantling, Mr. E/ford, Mr. Buxton, Mr.

Mr. Egerton, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Richard Ryder, and all the Knights for Shires, and Gentlemen of the Long Robe, in the House: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Account of The House being informed that Mr. Parker (from Produce of in- the Office for Affairs of Taxes) attended at the Door, presented! was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the

House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Total Produce of the Tax upon Income, for the Year ending the 5th of April 1800, as far as the same can be made up and estimated; distinguishing the Amount in consequence of Assessments by the Commercial Commissioners.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The. said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Bill tocon. Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order,

prohiHtfn Mhe a to continue> for a Time to be limited, an Act, making of made in this present Session of Parliament, to prohibit Ic'uand 0;m mahing of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat or femed" ,pr other Soit of Grain, or from Meal, Flour, or Bran, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Vol. 55.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Lord Granville Leveson Gower and Mr. Rose, be added to the Committee who are appointed to consider of Means for rendering more effectual the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for better regulating the Assize and making of " Bread."

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Moor, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Locking, in the County of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pafst And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Moor, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Locking, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 210 die Februarii;

Anno 40 Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1800. Prayers.

ABILL for opening and making Two new Streets in the City of Aberdeen, was read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Stuart, Mr. Brodie, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Charles Yorke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Milton, in the County of Cambridge: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being respectively Proprietors of certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, between the Cam, otherwise Grant Ouse, and Mtldenhall Rivers, and bounded on the South Eali by the Hard Lands of JJleham, Fordham, Soham, and Wicken,(commonly called the Soham or

Middle Fen District) on Behalf of themselves, and the other Proprietors of Lands, within the said District, W'as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was passed, in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign

Committee on Mn ine Mutiny Bill.

Members added to Committee respecting the Aliize of Bread.

Locking Inclosure Bill, passed.

Aberdeen

Streets Bill, committed *

Milton Indo^ sure Bill, pie fented.

Ely (Middle Fen) Diaiange Petition.

212

21° Febru.

A. 1806.

Reign of King George the Second; ior draining and prer lcrving certain Fen Lands, and Low Grounds, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambetween the,

otherwise Grant OuJ'e, and Mild Rivers, and bound-

' ed on the South East by the Hard Lands of Fordham, Soham, and Wicken, and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands, within the said Limits, commonly called Invef.ed Lands; and that, by the said Act, certain Commissioners were appointed for carrying the same into Execution, and certain Rates or Taxes were thereby charged upon the Lands and Grounds, within certain Limits, described in the said Act, for defraying the Charges and Expences of draining and preserving the said Lands and Grounds, and Power was given to the said Commissioners to borrow Money, on the Credit of the said Rates or Taxes, for defraying the Expences of carrying the said Act into Execution,; and that the Commissioners, appointed by virtue of the said Act, did, in pursuance of the Powers thereby vested in them, borrow the Sum of £. 10,000, v or thereabouts, and the Money arising by the said Rates or Taxes being insufficient for defraying the necessary Expences attending the Execution of the said Act, and to keep down the Interest of the Money borrowed as aforesaid, an Arrear of Interest accrued, amounting to the Sum of £.5,000, or thereabouts, which was likely to be loft, unless forae further Provision was made for discharging the said Debt, and the Works made for draining and preserving the said Lands and Grounds / were likely to fall into Decay; and that, in order to make some further Provision for discharging the said Debt, and for draining and preserving the said Lands and Grounds, and to prevent the same from falling into Decay, an Act was passed, in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to amend, and tender effectual, the said first-recited Act, and thereby certain additional Rates and Taxes were imposed upon the said Fen ‘Lands and Low Grounds, for a certain Term of Years, and certain Tolls were thereby imposed for Horles and other Cattle haling any Boats, Barges, or -other Vessels, on, or passing along, the East Banks of the Rivers Ouse, Cam, ox Grant, and the South West Bank of the Alildenhall -River, and the Commissioners, appointed for putting the said first-recited Act into Execution, were authorized to apply the Money arising from the said Rates, Taxes, and Tolls, and by tile Sale of certain Lands and Grounds therein mentioned, in paying or compounding the Monies due and owing for Principal and Interest as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners were also authorized, by the last-recited Act, to borrow and take up at Interest, on the Credit of the said Rates, Taxes, and Tolls, such Sums of Money as fl'.ould be necessary for compounding the said Debts, and to mortgage or assign over the said Rates, Taxes, and Tells, as a Security to the Persons advancing Money for the Payment thereof; and that, in pursuance of the last-recited Act, the said Commissioners have compounded all the Debts or Sums of Money lb as aforesaid due and owing, and charged upon the said Lands and Grounds, by virtue of and-under the said first recited Act, save only as to the Sum of f.6,358. 6s. 31/. which the said Commissioners Were unable to pay, and which ilill remains charged upon the said Lands and Grounds, and the Payment thereof, with Interest, is secured by an Assignment made by the said Commissioners of the said Rates, Taxes, and Tolls, to Bucke, of

Worlington, in the County of Esquire, a Truf-

tcc named and appointed for that Purpose, by and on the Behalf of the several Persons entitled to the said Sum of Money and Interest; and that considerable Expences have been lately incurred in making, maintaining, and preserving, the Works npcelfavy for the Drainage#. Preservation, and Improvement, of the said Lands and Grounds, and that further Works are necessary for that Purpose; and, the present Rates, Taxes, and Tolls, being inadequate to the Purpose of keeping down the Interest of the said Debt, and defraying the Expences already incurred, and the further'Charges and Expences which must necessarily be incurred, in the maintaining and preserving the said Works of Drainage; and in making other Works for the Preservation and Improvement of the said Lands and Grounds, it is expedient and necessary that additional Rates and Taxes should be imposed upon the said Lands and Grounds, and that the said Tolls should be increased, and that Provision should be made for explaining and amending the said, recited Atfts, and furthejr Powers given to the said Commissioners, to enable them to carry the said recited Acts into Execution: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Re-ftridions, as to the House shall feera meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of & Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Yorke, General Adeane,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber;. and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill, for altering, amending, and render- Maneyt trying more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-first well, &c. Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, B !!>

" An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands,

" in the several Parillies of Man, " Downham, Witcham, and in a certain extra-parochial " Place in ByalFen, within the Isle of Ely, and County " of Cambridge,"was read the Third Time.

Refo'.ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, " An A<d.

" for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, in the " several Parishes of Maney, Upwell, Downham,

" Witcham, and in a certain extra-parochial Place in By at

tc Fen, within the Isle of Ely, and County of

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Yorke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Jodrell presented to the House, according to Yarmouth Order, a Bill for continuing the Term of Two Acts, HaTcnB.il, One made in the Twelfth Year and the other in the Prdentei1, Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for clearing, depthening, repairing, maintaining, and improving, the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth, and for depthening and making more navigable the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven, and preserving Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire; and allo for building a new Bridge over the Haven of Great Yarmouth; and for altering and enlarging the Powers thereof, so far as the same relate to the said Haven and Piers: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Sir Gregory Page Turner, Baronet, Lord Petition of In-of the Manor of Battlefden, and <jf several other Persons,

Inhabitants of the Parish of Battlefden, in the County ae-'ina'Hock-of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; Tak- Wfe lm w°-ing Notice of the Bill for continuing the Term, and al- Roid tering and enlarging the Powers, of several A^ls, passed for amending the Highway between Hockliffe and IVo-burn, in the County of Bedford, and for repairing the Road leading through Woburn to Bridge, in

Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks; and Setting forth, That the said Bill contains several Provisions which the Petitioners apprehend will be very injurious and detrimental to them and the other Inhabitants of the said Pari fit: And therefore praying, That they may

ba

40 Geo. III. a i9 Febru. a 13

be heard, by themselve?, their Counsel, or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill' as may affect them, and have such Relief as the House shall think just and equitable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

London Mr. Manning presented to the House, according to

rented. Order, a Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and ,p other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rej'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 5th Day of March next.

Kcwhaven and A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put Lew« Navi- jn Execution an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Dramage'pe- Reign of His present Majesty, for improving the Navi-sition. gation of the River Oitfe between Newhaven Bridge and

Lezves Bridge, in the County of Sussex, and for the better Draining of the Low Lands lying in Lezves and Laughton Levels, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees, appointed in and by virtue of the said Act, have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and several Sums of Money have been borrowed, and are now due and owing, upon Mortgage of the Tolls, Rates, and Duties, for Goods conveyed upon the said River, and of the Assessments or Scots upon the Lands lying in the said Levels, by the iaid Ad directed to be received, levied, and raised and that great Progress hath been made in the Execution of the said Act, but, in order to complete the same, it will be necessary to borrow a further Sum of Money on the Credit thereof; and that the Tolls, Rates, and Duties, by the said Act directed to be laid and' imposed, together with the Scots or AfletTments thereby authorized to be raised, have from Time to Time fallen greatly short of the Sums necessary to be annually raised for the Expence of carrying the same into Execution, and of paying the Interest of the already subsisting Debt, so that it has become necessary to lay further and additional Scots or AfletTments upon the Lands lying within the said Levels, to a very large Amount, in each and every Year, to supply such Deficiency, and which Deficiency is likely to continue, even though no more Money should be borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, and mutt be . considerably increased, in case the further Sums should be borrowed which will be necessary to carry the said Act completely into Execution, by reason whereof the Works mult either be left in an unfinithed State, or the Owners and Occupiers of Lands within the said Levels mult continue to be subject to great and unreasonable Burthens, unless some of the Powers of the said Act are altered, amended, and enlarged, and the Tolls, Rates and Duties, by the said Act directed to be levied, are ajiowed to be increased: And therefore praying, on Behalf of themselves, and of others of the said Trustees, That Leave may . be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet, i . Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration ot a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall ap-. . pear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pelham, the Lord

Sheffield, See.: And they are tomcet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Hexham and Mr. Burden reported from the Committee, to whom

prtMicnfre-11 the Petition of the several Perl'ons, whole Names are pomd. thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others,

.Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for altering, ..Vox.. 55.

repairing; and widening, the Road from Sumtnerrods near the Town of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Alfion, in the County of Cumberland, was referred; . That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative! to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; 'and is aa v followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Nicholas Ruddock, being examined, said, That the Trustees appointed in and by virtue of the said Act, have proceeded to put the same into Execution, and have made great Progress in repairing and improving the said Road, and have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken thereon; which Money, together with the said Tolls, has been duly applied according to the Directions of the said Act; that the said Money so borrowed, and which is Hill due, cannot be repaid, nor the said Road properly and effectually improved and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers and Provisions, of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Summerrods Bar, near the Town of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of in

the County of Cumberland: And that Mr. Bur don, Mr.

Grey, and Mr. Beaumont, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bur don reported front the Committee, to whom Giemvhelr, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are &e-Road ?> thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others,

Trustees for executing, an Act» Riade in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repeal ing an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from a, Part of the Road (from Carlisle to Nezvcastle-upon-Tyne) near Glen-whelt, to another Part of the Road (so making from Can-lijle to Newcastle) upon Shildon Common, in the County of Northumberland, and for making more effectual Provision for the Repair of the said Road, was referred i That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the' said Petition, an{l had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. . .....; . ... .;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,:

Mr. Nicholas Ruddock, being examined, said, That -the

Trustees, appointed in or by virtue of the said Act, have proceeded to put the same in Execution and have mad great Progress in.repairing and improving the said Road and have for that Purpose continued at, Interest several considerable Sums of Money formerly borrowed, on thp Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken thereon, and have applied the said Tolls according to the Directions of the said Act; that the said Money fa borrow ed, and which is Hill due, cannot be repaid, nor the said Road properly and effectually improved and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is continued, and feme of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered; that it would be of great Public Utility, if the Termination of the said

3 I j Road

Bythdm tn-cLAirc Bill, reported.

Rvhdale Canal Petition, reported.

114 Q, i° Februarii 1S00.

Road wetd'itlrered for the Space of about Two Miles, at riie West End thereof,- and extended to Glenwhelt aforesaid. — And, the Wknels being further examined, said. That the Road leading from or out of the said Turnpike Road at» Cor bridge, in the County of Northumberland,

through Corbr'ulgo East Fieldto St ay the-Voyage Burn,

id the said County, would, if the same were continued thence through Newton, Newton Hall, Stel/iitg, Acomb, Bearl, Nafferton, Whittle, HorfttVylam, Moiling Hall,

Rouchester, Hokghton, and He Grounds,

to the Military Road at Heddobe a short and convenient Line of Road from Cor bridge to Heddon-bnths-JVallafore laid, in the Way to Tyne, and that it would greatly facilitate the Communication of that Part of the Country, and be of great Public Utility, if the same were made a Turnpike, and included in the same Act with, and put under the Care and Management of, the same Trustees as the said first-mentioned Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Continuing the Term, and altering the Powers and Provisions of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Carlisle and Turn-

pike Road, near Glenwhelt, to another Part of the said Carlisle and Nezucastle Road upon Shildon Common, in

the County of Northumberland; and for altering the Termination of the said Road at the West End thereof, Jnd extending the fan to, dr near to, Glenwhelt, in the said County; and for making and repairing a Branch of Road from the said Road at to the Military

Road at Heddon-on-the-IVall, in the said County of Nor-

thtmberlaiid: And that Mr. Burden, Mr. Grey, and Mr , Beaumont, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Bythorn, in the County of Huntingdon, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with 5 and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read i and isasfblloweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Calder Navigation, at or near Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join the Canal of his -Grace the Duke of Brigdewoter, in the Pari Hr of

Manchester, in the County Palatine of and

also certain Cuts from the said intended Canal, was read: And,

Mr. Thomas Tozvnjhend, being examined, said. That the Company have proceeded in making and completing certain Parts of the said Navigation, and have not only expended therein so much of the Sum of £.291,100, by the said Act authorized to be raised, as they have been able to raise, but are also indebted in considerable large Sums of Money for Lands marked and set out, or taken and used for the said Navigation and Works, and for Goods, Utensils, and Implements, purchased for carrying on the said Undertaking; that much more Expence hath been and will be necessarily incurred in completing and maintaining the said Navigiation, than was estimated when the Rates of Tonnage granted by the said Act were fixed and settled; and that it will be necessary that the Company should be empowered to col-left some additional Tonnage towards answering such Expence; that on a Re-survey of the Country through, which certain Parts of the said Canal, not yet begun to be made, are intended to pass, it hath been found that it would be more advantageous to the Company, and also to all Persons who may have Occasion to use those Parts of the Navigation, that Two Variations should be made from the Line prescribed by the said Act (that is to say) instead of making the said Canal from, or nearly from, a Place or Point called Gorells, in the said Township of Cajlleton, according to the said Line, to Chadderton Brook, in the Township of Chadderton, that the same should be made in another Direction from Gorells to' Chadderton Brook aforesaid, through the several Townships of Cajlleton, Hopzvood, Thornham, Middleton, and Chadderton; and also, instead of making the said Canal from a certain Place or Point near the Northerly Side of the House, known by the Sign of The Packhorse, in the Township of Failfzvortk, and now or late in the Occupation of Thomas Ogden, according to the said Line, to or near to a certain other Place or Point, called Lane, in the Township of Manchester; that the same should be made in another Direction from near the said House, known by the Sign of The Packhorse, to or near Butler Lane aforesaid, through the several Townships of Failfzvortk, Newton, and Manchester, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster: Then,

Mr. Ralph Shuttleworth, being examined, said. That the Company, ih proceeding to carry the said Act into Execution, have found the Powers and Provisions thereof in many Respects defective and insufficient, and that it is necessary the same should be altered and amended.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal to raise Money for completing the said Cana!, and to vary the Line of the said Canal, and to alter, explain, and amend, the Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal: And that Mr. Blackburne of Lancaftdre and Mr. Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The House being informed that Mr. (from the Commissioners for improving and completing the Thames Navigation) attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act; of Parliament,

Abstract of an Account of all Money received and disbursed by the Commissioners appointed for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis, for the Year 1799.

And then he withdrew.

Arid the Title of the said Abstract was read.

Ordered, That the said Abstract do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Abstract is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

six

Abfht& of Account of Thames Navigation, pr«-ftnted.

Alewouth and - Ainwick Roads Petition, repotted.

Members added to Com- aittet on Public Record.

Members ad-tied to Committee respecting the Aflfue of Bread.

Marine Mutiny Bill, reported.

40 Geo. III. 21 Februa. ti$

Sir Matthew White Ridley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from through the Town of Alnwickto and from

thence to the Town of Hexhamand alsothe Road lead-

ing out of the aforesaid Road, between Alnwick and Rothbury, to Jockey's Dike Bridge, in the County of Northumberland, and for making more effectual Provision for the Repair of the said Roads, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had direct -ed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Nicholas Ruddock, being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said A<d, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby gaanted, which Hill remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads effectually improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said A<d be continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered j and that it would be of Public Utility, if the Termination of the Road were altered at the South End thereof for the Space of about Half a Mile.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers and Provisions, of an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Alemouth, through Alnwick and Rothbury, to Hexham, and a Branch from the said Road, between Alnwick and Rothbury, to Jockey's Dike Bridge, in the County of Northumberland, and also, for altering the Termination of the said Road at the South End thereof: And that Sir Matthew White Ridley, Mr. Grey, and Mr. Beaumont, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That Mr. Williams Wynn be added to' the Committee, who are appointed to inquire into the State of the Public Records of this Kingdom, and of l'uch other Public Instruments, Rolls, Books, and Papers, as they shall think proper; and to report to the House, the Nature and Condition thereof, together with what they shall judge fit to be done for the better Arrangement, Preservation, and more convenient Use, of the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles , Mr. , Mr. McDowaJl, and the Lord Advocate of Scotland, be added to the Committee who are appointed to consider of Means for rendering more effectual the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign, of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for better " regulating the Assize and making of Bread."

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed, to by the House.

VOL. 55.

Ordered, That the Bill; with the Amendment , be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Tkp upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr.

Pefys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to Acquaint this House, That the Lords have come to the following Resolution and Agreement; viz>

Resolved, By the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled. That, in consequence of the high Price and deficient Supply of Wheat and other Grain, it is expedient to adopt such Measures as may be practicable for diminishing the Consumption thereof; during the Continuance of the present Pressure, and for introducing the Use of such Articles as may conye niently be substituted in the Place thereof.

AGREEMENT.

In consequence of the high Price of Grain, and the Evils arising therefrom. We, the undesigned, agree, That, until the Tenth Day of October next, we will, not consume, nor permit to be consumed, in any Week, within our respective Families, m«t Wheaten Bread than in the Proportion of One Quartern Loaf foreaCh of the Individuals of whom our laid Families may be composed; and also, that, during the said Period, we will discontinue, and cause to be difcaotinued, within., our said Families, all Pastry.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Resolution and Agreement be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of1 the whole House, to whom it is referred to (ofifider further of the Report, which was made from the Corn mittee appointed to consider of Means for rendering more effectual the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for better regulating the Assize and making of Bread j" and who were mstructed to consider of the most effectual Means of remedying any Inconveniences which may arise from the Deficiency of the last Crop of Grain.

Ordered, That the Order of the £)ay, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of extending the Term of the Charter of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, granted and confirmed to them by an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty intituled, "An Act for establishing an Agreement with " the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, " for advancing the Sum of Two Millions, towards the " Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand " Seven hundred nd Eighty-one," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly J

The House resolved itself into the said.Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had received a Proposal from the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, relating to the Matter referred to the said Committee, and had come to a Resolution thereupon; both which the Committee had directed him to report, when the House will please tp receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee the said Proposal and Resolution; and he read1 the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Proposal and Resolution were read; and are as followeth; viz.

To

Jt $totion and Agreement from the Lords r«fp«A» ing Bread.

Committee Act for eft.v blishing an Agreement with the Bank.

nftftfi.

3ifd

216 Febiuarii.; A. 1800.

To the Honourable the fcommons of Great in Parliament assembled. a - ' '

The Governor and Company of the Bank of 'England humbly propose,

That, in Consideration of the Advance of Three - Millions Sterling, in the Manner, for the Period, and upon the Terms, herein after mentioned, they be continued a Corporation, with the foie Power and Privilege of Banking, for the Term of Twen-ty-one Years, from the First Day of August One thousand Eight hundred and Twelve, with all Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Fran-chiles. Immunities, Exemptions, Privileges, Pro-! fits, Emoluments, Benefits, and Advantages, which they now have, possess, or enjoy, by virtue or in pursuance of their Charter, or of any Act or Acts |' of Parliament, or of any Employment, by or on Behalf of the Public: Redeemable, nevertheless, after the Expiration of the said extended Term of Xwenty one Years from the said First Day of August One thousand Eight hundred and Twelve, ' on One Year's Notice, and the Re-payment

of all the Principal Money and Interest which shall be then due and owing to the said Governor and ! Company upon all such Tallies, Exchequer Or-

ders. Exchequer Bills, Parliamentary Funds, or other Government Securities, which they shall

;' have remaining in their Hands, or be entitled to at the Time of such Notice to be given as afore-, ' laid, the said Governor and Company continuing a I Corporation, with an exclusive Power of Banking, notwithstanding such Notice given, until all the . f Money duir to them as aforesaid shall be duly paid.

That, in Consideration of the above proposed ' Extension of their Charter for Twenty-one Years, ' -and a Grant of their other Privileges, Employments, Advantages, and Immunities above-mentioned, the said Governor and Company are wil-

ling to advance the Sum of Three Millions Sterling for the Public Service, to be paid on such ! Days during the present Year, and in such Manner, as Parliament shall direct and appoint, the Re-payment thereof to be secured by Exchequer Bills, to be made out at the Time of such Advance, by virtue of an Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament, and to be made payable at the Expiration of Six Years from the Date thereof, without Interest, the said Exchequer Bills to be charged and chargeable upon the first Aids or Supplies which shall be granted by Parliament, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Six; and, in case sufficient Aids or Supplies should not be granted by Parliament for that Purpose, before the Fifth Day of April One thou-- \ - land Eight hundred and Six, the same to be charged and chargeable upon, and to be repaid out of, the Consolidated Fund.

Provided, that the said Governor and Company shall have the Option of being repaid the said Sum of Three Millions at any Time before the Expiration of the said Term of Six Years, in case the ‘Price of the-Three per Centum Consolidated Annuities shall be Eighty per Centum, or more, upon giving Sir Months Notice for that Purpose to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty'sTreasury; and upon such Re-payment, the said Governor and Com-.. pany shall deduct or allow a Discount to the Public, at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, on the Sum repaid for such Part of the said ' Term of Six Years as shall then remain unexpired. Sealed, by Order of the Court of Directors,

...; the 13th February 1800. (L. S.) Robert , Sec.

Resolved, That it.is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient to continue to the Bank of England,

fora further Term of Twenty-one Years, the Privileges secured to them by an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for " advancing the Sum of Two Millions, towards the " Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand " Seven hundred and Eighty-one," on the Conditions contained in the Proposal made by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee oa to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill forfurthercontinuing, fora Timetobelimit- Corpus s«r-ed, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intitu- tKuliou Act led, " An Act for further continuing, until the First Day of March One thousand Eight hundred, an Act,

* made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain such " Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against His Person and Government," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.'

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Com- reported, mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted. *

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Labourer Reading of the Bill to explain and amend so much of Ws^s (fc'll,» ‘ an Act, made i« the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen S^ntuJ Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act containing divers Orders " for Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Husbandry, and " Apprentices," as empowers Justices of the Peace to> regulate the Wages of Labourers in Husbandry;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

- It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Six Months.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee cf resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ^pp1)'-consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defray- Estima. , &«. ing the Civil. Establishment of the Province of Upper Jj^rCanada. Canada, in America, from the lft of January to the 31st of December 1800, be referred to the said Committee,

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defray- Nova Scotfa. ing the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, in America, from the jft of January to the 31st of December 1800, be referred to tl 19 said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defray- New Branding the Civil- Establishment of the Province of Ncm wick Brunswick, in America, from the 24th June 1800 to the 24th June 1801, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered,

Saint John's Island.

Cape Breton.

Newfound land.

Bahama

islands.

Bermudas.

Dominica.

Ne South Walts.

J>

Money issued

pursuant to Add re fits.

Disposition of Grants.

Confi&s.

Aliens.

Emigrants,

&c.

Secret Service.

French Clergy, c.

40 Geo. III. 210 — 24 0 Feb 1 217

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint in America, from the ill of January so the 31st of December 1800, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America, from the 24th of June 1800 to the 24th of June 1801, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Nezvfound-land, in America, from the lft of April 1800 to the lft of April 1801, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in America, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the fame, from the ill of January to the 31st December 1800, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Bermudas of Somers IJJands, from the 24th of June 1800 to the 24th of June 1801, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Island of Do-

minica, from the ill of January to the 31st of -

" her 1800," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of New South Wales, from the 10th of October 1799 to the 10th of October 1800, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the probable Amount of the Bills that will be drawn on the Lords Commissioners ol His Majesty's Treasury, for the Service of the Settlement at New South Wales in the Year 1799, and will become due in the Course of the Year 1800, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Add relies of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money, given for the Service of the Year 1799, has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Estimated Surplus thereon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expences of confining, maintaining, and employing. Convicts at Home, for the Year 1800, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of defraying the Charge of the Superintendance of Aliens, according to the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for the Year 1800, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sum which may be necessary for the Relief of the Suffering Clergy and Laity of Dance, Touionefe, and Emigrants,

certain Saint Domingo Sufferers, and American Loyalists, for the Year 1800, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sum which may be wanted for His Majesty's Foreign and other Secret Services, for the Year 1800, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Excess beyond the Sum granted in the last Session of Parliament for the Relief of the Suffering Clergy and Laity of

ToulvmfeEmigrants, and American Loyalists, for the Year 1799, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House rel'olved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleal'e to receive the lame.

Vol. 55.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, to prohibit the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, or other Sort of Grain, or from Meal, Flour, or Bran, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

The said Bill was read a Second Time. ♦

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Marton-with-Grafton, in the County of York:

And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 2 40 die Februarii;

Anno 40° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1800. Prayers.

MR. Tyrwhilt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Corporation, es, and Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Okehampton, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found' that the Standing Orders of th# House, relative to Paving Bills, and Bills for building Bridges, had not been complied with, the Necessity of applying to Parliament, in the present Session, for removing the Nuisances stated in the Petition, not having arisen till after the Time limited for giving the Notices required by the said Standing Orders but it appeared to the Committee, that, on Account of the present very ruinous State of the Roads and Bridges within the said Borough (which were materially injured by the late wet Season) Travellers and Carriages are subjected to imminent Danger in passing along the same j that it is the great Public Road on which the Mail Coaches and other Carriages are daily passing and repassing j and that, unless some immediate Remedy is provided, great Inconveniences mull arise to the Trade and Commerce of that Part of the Kingdom} and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and 3 K afterwards

Bill to continue Act for prohibiting the making of Spirits, &c. in Scotland, committed.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Marton Inclosure Bill, presented.

Okehamntoa Paving reti-tion, reported.

9

Lincoln Heath and Peterborough Roads Bill, presented.

Ryhall Inclosure Petition.

218 24 Februarii. ' 1800.

afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where same divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof al-the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. lotted to them, according to their respective Rights and To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be Member present informed your Committee, That the given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Town and Borough are very populous, and the Pub- Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable lie Streets, Ltfnes, Ways, Paths, Passages, and Places, Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Ryhall within the same, are not properly paved, cleansed, water- with otherwise in the County

ed, lighted, or watched, and are subject to various En- of Rutland, in such Manner as to the House shall seem croachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, meet.

and are also in many Places very narrow, incommodious, Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-and dangerous to Passengers and Carriages: — That the suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. paving, cleansing, watering, lighting, and watching the Vyner and Mr. Noel Edwards do prepare, and bring in, laid Streets, Lanes, Ways, Paths, Passages, and Places the fame.

(except such as are now under the Care and Management of any Turnpike Trust) in a proper Manner, remov- A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Bamack la *

ing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nui- thereunder subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and the clolure Feti fauces, and Annoyances, and also widening and opening other Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the tlon the Streets in some Places, and making new Streets and Common Fields of Bamack, including the Hamlets of Passages, where necessary, will be of great Benefit and Pilfgate and Southorpe, in the County of Northampton, Convenience to all Persons residing in, or resorting to, or was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, passing through, the said Town and Borough: — That it That the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Corn-will be necessary to take down the present Court House, monable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish Market House, and Shambles, together with a Place of Bamack, including the Hamlets of Pilfgate and called The Middle Row, and to lay the Space occupied Southorpein the County lie intermixed, by the said Buildings into the Streets, and to purchase are inconveniently situated with respect to the several a Piece of Ground in a more convenient Situation for Proprietors thereof, and, in their present State, incapable the Purpose of building a new Court House, Market of any considerable Improvement; and it would tend to House,-and Shambles; and that it would likewise be of the Advantage of the Persons interested therein to have Public Utility, if the present Bridges over the Rivers of the same divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof the said Town and Borough were to be repaired, altered, alloted to them, according to their respective Rights and and improved; and that for accomplishing the Pur- Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be poses aforesaid, a very considerable Sum of Money will given to bring in a Bill for dividing and indosing the be necessary, which it may be proper to raise out of the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Estates and Revenues belonging to the said Town and Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Bamack,

Borough, and also by imposing certain Tolls upon including the Hamlets of Pilfgate and Southorpe, in the Horses and Carriages coming into, and going out of, the County of Northampton, in such Manner as to the House said Town and Borough. shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur *

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted that Vyner and Mr. Cartwright do prepare, and bring in, the Notices may be given at the next Easter Quarter Sessions fame, to be holden for the County of Devon, and Three Times

in some one Newspaper published in the said County, A Petition of Thomas Reeve Thornton, Esquire, the Rotlioithorpe in the Month of April next, of the Application to Par- Lord of the Manor of in the County of

liament for the Purposes mentioned in the said Petition. Northampton, and the Proprietor of the greatest Part of

the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and "Mr.-Vyner presented to the House, according to Or- other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Pa-der, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering rish of Rolherfthorpe aforesaid, and of Thomas and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Watson Eiiquire, the Patron of the Vicarage Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King and Parish Church of Rolherfthorpe aforesaid, and Owner

George the Second, and the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of certain Lands called Glebe Lands, and of the Re<story

of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the impropriate of Rolherfthorpe aforesaid, and of the Revc-

Roads leading from the East Side of Lincoln Heath to rend Roger Barnston Hughes, Clerk, Vicar of the said Vi-

the City of Peterborough; and from the East End of carage and Parish Church of Rotherfthorpe aforesaid, was

Marham Lane to the Town of Walton, in the County of presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That

Northampton; and from the Town of Bourn to the Town the said Open and Common Fields, Meadow's, Pastures,

of Colfterworth; and from Donington High Bridge to the and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lie inter-

Cross Poll in the Parish of Hacconby, and from the East mixed, and, in their present State, incapable of any con-

End of a Lane, called Hale Drove, to and through the derable Improvement; and it would be of great Benefit Town of Old Sleaford, to the End of Long Hedge, in the and Advantage to the several Persons interested therein Parish of Quarrington, in the County of Lincoln: And the if the same were divided, allotted, and inclosed: And same was received; and read the First Time. therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said

- Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such thereunder subscribed, in Behalf of themselves, and the Regulations, as the House shall think proper, other Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-Common Fields of Ryhall with Belmejlhorpe, otherwise suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Belminfthorpe, in the County of Rutland, was presented to Vyner and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the

the-House, and read; Setting forth, That the Common fame, and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and

Waste Grounds, within the said Parish, lie intermixed, are Mr. presented to the House, according to Magorand

inconveniently situated with respect to the several Pro- Order, a Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, Koaa's<itT:i

prietors thereof, and, in their present State, incapable of and improving the Rond from the Village of Magor to prei'emed. '

any considerable Improvement; and it will tend to the the Bridge-foot in the Town of Chepjiow, in the County Advantage of the Persons interested therein, to have the , of Monmouth, and several other Roads in the Counties

40 Geo III. 24° Februarii. 219

of Monmouth, Gloucester, , and Brecon ' And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved', That the Bill be read a Second Time.

sprcwfton in- A Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral ton!"PeU Church of Norwich, and of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of all the Estates in the Parish of in

the County of Norfolk, to which belong Rights of Common, over and upon the Commons and Waste Grounds in the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, certain Commons and Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but if the same were inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the Persons interested therein, according to their several and respective Rights, great Advantage would be derived to them therefrom, but the Notices required by the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, have not been given, the Petitioners not having resolved to apply for any Bill for the Inclosure of the said Commons and Waste Grounds until this present Month, and that it will be attended with a great Loss to the Petitioners, if Leave be not given to bring in a Bill for making such Allotments and Inclosure, in this present Session: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and that the Petitioners may have Leave to give such Notices in the Months of March and April next ensuing, or either of them.,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Buxton, Mr. Vyner, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Little Snoring A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereto lncioi'uK Ft- subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Mef-" fuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, and entitled to certain Rights of Common, within the Parish of Little Snoring, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Parish sundry Tracts or Parcels of Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Land, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which are inconveniently situated for the respective Pro-

{rrietors thereof, and, in their present State, yield but ittie Profit; and it would be advantageous to the several; Persons interested therein, if the same were divided, and

j specific Parts or Shares thereof allotted to them, according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Buxton and Sir Martin Browne Folkes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Imit Plum- A Petition of Roger Kerrifon, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Little Plumfead, in the County of Norfolk,

and of several of the Owners of Messuages, Lands, and Grounds, in the said Parish on Behalf

of themselves and the rest of the Owners of Messuages, Lands, and Grounds, within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read} Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, certain Commons and Waste Grounds which are subject to Rights of Sheep-walk and Common, and, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but might be rendered of great Value if divided and inclosed, and spe-Vific Allotments made thereof to the Petitioners and all Vol. 55.

others interested therein, and the said Rights of Sheep-walk and Common extinguished: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Parish of Little field, in the County of Norfolk, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Buxton and Sir Martin Browne Folkes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Elizabeth Fleming, Widow, Margaret and Jean Fleming, Spinsters, all residing in Aberdeen, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for opening and making Two new Streets in the City of Aberdeen -, And fitting forth, That the Petitioners are materially concerned in the famtf', having the Property of Three Dwelling Houses upon the North Side of the Narrozv fVyttd, which makes the North Line of the South Street, built some Years since in a regular Building, to suit the Town House, from which the said South Street or Entry takes its Departure; and that the said Houses cannot be of any Advantage to the Public, being no Encroachment whatever, and requiring no Alteration whatever in Point of Ornament to the City j and that the Petitioners, having this Property for their Revenue, are not in such Circumstances as to retain Coun-fel for an uniform Opposition, and therefore trust it to the House, to take the Injustice of the Bill into their serious Consideration, and request that their Property, under the Names of the Heirs of Baillie Peter late Merchant there, and Mifies Flemings, residing the re, may be expunged from the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Petftion of Mrs. Fleming, &c. against Aberdeen Streets Bill.

Mr. Dickinson reported from the Committee, to whom Lower Comp, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are °]" thereunder subscribed, being Trustees appointed under Petition, or by virtue of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year r'i>orted' of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Half-way House, in the Parish of Lozver Compton, in the County of Dorset, through the Towns of Yeovil, Crewkerne, and Chard, to the East End of the Town of in

the County of Devon, and several other Roads round the said Town of Yeovil, in the County of Somerset, and also of an Act, made and passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers contained in the above-mentioned Act, and for amending Two Roads leading from Vagg in

the Parilla of Yeovil, and the Road from Chard to Cheese-way-afi, and from White Dozvn to Street, in and from thence to the Turnpike Road near Inn, id the County of Dorset; and also of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Town of,

in the County of Somerset, and for repealing Two Acts, one of the Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty, and the other of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, relating to the said Roads, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads adjoining thereto was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read; And,

Mr.

Petition of the Lord Mayor, See. of London, rdpecting Peace.

220 2A Februarii. A. 1800.

Mr. Edmund Batten, being examined, said, That the Trustees, appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, for the Districts aforesaid, have respectively proceeded to put the same into Execution, and made great Progress in repairing and improving the said Roads; and have, for that Purpose, borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls, which have been duly applied, according to the Directions of the said Acts: That the Money so borrowed cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads be properly repaired and maintained, unless a new Term be granted, and other and further Powers given to the said Trustees: That it would be a great Convenience to the Trustees for the Care of the said respective Roads, if the said Two first-recited Acts were repealed, and all the Powers and Authorities necessary to be granted or continued for repairing the said Roads, and paying the Money so due, were contained in One Act; and it would be of Public Utility, if the said Trustees were authorized to discontinue the Road, from a Place called Cut-hedge, in the Parish of IVeji Coker, in the said County of Somerset, through the said Parish of West Coker, and the Parish of in the said

County of Somerseti by Pye Corner, to the Bottom of ChinnockHill, in the Parish of Eqji Chinnock, in the said County, and Powers given for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, anew Branch of Road, leading from the said Place, called Cut-hedge, through the said Parish of West Coker, and the Village of IVeji Coker aforesaid, to the said Bottom of Chinnock Hill; and if the said Trustees were authorized to discontinue the Road from a Place, Called Street Ashe Lane, over Down,

by Holmen Clave!, to the Direction Poll in IVidcombe Moor, and for the amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, a new Branch of Road from Street Ashe Lane aforesaid, through the several Parillies of Com Saint Nicholas, Buck/and Saint Mary, Curland, and fain, in the said County of Somerset, to the Taunton Turnpike Road, at a Place called Staple Pound, in the said Parish of Staplefttzpain, as the said Two new intended Branches of Road are very ruinous, and in some Places so narrow, steep, and incommodious, as to be incapable of being sufficiently amended by the Laws now in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing Two Acts, one made in tire Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His pre-ient Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Half-way House, in the Parish of Lower Compton, in the County of Dorset, through the Towns of Yeovil, Crew kerne, and Chard, to the East End of the Town of in the County of Devon, and several other Roads therein mentioned } and all'o, for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, as relates to repairing the Road from the Direction Poll: in IVidcombe Moor, through Street Ashe Lane, to Chard, and for mak-

ing more effectual Provision for those Purposes, and for altering and diverting certain Parts of the said Roads: And that Mr. Dickinfcn, Mr. Gore Langton, and Mr. Dickinson, Junior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of His Majesty's most loyal and dutiful Subjects, the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Liverymen, of the City of London, at the Guildhall of the said City, the 19th Day of February 1800, in Common Hall assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Seting forth. That the Petitioners deeply lament the Calamities inseparable from a State of War, but more particularly those which have resulted from the present Conflict, because they conceive it to have been more indefinite in its Objcift, and devastating in its Progress, than any War this Country has hitherto been engaged in } and that the Petitioners deprecate Wars undertaken

.cither for the secret or avowed Purpose of imposing a *

Government on another County, or in any Manner interfering in its internal Concerns; and that, impressed with these Considerations, they have not in any Instance sanctioned or approved of the present War, but, on the contrary, have, by Instructions to their Representatives in Parliament, by Petitions addressed to His Majesty, and to the House, endeavoured to stop that Effusion of human Blood with which Europe has so long been deluged; and that, in their Petition presented to the House so far back as the 26th of January 1795, among other Things, they stated it as their Opinion, that none of the Ends proposed by the present War had been or appeared likely to be obtained; and that in their said Petition they further declared it to be their decided Conviction, from their View of Public Measures, that the Principle upon which the War appeared then to be carried on neither was, nor could be, essential to the Prof-perity, the Liberty, or the Glory of the Empire;

and humbly praying, That the House, declaiming all Right of interfering in the internal Concerns of France, would, be pleased to take such Measures as they in their' Wisdom should think proper, for the Purpose of promoting a speedy Peace between Great Britain and the Powers with whom we are now at War j and that, to the inexpressible Concern and Disappointment of the Petitioners, the War was unfortunately perlilted in, and more than Five Years have elapsed since that Period, during which Time the Fears and Apprehensions which they then expressed to the House have not only been realized but greatly exceeded, a Series of the moil melancholy Events and unexampled Misfortunes have ensued j the Petitioners forbear detailing the long and bloody Catalogue of Disasters which have attended the War, with the various expensive and destru<ftive Expeditions we have been engaged in, which have produced the most lerious Effects upon the Commerce and Manufactories of the Country; the Petitioners will not enumerate the long Train of aillidting Events attending the late unhappy Rebellion in Ireland, and the present distracted and unsettled State of that Country; neither will they dwell upon the exorbitant Price of Provisions, which bears so hard upon the middle and poorer Cialfes of the People, already borne down with an intolerable Pressure of Taxation, all which Circumstances lepa-rately, and combinedly, powerfully solicit the Return of Peace; and that, in this alarming Situation of Public Affairs, it is with the deeped Regret they have observed the Overtures of the French Contul, for terminatin'; Hof-

..... . O

till tics, rejected by His Majesty's Councils, and a Design more openly avowed than at any former Period of prole-cuting the War for the Purpose of restoring to the Government of France the ancient Line of the Bourbon Family; the Petitioners are the more astonished at such a Proceeding, because they did not conceive it possible that, after a bitter and unavailing Conflict of Seven Years, after a Sacrifice of so many Thousands of Lives, and lb many Millions of Money, His Majesty's Ministers could want the Result of Experience, and the Evidence of Facts, to demonstrate to them the Impracticability of a Project lb utterly incompatible with the true Interests of these Kingdoms; the Petitioners cannot sufficiently impress upon the House the Impolicy of perfe-vering in a Contest which, even if it were to prove fuc-. celsful, appears to be principally calculated for the Aggrandizement of our Aiiies, who have nevertheless, on different Occasions, shewn no Reluctance to conclude a Peace, and whole Exertions, even in their own Cause, can only be procured by the lavish Expenditure of this devoted Country; and, conceiving that no adequate Advantage can arise from a further Prosecution of Hostilities, and that the present Period is highly favourable to Negociation, the Petitioners pray, that the House will take such Measures as they in their \Vifdom may think proper, towards promoting an immediate Negociation with the Government of France, for the Purpose of restoring to His Majesty's Subjects the Blessings of Peace,

as

L

40 Geo. III.

240 Februarii.

221

Mepall, Wi-. cham, &c. Drainage Bill# committed.

a» Toon Terms.

Ordered,

Table.

A Bill to alter, explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen ' Lands, in the He of Ely and County of Norfolk, lying " between The Hundred Foot River and the Ouze, and

as it can be obtained oh safe and honourable and One Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the That the said Petition do lie upon the Year 1799. 1 ..... _ 1 .

That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Secret Service , That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Fifty Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for His Majesty's Foreign and other Secret Services, for thek Year j8oo.

That it is the Opinion of this Committee^ Money ;flued

That a Sumy not exceeding Twenty-six Thousand Two AddrefiL? Hundred and Three Pounds and Three Shillings, be bounded on the South by the Hard Lands of Mepall, granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum Wicham, Wentworth, Wichford, Ely, Downham, and which has been issued by His Majesty's Orders, pur-.

Littleport, and for empowering the Governor, BailifTs, suant to Addresses of this House, and which has not and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of been made good by Parliament.

" the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bed- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, French EmU

" ford Level, to fell certain Lands lying within the Li- That a Sum, not exceeding Two Hundred and Forty- gtanu c'

" mits aforesaid, commonly called Itivejled Lands,"was two Thousand Seven Hundred and Ninety-eight Pounds read a Second Time. Five Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Ma-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles jesty, for the Relief of the Suffering Clergy and Laity of Yorke, Mr. EJlcourt, &c.: And they are to meet this France, Toulonefe and Corf can Emigrants, certain Saint

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Domingo Sufferers, and American Loyalists, fot the Year

1800. .

- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D.

Committee Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to take into That a Sum, not exceeding Seven Thousand Five Hun-appointed to Consideration the Standing Order of this House, of the dred and Seventy-four Pounds Six Shillings and Three ing^Orders're- Twenty-seventh Day of June, in the last Session of Par- Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Relief of the' spe&ingindo- liartient, relative to Bills of Inclosure: And that they do Suffering Clergy and Laity of France, Toulonefe Emi-.iweBMf . report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the grants, and American Loyalists, for the Year 1799, over House: and above the estimated Sum granted by Parliament for

Apd a Committee was appointed of Mr. Sturges, Mr. that Service.

Buxton, Sir Henry Panltt Saint John Mildmay, Mr. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Upper Canada; John Smyth, Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Dick- That a Sum, not exceeding Seven Thousand Nine Hun-mfon, Mr. Eft court, Mr. Eliot, Mr. Charles Yorke, Lord dred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for ViscountBelgrave, Mr. Bragge, Mr, Abbot, Mr. Richard defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Ryder, Lord Granville LevefonGower, Mr. Vansittart, Province of Upper Canada, in America, from the ift Mr . Perceval, Mr. Newbolt, Mr. Dickinson, Junior; and Day of January to the 31st Day of 1800.

all the Knights for Shires and Merchants in the House: Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committeej. Nova Scot; *

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of That a Sum, not exceeding Five Thousand Five Hun-

Afternoon, Chamber.

Account;

ordered:

ForeighSpirit;

Wash for Bii-tiib Spirits.

dred and Forty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the.

Province of Nova Scotia, in America, from the ift Day of January to the- 31st Day of December 1800.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, NewBrunf-That a Sum, not exceeding Four Thousand Six Hun- wic)c‘

Tea.

the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee *

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Produce of the several additional

Duties, on Foreign Spirits imposed since the Year 1790, dred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for from the Commencement of each Duty to the 5th Day defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the of July 1799; distinguishing each Year, and each Duty. Province of New Brunswick, in America, from the 24th Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Day of June 1800 to the 24th Day of June 1801.

Account of the Net Produce of the several additional RefThat it is the Opinion of this Committee; Duties on Wath, for making British Spirits, imposed That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand Nine Hun-since the Year 1790, from the Commencement of each dred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying Duty to the 5th Day of July 1799; distinguishing each the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Year, and each Duty. Saint John, in America, from the ift Day of January to

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an the 31st Day of December 1800.

Account of the Net Produce of the additional Duties on Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Cape Breton.

Tea, imposed in the Years 1796 and 1798, from the That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand Eight Hun-Commencement of each Duty to the 5th Day of July dred and Forty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for

St, John's Island *

Report Supply.

1799; distinguishing each Year, and each Duty.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-

defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America, from the 24th Day of June 1800 to the 24th Day of June 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; Newfound-

ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to His That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand Six Hun- Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had di- dred and Forty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for

land.

Extraordina-rics of Army.

Deficiency of 0 Grants.

reeled him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Hand of Newfoundland, in , from the ift Day of

April 1800 to the ift Day of April 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Bahama That a Sum, not exceeding Four Thousand One Hun-That a Sum, not exceeding Two Millions Five Hundred dred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying Thousand Pounds, be grafted to His Majesty, to defray the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Bahama. the Extraordinary Services of the Army for the Year Islands, in America, in Addition to the Salaries now paid 1800. to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, incidental Charges attending the fame, from the ift That a Sum, not exceeding Four Hundred and Forty- Day of January to the 31st Day of December 1800. tcven Thousand and Thirty-nine Pounds Four Shillings Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Bvnna&a. k Vol. $5. 3 L That

bominica.

New South Wales.

XK

Aliens.

Ccr.vifis.

v

Bill to eonti uue Habeas Corpus Suf-pen (ion Act> palfcsL

Accouau prt Tented.

Tcrrtign Spirit.

444 ^4° Februarii. 1800.

That a 6um, not exceeding f ive Hundred and Eighty An Account of the Net Produce of the several addi- . Waft fer Uii-Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the tional Duties on Wash for making Spirits im- tish sPu, v

Charge of the Civil -Establishment of the Bermudas, or posed since the Year 1790, from the Commencement of Somers Islands, from the 44th Day of June 1800 to the each Duty to the 5th July 1799, distinguishing each 24th Day of June 1801. ' Year and each Duty: And also,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, An Account of the Net Produce of the additional Tea,

That a Sum, not exceeding Six Hundred Pounds, be Duties on Tea imposed in the Years 1796 and 1798, granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of from the Commencement of each Duty to the 5th July the Civil Establishment of the Island of Dofninica, from 1799, distinguishing each Year and each Duty, the 1 ft Day of January to the 31st Day of December And then he withdrew.

1800. And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Refohied, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the That a Sum, not exceeding Six Thousand Three Hun- Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred dred and Nine Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eight to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the granted to His Majesty.

Charge of the Civil Establishment of New South Wales, The said Accounts are preserved araongst the other from the 10th Day of October 1799 to the 10th Day of Papers of this Session.

October 1860.

Refohied, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee of That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-four Thousand and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House;

Seventy-four Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply discharge Bills that may be drawn on the Lords Com- granted to His Majesty, be now read, missioners of His Majesty's Treasury, for the Service of And the said Order being read accordingly;

the Settlement at New South Wales in the Year 1799, The House resolved itself into the said Committee *

and will become due in the Course of the Year 1800. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

That a Sum, not exceeding Six Thousand Three Hun- Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

dred and Sixty-nine Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they for defraying the Charge of the Superintendence of had come to several Resolutions; which they had di-Aliens, for the Year 1800, according to the Provisions rested him to report, when the House will please to

of the Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His pre- receive the same.

sent Majesty's Reign. ' Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Morning.

That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-two Thousand Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was-Three Hundred Fifty-three Pounds Sixteen Shillings directed by the Committee to move, that they may and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for de- have Leave to fit again.

fraying the Expences of confining, maintaining, and em- RefoThat this House will, upon ploying Convicts at Home, for the Year 1800. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means

Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. agreed to by the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) for the Regu- Marine Mu-Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for further conti- lation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, be nuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning. #e

last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for fur. Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply <

" ther continuing, until the First Day of March One Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the ferred *

" thousand Eight hundred, an Act, made in the last: whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted " Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to empower to His Majesty.

" His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Bill» emnf *

44 Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against His Per- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

" son and Government," be now read. upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an makingot spi.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, to pro- Scotland de.

The said Bill was read the Third Time. Libit the making of Low Wines, or Spirits, from Wheat, fared.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title or other Sort of Grain, or from Meal, Flour, or Bran, in be. An Act for further continuing, until the First Day that Part of Great Britain called.

of February One thousand Eight hundred and One, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled. Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Thornton have Leave to " An Act for further continuing, until the First Day of mafce a Motion, it being near Eight of the Clock.

" March One thousand Eight hundred, an Act, made And he moved the House accordingly: And,

* in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to A Bill for the Appointment and Regulation of Pilots Humber PT- *

* empower His Majesty to secure and detain such Per- for the conducting of Ships and Vessels into and out of

' fons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring the Peart of Kingston-upon-Hull, and for ascertaining the '

44 against His Person and Government." Salvage for Anchors and Cables, and other Ships' Ma-

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the terials found in the River Humber, and for the better Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. ascertaining the Tonnage of Ballast Lighters employed

at the said Port, was read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Webb (from the Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Samuel Commissioners of Excise) attended at the Door, be was Thornton^ Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pur-' Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the suant to their Orders, Speaker's Chamber.

An Account of the Net Produce of the several additional Duties on Foreign Spirits imposed since the Year And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow 1790, from the Commencement of each Duty to the Morning, Ten of the Clock.

5th July 1799, distinguishing each Year a?d each Duty:

And also -

40 Geo. III.

250 Febru

Accounts pre-icnted.

Whale Ships.

Northern

Lighthouses.

Tonnage Duties.

Mart is, 2 50 die Februarii;

Anno 40 Georgii III. 1 Regis, 1806. Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. truing (In-spector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain) attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament;

An Account of what Number of Ships from Scotland have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Streights and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence fitted out, and at what Port discharged; also, what Quantity of Oil, dr Blubber, or Whale Fins, each Ship has imported, from the 10th of October 1798 to the 10th of October 1799;

And also,

A Paper, intituled, Abstract of the Accounts of the 4t Commissioners appointed by Acts of Parliament for " erecting Lighthouses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain for the Year ending 9th July 1799."

Mr. Irving also presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, *

An Account of the Total Amount produced by an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His Majesty‘s ReigD, for granting certain Additional Duties of Cuf-torns on Goods exported and imported, and on Tonnage

of Ships, to the 5th of January 1806, distinguishing each Quarter: And also.

An Account of the Total Amount of Arrears due oh the 5th January 1800, from the Officers of the Customs in Scotland, from the 5th January 1774, so far as the same tan be made up; distinguishing the Names of such Officers, and in what Situations they are or Were employed, the Sums originally due from them, and when, and the Amount and Dates of the Payments which have been made in Discharge thereof.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Paper wCrfe read. ' .

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Paper do life upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of thfc House. '

The said Accounts and Paper are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Dickins (frorh thfc Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt) attended at the Door; he Was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

The Annual Account of the Commissioners for thfc Reduction of the National Debt, for a Year, ending the 31 ft of January 1800.

And then he Withdrew. 1

And the Title of the said Account was read;

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Vo t.55.

The

Arrears from Officers of the Customs.

Account of Commissionera of National Debt, presented.

2 1

? i

'iC^vAa pezijiBin ?.

\© ODVJ Ov J» pVOvn^U NJ vp CO^J — o u

fe

m 00 vf Osv^i — Q0OU — P «>v| vn

VO

'O

I I I I I I I I I

I I t I I

» I I 1 I I I I I I 50 I 1 1 < I

<11 I i o

ooooe»»ooooY^--?Tr?Y^YT-

tl(llllllllllftl I I I I t ( I > I 1 I I I 4 I I I I <

I I I I f I f I i I I I I I I I I I t >

«» ‘O JJ sj w Vj a v fit

~««firitiifii<iiiiii»i I f »

» I I II I I fill I § £| 5-

» i i i i ! i i i i flS 1 o n5«5

o- g 5

i l i i i < I 3 I v P- 2 e *

I »" ft

..... ..... > 0, 5!'

3 ° rb

llllll|llf||Vtftl|»f I I _I

VA

S>

i m m 111111111111111111

111 ii 111111111111 Ntr?

SJ CO I

0OV| I

jk MM

H <j n

0 M CO O

0 > In v» N V| O

oo o o On £ o

0 O O O

1 U I

I Ovvj I

O

M

3 *

VI VH b O 0 1 1111l| 1 1 l| 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 ! 11l|1? 1 1 1 1 111 1J l| II M Capital.

1 1 IS IS IS 1 1 IS 1 II 1 1 1 1 M 1 1 1 1 1 is IS 1 1 lit 1 1 1 IIS 1 1 1 1 . I ocH -- 4 1- Nl- " 1 11

M NO NJ vn 4 O' -+ 04 VI M ON

U4 1 1 8 O' . 17 1 VI -1 117

1 1 1 Va 1

1 1 1 1 1

VO M

vj vn

o»

00

I " I'0 I! I I I I I III" I I I I

M -« -

0 vn O

1 I . _ I_________

I I I I I § lb I I I I I I I I I I I I I

O O " ~

111 ib 1111 iibi^i 13; ib

~ o o

o o

o

o

o

o

I i i iiis is i i I I Iiss is i i i iii I

I 1,1 rVw celvi od|w, -ir *

I I I IS I I J II |S|2 I IS |2

cd(m , co|-i

CO On vn

VO O

11111 ° i t 1111115 " i: 1111111

| vi vi o

II III

M M M M

NJ VA GO . V>J . 00 VA 00

10 1 N 1 1

1 M 0 1 VA

1 1 1 1

| I I I I I I I I I I I I b I I I I I I I II I b I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I b

o

I I 1 1 I 1 1 I I 1 I I I I 1 I IS I 1 I I 1 I I I I 1 IS 111 I I I I H I I 1 1 1 12

vi

vn

imii1111111 m i: 111111 ii i

117111111111111111 r

I V/l

I I

u U) M 04 U)

4^. sn vn vn

o o o o o

vn O O O O

O O

o o o o

m c i -fk

cn ° T V o o i o

O o O O O O O O

O M

on b o o o o

UM 4k.

V| —

o b o o o o o o

04 P

o o o o

k

1 r

-fk 4 v/.

o o o

o o o

t 04

I VI VJ

R , - NWW H

j3 4kOJ^. I j VO oo 0 f O

i^^oc^obvA o vi by on o o b vn b by oooo oooo o oooo____o o c Q o o o o o o q

-M VA VA V/| VA Vn -f- - k

►>i ".oa(v' co)vi ooH

vm vn 4-

i«jA + i»

vn vn vn kn v-Vi 4 4k 4 -

I Vn Vn

4k - k

VI VI VI V

-4 04 o> Vj oof — f.|w 4.,1-c

cc|<a

I >A VI VI I v» v» ecju asjv»|j,v.

a ^wi(/tviViVunyi

w vj Ui 4. 4 4- -4^ -fk -fk

i4n-.HlJ-.44v HlM4.,w«o^4kiM I

lUiJAVAJAVlWlJAVlVAVA . 4k Ui Vt u NUtMM K4 v» -I HlJ-i®f < Gb(V09|m 0D)-»1vI09<M

vn

04

nj nj m

o w VI N'CNCvOCVnpNW N N (Si

cob CO — b aHh VH 0s QC-n o VJ ,v>l cc - '-A VJ — O OO - — O' N Oj

CN — Vn CC-'a'A Q XI 4k vj U vj n

M^NMMViW.M.MMM. W »- M.

O J M M ~ V» N M J P JP P 00 "si M

O IN O O b C> M V4 M CN N On be nn Cn NQ

K> O'VO 4k VJ Uj OOjJA ocon OOOO VfM O' *

On^» uCVm vo — O vi P 4 M O vn w N

vjrvi h vj vj vj } o I I O O |wiv| 'vj O O I O I vn O O {

K I Osl I I II I I I I I 1 I I I oJ I I I I I I I 11 1 I I

I I

h.v|« ivvt^»v,vr4vi^40 '0

ocoi n — vbvbojbvocsb'b VO vO vi VO O v| i-i 00 4^ Ovo *

04 00 0VO4 O V| M VI W J/j N|

VA I U O O |va N O

I I I I I I I I I 0.1

t,n 11111g if 111111111111111111 igllifllsrlHl1

o oooo

oooo

o

n

o

-fk

Mn »

IIII 111 I

VI

o- *

Vol'A

VAjAVjVjVA'A'AVjJAJA'AVAJA

4. 4 Jk sn Jk 4k o o w W Vj) vj

W. -HI TIL. Tk. i. a . w ..jki,.. ml.Mik-

-fki N^l 4k W VI

| J .| | | J |

M u Vp M va «

V) Ov O b ec I O 1 1 n 11 ii V| IS

vn O 1 V^t

Ll 1 1 1

I 4 I I I I I I I I I I i I I

VO M M NJ'A 4kJA 4- 'p 0°

b OO b by^J ^3 W 4k H w O 4k

I 4k ,0 N O W - ocen N VI M ON M

1 4k 04 - O O oo V| Ovn NVI ON^v

VAViVA OT O I I v^ VA I

I I I M I I I M I II

Va Va VA Va V-r» Nn VA VA vn 00 CO mm b Vi VA v-n vn vn

M — VI VI 1 ~ VI M 1 M vj It VO On 17 VA On r M 1 V^» if O M O NO 1 N 1 O vo It M 'V ! I'j 1 vn I = vn If O '1

CO CN ON 1 1 ON 1 1. J_ L CN 1 j 1 1 1 1

4k "^k -fk -Ik. -ik 4

" r r r r r r j" -T" r

\a vi Cn vj o o o b 4k -4m c oo

OOOOviCO&OOOO

O O O O O O O 04 o Q o Q O 0 o

jk4k4NJk4k4.4k4k4k^4kf4k4k4k4k4k^^Jk>4k^,4k^4k4k4k

t Mil N NN Nttt: : n r J. Jiii; n NUw k n: n;

'k.\u»llvii^4iN om vj OO OCQ O 0 ^4 - O' O O na CN

n oooocoooo55oooopoopoop

oooo OOOOQ oooo

NO [ NO

I ON

MMMK>MK>P|k)MK>MMPNPP

NNMMPMK>rs)MPK>NpMK)M

vj c C oo O'tv' (4) Vi VJ O' Cr NVN o 4k 'A!

-4- OO — - CC OCVJ Cs — Nj O' O »4 NO M

On — vi Qc C UJ CU4 O -h 004 - M — vj

Nn NA M Vj v, VI Vj Vi M NA M,) NJ O Q

I cs I H M I a I oJII

U P P N) N N U N N J»

D N U N N

4 v> M N>

M NJ P NJ (O p 04 NJ NS P M NJ M JJ N N M

rsN-n vb CnvI VI VI O' VI CN'b 'b vj v| ai VI Q ^4 vl OCVJ OCvj MOO

ONVJ o Oj - OH VI crjvj cO ON - NJ VI - O' (4 - M - o O' CC OO — "NONA

M CN-fk M M O -f o O o OC V/N04 4k VJ m CC CO H k % mJAUj O ^N^kkk

OOP

On H I o I I I I I wnuivunmw I mui vn I N O I OS o> I I I I I M I I Ok I I I i 'I t I I I I I II o> L

oog! :y

mvtuqsj oSs

o

cZ

r

r

2

3

r

r

O

2.

cn c 9

% A

1

r

o

u

9

u»

c

3

7 *

1

8

- vp VO 00 II1111115 1111' S1 s'' S' 11-51 fi5 '§151 '1 'I '1111 O400000000000 0000c III > 1 1 O 3 5‘

1 «a vt wj vn na s^i vn vn v^i vn vi va vn vn vn vn vn j j Jit j «i!n j 0 1 j ♦n- J «+ «|v. 4t- N»w. J|H «!|i» J H|H (P^ j »W J NH j j J vn 53 A |>

Cft

c

9

ry

B

8

F^4

Od O

=r rr T

n

V

5 *

3

O

c

EL

n

n

o

0

Z

H

S»

n

O

o

3

3

o

o

n

3

o'

rr

o

8.

c

8> M

O

CJ

0

8 *

Z

Si

1

O

a

cr

r&

p

o

D

CL

H- -

(W

r-N

X3-

a

C-P

M

6

.8

Q

A

oo

O

Q

14th Year.

r'SO DC ' W' 1st mm

. . p 'O 004. o M vj CNvn 1-1 O 004 <

>w vO cr.vi cm

15' O'.....!»..... ZiL'

?5v« '3:??5?' '?'3?°°cocD = Bo55?,o = = r?CDC9?9go||l=i|l'|||

..... 1 ' 1 1 1 '''< 1 1 >....... 1 ..... . (rgo 8 ^>^2

n c /-x. n. zv

1 1 1

1 1 1 1

1 1 1 1 1 I 1

111114 I < I

I I I I I I I I

I I I t,

I I I |

< I I It I I |

I I I I

I I I I I

1 HC 1 H

o o ' O

PS?? £5/O'

g -

c£ n» S O wg

5 0 ca r> x E. 5 5

‘ . 2 >S: 2.S-i f

STs

9

0= §

o " n

o o t

o o I

R

cn ~ K>

(M U) MUJ — *

VO v» 0"J O O

Oncm I- 00 bovn vj O

11 m 111111111111111 m 11111111111111111111) 11 s jT-i-s ir§ 1 §

v»vi vi 00 I V) |

— . I o I I ovo I I

o

u

E?

M|iiiriiSiii|iiiiim5$,f|,||i|,s,m,|,|

________° 0 o o 00 0000 00

I lal I I I I ?| U I I I I I I I U . I U. U U |

VO

ce)vj

VO VO

COS erH-j

C-' 00 ceS «!w

Cn Cn CO

et|. w|m 4i«

I u u

4 cn

co|m ce(ui

OO

VI

VO

O

cn

I I~ I I I I I I I I I

M M

— Oo vO vi

4 M

vi Os v-n v-n

Vl

I I I I I I I I I I I ® " I |

vi

0 I

I o

II

O M

w w

Ovvi 4 vl VO Vl

11 11

N -

to VO

m u

0 I vo

1 I

I I

I I

00 VO

| VA j 08

1 Wi

I I

o

hi

sa-

fe *

ft

|| I I I 1 1 I HI I M I I III III I I I I || | ,

11 m is-i .....111 n m iEi^i 111E11111 1

CM CM

o 1 b

o 1 O

o O

cn Cr»

Vl 1 O'

1 CDjM

4!m

VI

On

D

N

Vl VI

b -4

M

VO

Vl

1111 ri 1111111111111111111111 f 1 &i~i11 r 11111s1

VI Vl I |

____________________ I I

VI

CN

z

e *

r

r

M I 11 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I«« | | 11 | 0 j

® O ft

1 111i£ii111111111111111111m11111111m 111 m

CO

v|

On

v-n

* CM M ih

1111 fl 1II1111111111111111 Vl 1 I 1 1 1 1 1 1 11111:11 O OV 1 1 1 1 J

1 1 1 1

Co

o

te

Co

n *

b

Vl

Vl

O

vo

r I 1 I I! 1 II 1 1 II 1 1 II I I l«o>r?>?rr

ONiOOOO N4 00 000C

o 00000000000 O <1 o 00000

o 00000000000____;_______________^ 4 < o o o o o

ON

CM

flw

00|v»

O' Ov On On On On On On O Ocn . vn lh vo vo \n vn vyi sn

4 4^v>j m mm mm 0~ o O OO cn Qsvn who vi A w,

| flNMv- «4 ' | | | | »|MtBhtt|MM|>ll |hf|HeBW

4 w M to

— CCCM CO vo VO V|

0000

0000

NO Vl VO Vl

Vivo OCN

CO . si-K -|

o

o

oe

vo

2 I

CM

VO

►-^vo-fW Ovvo vo vo OcCM SO ON VI cm O vn n| O v» M NUl 4 On © — M 000VO

0 CSV! O CO c On O M O »

1 I 0 I V- I I I 5 I 0 11111111111

11111111111111111111

NNNNwNNNtlMM-

— O V< O NO WJ 14 N CM vn CM ON

vb w a vo w 4 vo o a o

0 oc vi a: O \o vo O o. -m cm

CM M4wCM o N-n o&O O 0CCM rnm

1 vi J no fcnj WHO NO '

I I I I I I I I I I I I

41.4k M 3 »" M M to M M — tOCMCMCMCMCMCMCMCMCMCMCMCMCMCMCMCMCMCM M s> (O . , .

V 'O N OvN^N 00 00 M VI VM OO^J U vo 00 00 00 00 XJ 00 VI Vi 4 X OOVO 0 4 0on| X4 M I I I I I I [ [ I

ui o o o o o e fbo o o^i o o oobo o ovnv), ovn o o owiv. 0004 1 1 1 1

‘ ----- ~~OOOOQOo ~ ~ ——

_ - - O w ~

000000000

04 0000000

oooocoooo

_ 0 X Oo 0 o Vivo Ovn o O n cr» N-n O

oooo ‘ "000000000000

N

0 o -4 o o 0 000

CN Cn On On O Cn On ©\ On On On On Cn 0\cn ld Os On On On On Onv-o n^ wi no n« wt wi wi w« y/i Nn vft 44444 K> — M — — — o O OOVO 0 0 o - 0 — NO O VC O C vn NO ooOnwicmv-t,

44M4lwC6luu4|w«4iH»<|M 4wH|HelNft4|M«a|hjeB|w» |»-i4|H4 lN-'Hw.ce|MCD|»-rco}w

oolift oolM99|NA OcdH 41m ON 41mw|moo|vi

o

On

o

41-

colvl

11 f 11111111

o

OV

o

N

o

o

CM

m -4 'wi o vn N N Vi O OnsO Ocm^vm n cm mcmN»-0 o - - w N 'OvCM M M4VOVOO NVI^W X N Vl -vo "

u N Nd NJ O N Wl vft Cl H

_ nvo4 m CCCm On n wi 01 ci

0 C^CM oc 9 04 o - 04 o o M 4 VI Nl Cm p ► VM O avi - >0 ONQ 4 na wi

L.VI MVi o vi cn vft 4 N XV| Nfl o 00 vj cm O M 0\N Qvivi On 0 VI qnvi O O n

I I I I I I I I I ! I

I N " O I I I

until

I O I I I o I oo» I OMO I oo«« I OM O I I I I I I I I I I I I I ol I ol I I II I i ovl I I I

ILU

CM O

o o

I I I I I lb|b|b|b|b|b|bbIbo|

o o o o o " ~

o o o o o

o

o

o

o

o o o o

o o o o

1 8 1 8 1 1 8 8 1 8 1 1

o o o o o

1 ON Cn W1 V/i Nft Wl Wl v-n W1 cn W| Wl Ul v-n wi mS v-n

1 Cm O CO VI . 00 00 . OO ^4 Vl 1 VI JN 4 04 VM Cm K1 Ki

1 1 1 1 1 On J J 1 1 1 M|m 1 1 colw. . I j 4lw 1 4- HIM 1 - 1 1 1 1 1 oqImcc|m 1 1

1

'P

H M CM Cn Cn cn Cn cn cn cn on cn cn Cn cn Cn cn cn cr.

o CN NO . 1 Vl 00 00 OO 4 1 V| 1 VI CN 4 . CM CM CM M 1

CM 1 1 1 »1 T1 1 1 1 1 I 1 1 O' o I'4 1 1 cn O O v» I CM O 1 1 O 1 O 1 1 00 I 1 1

cn Vl O cn 1 o vo 1 1 1 o £ 1 1 1 cn cn Cn TJ HJ

1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 t

VI On 4 4 Cj cw d Cm cn CM CM CM CM CM CM CM CM CM CM CM CM CM CM CM CM CM CM CM CM 4014444444 -4 4k .4 4 4 4 4c 4k o9 kJ

P O NO - M M N CM oc oc OO 00 OOVO OO vO >0 00 NO 00 CO 00 OC NO VO 00 O vo VO 0 OC — — K> — - — to N CM N M — — ►X 1 £ ~YL. 0'

NWl cm O Nwn wj on b o o o o v-n O VI o o OO O Vl O O NWi 14 O Vl O cn o 0 cn 0 0 M O' 4 Ocn b b b O cn cn Nn f 2T £ u

o O oc C CM O o o o o o O o o o o o o o o o o o o o o O o o O 0 0 V O O VO O O 0 0 0 0 O O O O

oc 0 4-0 O o o o o o o O o o o o o o o o o o o o o o O o o O OOOO O O -r- O O 0 c 0 O O O O O

o 4 M M - N ►» M N N M o N N la ts) M U N M N M K) u M M K> w M W N M M N to N to N N N to fc> to 14 H c

N/l vo M no o O o O CM CM CM CM Oi cm cm Cm Cm VM CM VM Cm Cm Cm Cm Ni C/J Cm Cm VM M CM M Cm CM OM vm V Cm Cm CM CM Cm Cm CM CM U

1. V| — <0 CM — Caj Cm Cm cm M 'Vl K> Cm m d 4 U " 4- Cm M NO o 4 — V On k> Ci ft N to M L, Cm to O O b b m td / \

vO 4 O CM vi cn N V14 M CO O ON-n CM O OO W w Cm vn CM O - OO O VM Nft Vl On On - -4 Cm 10 J- N O O — i 0 0 — CM rJ

4 Nvn m Cm CO-M V/l O 00 Onvi vl CM N 00 VI CM vi M O vo O VI VI CN O VJ ON vi cn CM Nn M -4 CC- N Vft ''I - 0 0 CM O &

— J tm u J 1 — M 1 1M M 1 - - I I 1 M 1 1 I 1 r3

VO Cm M O v-n N I cn cn O 0 vo O v-n O O N o O M VJ o O cn 0 VI 0 1 cn 1 cn 1 cn O O cn 1 cn 1 w.

1 VO O 1 1 e 11 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 IUII CN O' 1 1 1 1 1 1 OvI 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 I II 1

3

v

P

at

O

Stz

'ii.wn.iq.ijj oSz

‘III '030

14th Year. The Annual Account of the Commissioners for the fccduction of the National Debt — continued.

2 c° Februarii.

A. 1800'

"j |^> I I I | 1 I'M II ^1'°'° I n II I I I I

L, '.ILL,o LLLLo — -i -sail

M I M M < 1 * " _

M io -< - rr> try M mm OO OO N VO qsoO N t - OwO O' 1 f

— r^oo rv. Q\ r> f'- ~ ^oo n rs r^vo so into r^oo vO r^.oo «£

00 VO NO vr» vrxOO WVO ts» mvO sO vO «. «. #« m

m > m M > M mm mm mm mm " < f\J N N N H N rl

TTTTTT^sl i rT[X!1

IA uo O U-N O

2 IT — iffl 2 wo^2 2--2fo

N OO 1^00 UA-O V;1 n N N CO P vO O', o

O'on n o rL ~ u-, - irr'^o

?fO L^N <; c> OS 0^ JJ

- - - — i , / - »; - - - - n C .;

NWNNnNC<n^^", NN^^NN^n

OO

N

IS

4-

CO

o

- j

f° 2 - sT^"« 8 2 O § 5 8 O. r-

1 1 1 " 1 I 1 <

1 o 1 i O O 1 H u-i 1 «1 «A -1 o in ~l fv O O O

m vO N VO o VO vO OV Ov vO

nill

11111 i

Ox

TT

o

C\

o

0

1

>o

rss

CN

6

Mlf Ml® l Ml® l.l 1- N O

try O vo vO NO vo VQ

o 9 O o . o O O o . o

8i| |1 o o_ M 1 §1 o o

,ui:i 11111 r 11 M

| T» I -t — -

m rf ''T O O - -

iO VO VD VO MO VO vQ vQ vQ vQ \Q x<^ — _________

oooo oooor>oooo~-.

I ° I 8. §> I I I 8 I S. I & 8 1 8. I & I 8 I 8 I 8 I 8 I 8 I q I -> «c I »I I j 1

mm mm t-m ^m" " " " *

> - -

TTTl i i l i I I I I iTTTl

2| I 2 I — I 2 I — I - I

«?« 'C'°. <? t 5-5 -T

rN:?82:r«s^- - -

111 f f 1111.111111 f IIII a 1111

4 c

"1:1111111111 f 1111111111

H nH« 00

Hh'0 /+»

N N frirr^«MAiAiANKt\rN(>^C0'O

VOvC'OVO'C'OvO^O'O'O'OvO'C sQ nQ sQ VQ nQ OOOOVO

OOqOOOO — ,.. .

^0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0,0 0 0 0 0 00?. | , T | j I I

N ^t-ao — 'O O' oo roNf<OwiNO\V'h H^I I I I I 1

NfO«rrjtA- -«rAfn,^NNN ' N N

11 in1

1

2 I

rs o

* is *

O' ts.

11111

1111 '°'° i i.TTi 111 nrrnr I n ° i

2-2 1 -| 2-N2 -2 2^2 2 I -o-

'RJT^SS 8 C S »£. 5^^, Soco :c:r«.

5^0 t > tf-o.'O'O - n'O. 2 2 o doo O o o - o - - „

VO ~ 2^2^ S N N N -

; O O

m> +

;®- H ,-h'sjHb

o vo 'Cf?jo_o o_o 2L--^'o 8 8 8 rC 2 -

O o O O U u ' ~ ~ ____

O on OOOOnnn sTpOOOO O O O o y vy w.

I / I t + i i , cnUr'c°°oon^ £.v^ oooonoooov, uoooo^xdo

I I I " I ~l l l I rZ "vrT ® 1Tso ooooeoooomo^oouc>0-«

- - 1 1 1 1 d- +

rrjN r com mmtnrfootnmrnwfnfcr^ffnfn^m- mro

O

v/ . -> «n

o o o 1-0

ro N 40

I1 " ! , 2 I , I , I I I I II I I

I I I I I I I I I I I $ I I I I 1 I I I l^ls.1 I M I I II If1 1

----- ----- ----- ----- ----- --5=-=;--- TTT , ? I I I i I l I I I I 1 1 1 1 1 I I

llllfllllfl&'fllllllll'olval I I I I I I 1-° 1 ' ~

- - ----‘ — ' 1 ‘

I I I I I I I II 1 I I | | J I I | / I I j I I / I I I II I 1 1 1 ! 1 1,2

I H — ~ ~tt ----- --i ----- --- nr--n

I n^i ii in/ii^i 111 iluifi 1111 nil 11 a 11111'

VO h? N VO

r t^o o

tn N °

I I l?l I I ! I I Ifi-lsi nf, n , |f, III ,3 I SSI I Kill

' "o P P q

- 11 ll§.|j|Mii|i ilii i imiiniiiiiililiii^iji

? I L ~ " 1 I]

s11111 ° 111 fi 1111111111111111111111 u; iJ i

« IS i/

O' «eh V *

N fO

O

o

O N ro

H« +♦ h|» >~i09 1 . — i —

'Sl'SlIIvtlTolltllglli^ifiii I

- I

O I >o

11 § 111111111111111 ii 411111111 h i111 111 1 11 [[ J_

vO 'O tn m n -rrr^-rr

sifTTI.

o O »n O — VO

O rt ^nO X

O NO rn O'

L I III I I I I I I I/I IJ ] j J j I I I I I M I I I N 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1

CiO

rt

P

i. ....

&A cVbeOSSCSOORtJCbBU

* — Oc uoo©ooco->OoOO&®

111111111111

00 ' 1

1 1 1 I I I I I,

I I I I I CO

i i i o

I I

S g !T>P

oaoooottootiDc/octooootiaooooaijts^ s^S.°» £5

oooocooOoooo°oooocao©oOo©oo^o lj2 Co n C ri 3 -

|l» , «»ii 'i'i«i»i »i |iers s;LSs>a-£ 2

c — a. ir vo 3 — -

I «... .....I I > I i I..I iIm' -<3

c>s 'o b b

J VO 4c So

CM C/s cn

CO b - bj

»4 - SO M

Cm ^4-oo

1

Cfi 1 SO os

CM > 1 1

t4

Cm cn 00 ^c

4c s^-» cn so

b b vi Cj

O 0 0 0

O 1 O 0 0

'» »» I till

» I I t I t I I I I I I

-' I 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 i i

' g-o *

..... os

.....t? -! s- *

Vn

4

111111111111 m 11

O MM

Ow w 4k. n i- o - P > O O

1111 ii11111111111111111111 m islltFsili

CnSO I I M Cm I |

UUU 1 I

o

n

h.

5»

I I I I 111 I U I ? I I I ?| 2-|

1 1 '? 1 ( 1

8

I 1 1 ?| 1 1

111111; 11 m 11111111111111111

o o o

;: i"i i ii i-i 11°i n

INvsi OiVsi c I

O

o I I

i i-r 171 ri f 111-1111 m 11 i 11 ?f i v i

° 1 1 1

1 1 1

1

VA Vq

OC M

Ii 8 §!,§,f 1 1 I >> I 1 1 1 I I I I II I v 1 I I I I I I I I

Mil

o

o

o

Vi

o

J_

1 Lilli 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 11 1 1 1 1 1 I I I 1 1 I I I II U I I I I 1 1 £ 1

to 00 CM cm VI 14

as SO 4. 4c |4

O C CM cm 1 1 8 u

VJ N 1 1 1

On Os 1 1 1

VO C\ On

O M CO

OOOO

OOOO

I I i loI I I I I I I I I I I I

8

I I I I I II I I I!I I I 11 I 1 I I |I I I I I I - I

I I

__________________!_______________I_

I 1 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I-]I 1 I II I

I_LLLi LJLLLLLLLL111111 11111111111111111111 m 111111

00

o

VI

U U M

00 00 Co —

N V] VO H

Os o N

M M w

O cn cn o

iim:iiiiiiiiimi

Cn

O

I I I I I I I I I I I ! I I I I I I I I IjI I I ! I I I

NV| sjlw

VJ N \J OJ OO'-n to — si I N A M a . . . t'X'f>!'^'"^!'<x444 m44444cm4

8 8 S'Z 8 8 8 gl 8 8 8 8 1 I * I b

_oo 08888 888 888 8282882282P2e°oo

I I I i

Cs O Os O' Cs O OS O' Os Os O Cs On O O > M M M -OQ - -

cc, vi eojui 14 *

I I

OvjoOOOOGOOOO 0^0 OOOO OOOO

o o

CD|HC0^C3^J

11

oooo'vo ocrO'-o-o C"n vi o o cs

o M M M K) N O (v o OvO^OO ° —

Iltlllll I I I K'i',»!H«eNt^®l- lw

Os

N Oj V| Cm V| cn

O - M O V)

Cm O c. 00

cn VI 0 + N

_u 4 so V| N

CM 00 O cn O

CO VI GO SO N

CM M CO SO Cs

* — — N

O O Os 0 M O CM

'O O

04 Os Cm 4 00 CO

05 N OCcn O 0 vj

lilo

00O CN

- — 1 w. C V» N I I

j Sn ON OC I O VI O I I

- ' I ~

<p psp> Cn Q £ *

N U OS . __

Os OC I O >4

4 Cs Cscm vi JOS Osvj si nj \)na Os OO Os

sn bso o - - — vj o — b 4. m >o

CO Co

I 0 I

JJ I M II N in

b CM 0 4c 0

Kt SO N-n On M

CM M cO Nt

Ik c> b b VI

VJ 0 00 4 4

O 0 4 Cl

I|f|||flfl||l4 so' oovi 4 OC a CXCm d 04- 0^04

» I I I I I I I I I CM Ci Vn Os VI Nn V| (j N> JN X CS 00 wO u so

I cn 4 cn Q I 0 O O cn cr, ca cn nM

_______________ I I O. I I I I I I I I M I OON

I I I I

— VI O'SO O.cn 00 OS4^ M VI 14 M VM |4 00 CM

— 0 O so OOOOc/iOOcn cr» 00000000-^00000000 ° o Q Q 5 Q Q 0 cn OOOOQOOOO

OnOnUsOsOsOcC^UsCT' OsOSCsOS^vOnO'OS

— — NN — — — w

IMm 0D^infvCt^C^v.0B|w«

I l osI I I 12 I I I I U I

b - O O O o O b o o o n n (s b v v

p opppoooo OOOOMOOOO OQOOOO o o o

o

O

o

o

o

o

HIm

OsOsOsOsC C OnOsO'OsOnOnOsOs Os Os cri

MK)., - m K) vO

ccHnin^jbIh^ M«CoHH|h j I n|ui ( I I I IH 1 I I I I I

a v Mw wN + I I I I I I I I 1 I

VI

o

On Cm On

-P O M

v»

SO

W M

1 1 " 1 1 M 1 1 II

cn O SM K» 1 1 1 I 1

w I CM 4 VI I 6 6

OS 1 J' ' — M

vp 1 so Os vj cn 1 a

CM NO 4 4c 4 > 0 vj 1 On VJ

cn 1 \ ao Cm OC Cm Cn O O O

4 1 1 CM O CM 00 00 O O O

p 5>P 'P P 'f M 00 VJ 5 viJ VI oviil OS

P QOOOO — Cl p Os«l» 4 DO vj — Ci VI vb O 0"0 O'Ci 00 O Cm 14 VJ

O QSTI Cm Kt CM o o cr\ o

4 M O cs 4 vi oo O O -f a CM VJ

1 On u

1 so 11

Os |

O O

MMJ4MI4M — mmmmmn

V| VI Oven Vj so VI OsVI Os Os O M V SO

— vi b"V> n N O - vo sn Os «1» , .

VI O'CM O O'OOM ON0 " O0C-U O I P I I I I I 'O

OMOOsOOOOP^VaMOOOO,) I I I I 00 1 I I I I — I

1 o SAVA CM I I Cm <vn 0 N-n |

LLLI min 11 u i 11 i

i i i i

CM '.O

SO so

«(vt

j <+ v|.n j

en On

VO O

Wm

O

cn

SO SO

I-'"I

I 0,1

o

so

I ""I

LliilllLlliif'r'i's'i'r'i1';

I I

cn

so

1 J

cn cm

SO so

I IM I «otv»

cn Cs Os V/l VA CJs \s\ cn

so , O O NO SO O ''J v|

tolM 1 1 1 1 1 + |

J W!m «;«

CM sp O so O sp

Cs Cm Z O «« CM 4

cO 0 VJ Cn VJ so ~

14 SO CM Os CM N 4

- 1 m Pm

00 v» Cn y cn cn sn

0 01 1 1

V»

vyj

cn

SO

I I M I I I - |

.N I I

II I I I I I I I

V — — h»

Ci CO VJ SJ b

cn 4 Os 0

— 4 NO NO VJ

On b cn b so

P 00 O 4 VI

Cm 00 SO OC

4 — pm

CM SO b b b»

VI so 4 00 4

NA CS cn 4 so

SO VI VI 14

u pm SO N OO

Cm VI 4 00 Cm

Pm 1 M

vn 1 nO OS O

v-n -U 1 1

I I

cn „ SO

v»

cn

so

V *

cn

Os Os vi vo Cs CM|oJvi|^|U|os|V *

I cr, s^i Cn Cn o Va

J I I I I I I

O

u

0

1

L ST 9 o V) 0 ^0 Osv^. O O - sn

9 2 a £^4 00000000

QPOOOONnQ O 0 o O O O O

4^CjWU4ci- .|a4

1 C. Cl to to CM CM C#J CM Cm Cn v^ V^i v^i 4 4 -

o cm on o e b cs o c o b b bo VA bo b b ~cr V. - b c o v i cV. bs

OOOO O OC K» O o »; OviOG 000 OOOO O OOOO OOOOCOOOOQcmCOOcOOOOCO 00000

MNMMMM»4 4K>»4|4V3N|OKlkla.

SO 0C 4C p OSCSOV, VI OspvJ sj O' O'VJ OS

b cn O' 4- b C^O O OC Oc -k. L b O' k no 4 '-r> "X 4- O vi c tv Osv^» O Cs 0 ^1 4 .

VJ Cm OC VJ U CM 4| Cm n/. vt NSOCm'vJ q

n O cn vi o cn 1 I Cs 0 0 0 N 0

O I I O' 1 I 1 1 sC t I I os I

M M

VI VJ

‘ SM V|

OC O

I o I I I

V 5 5^ P kp1 5> 0'-V4 V. vi ^V» VI O p 4 SI Nj 'J NJ O'O'O'-nJ

" X L-b O nC CM VJ SO CM b O OO - Ol NJ v 'b'-ll NSC 00 SO CM

O'

0 tc

1 o

! I

Os O On X On^i — C'0Cc/4-cnc»j . O Os o G -P O no m t4 N ctncm 4^ Oo

t>CM «- tN» 'O OO SO CM

4^ 04 to 00 '> On O vt, — o

VI XN 4s Os 4 Cf-NO OQVI NO

vr. w, o I 2.

I M M I I.

Lzz,

0 Ov, I I N O 0 O v, w, vi O'V U

1 M M ell I I I I I I I I 1 0,0,

nuvruqzj CS z

Ui

c

3

o

cl

r

r

Co

n

Li

T5

5 *

S?

s;

n

o

(/)

c

3

50

rt

G-

Cft c

3

o

3

o

-o

C

n

b>

HI 'oaO

to

K>

00

14th Year- — 77/<? Annual Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt — continued.

250 Februarii. A 1800.

40 Geo. III. 250 Februarii. 229

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Tabic, this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker's to be perused by the Members of the House. Chamber.

Rochdale Ca- Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire presented to the House, nal Bill, pre- according to Order, a Bill for better enabling the Com-leoli:d‘ pany of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal to raise Money

v for completing the said Canal, and to vary the Line of

the said Canal, and to alter, explain, and amend the Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Yarmouth A Bill for continuing the Term of Two Acts One

Haven Bill, made in the Twelfth Year, and the other in the Twenty-comumte . Year, of the Reign of His present Majesty, for

clearing, depthening, repairing, maintaining, and im-t proving the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth, and for depthening and making more navigable the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven, and preserving Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire; and also for building a new Bridge over the Haven of Great Yarmouth; and for altering and enlarging the Powers thereof, so far as the same relate to the said Haven and Piers, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. , Mr. Act ley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

'Halifaxand Mr. Henry Lafcel/cs reported from the Committee, to Bridge KoaJ« w^om ^'e Petition of several of the Trustees appointed Petition, re- for the Care and Management of the Turnpike Road petted. leading from Halifax, and from Bridge, in the County of York, by F to Burnley and Little-borough, in the County of was referred; That

the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where , the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the said Road, were read: — And,

Mr. John Greenzvocd, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money, which Rill remains due and owing, and the same cannot be repaid, neither can the Interest thereof be regularly paid, or the said Road effectually amended, and kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be enlarged, and the Tolls thereby authorized to be collectc-ed increased, and some further and other Powers and Authorities given for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending, the Roads from the Town of Halifax, and from Sowerby Bridge, in the County of York, by Fodmorden, to Burnley and Littleborough, in the County of Lancaster:And that Mr and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Marion tn- A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields an<^ Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Parish of mme. Mart on-wit h - Grafton, in the County of York, was read

a Second Time.

Refulved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet Vol. 55.

A Petition of the Right Honourable George Wynd- Wreffeil in-ham, Earl of Egremont, and the humble Petition of the ' several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Estates, within the Town ships of IVrefjell,

Loftfome, and Brind, or one of them, in the Parish of Wrefell, in the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within thfc said Townships, several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pallures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, which lie intermixed, and in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be very advantageous to all Parties interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed, and a Compensation made in lieu of all the Tythes in the said Townships: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes above-mentioned, under such Restrictions and Regulations as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petitlori of John Bacon Saw Morritt, Esquite, Egbrough, and others, whose Names are thereto subscribed, Pro- p^.^lolure prictors of Estates in the Vills or Hamlets of High Egbrough, Low Egbrough, Sh&wood, Hutgreen, and moor, in the Parish of Kellington, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That within the said Vills or Hamlets there are certain Open and Uninclosed Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Wades, called Egbrough Field,

Middle Field, Little Field, Hutgreen Field, Egbrough,

The lngs. Little Common, Middle Moors, Fuffiing Moor, and Sleets, or by other Names, and containing 500 Acres, or thereabouts, which lie intermixed and dif-perfect, and are not, in their present State, capable of much Improvement, and it would be of Advantage to the several Proprietors thereof if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares allotted to the several Persons interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes above-mentioned, subject to such Orders and Regulations as the House shall judge proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Henry Lascelles and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for amending, altering, improving, and keep- Witney, &«. ing in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road Roads. ^J1 in Witnessto the Turnpike Road on Swerford Heath, tommin and also the Road leading from the Turnpike Road from Woodflock to Birmingham, through Charlbury, to

the Turnpike Road from Chipping Norton to Burford, all in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Fane, Lord Charles Spencer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Samuel Gardiner, Esquire, Lord of Whitchurch the Manor of Whitchurch, in the County of Oxford, and tIi"^]"[ure Pe‘ of several other Persons, Owners of Inclosures, and also of the several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, in the Parish of Whitchurch aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pasture Lands and Grounds, and Waste Lands, which lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and in their present State are incapable of any considerable Improve-' 3 N ment.

IveU he fter Roads Bill, committed.

Bythom Inch Hue Bill, patted.

Ramsey, &c. Drainage Petition *

i __

230 250 Februarii. A. 1800.

tnent, and it would be advantageous to the Persons interested therein, to have the same divided and inclosed, and specific Parts allotted to them, according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Fane and Lord Charles Spencer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for more effectualfy amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Town of Ivelchester, in the county of,

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. son, Mr. Gore Langton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

so borrowed as aforesaid, and also some other Debts which they hive incurred, and it is necessary that some Alterations and Amendments should be made in the said Act, so far as the same relates to the embanking the said Upper District or Division: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bili for amending and making more effectual the said Act, so far as the same relates to the embanking the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the said Upper District or Division, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Frederick Montagu, Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook, &c.: And they are to meet

Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Bythorn, in the County of Huntingdon, was read the Third Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That Lord Frederick Montagu do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

1

A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds lying within the Parish of Ramsey, in' the County of Huntingdon, and in the Parishes, Townships, or Hamlets, of Doddington, Benwick, and Chatteris, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was pafifed, in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for embanking, draining, and preserving, certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon, and in the Parishes of Doddington, March,

and Chatteris, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and for amending the Road from a certain Bridge, in the Parish of Chatteris aforesaid, called. Carter's Bridge, by a Drain called Vermnydens, or The Forty Feet Drain, to a Bridge called The Forty Feet Bridge, in the said Parish of Ramsey, and that, by the said Act, the said Lands and Grounds are divided into Two separate Districts, or Divisions, with rel'ped to the repairing and keeping in Repair the several Outward Banks therein particularly described, and are therein called by the Names of The Upper D or Division, and The loiter DislriEl or Division, and separate Commissioners are appointed for embanking the said Upper District or Division, with Power to alfefs and rate all the Lands and Grounds being Private Property within that District, except such as in the said Act are excepted, in any Yearly Sums of Money, not exceeding in any one Year, except in the First Year after the passing of the said Act, One Shilling per Acre, to defray the Expence of embanking; and that the said Commissioners have proceeded in the Execution of the Powers vested in them, and have caused the Banks of the said Upper District to be repaired from Time to Time at a considerable Expence, and that the Money, authorized to be raised as aforesaid, hath been found insufficient to defray the Expence of repairing and keeping in Repair the said Banks, and on that Account the Commissioners have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the said Rates and Taxes, which still remains due; and that the said Banks are become of late greatly decayed, and it is necessary that an additional Tax should be laid on the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, to enable the Commissioners to repair the said Banks, and pay off the Money

A Petition of Sir William Forbes of Craigicvar, Ba- Aberdeen ronet, Andrew Skene of Dyce, Arthur Dingwall Fcrdyce Ko.j, Pcti-of, Culjh, Andrew Robertson of FoRobert tlon‘ of Menie, John Chambers of Tillery, Alexander Younger, of Lairnie, Lewes Innes of John

Burnett of Elrick, John Ramsay of Barra, John Forbes of Upper Boyndlie, Thomas Leys of Forcfl, John

Dingwall of Ardo, Lord Provost of Aberdeen, Alexander Frafer of Fraferfield, John Gordon of Craigmy rles

Innes of Ballogie, Patrick Milne of J.hi

Niven of Thornton, Alexander Rcof George Ogilvie of Auchiries, and EFrafer of hill, Esquires, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Powers and Regulations, granted and prescribed by an Act, p lfled in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for making and repairing certain Roads, in the County of Aberdeen, having been found ineffectual lor that Purpose, it would tend to the Public Accommodation, and Advantage of the County of Aberdeen, if the same was repealed, and a new Act granted, for continuing and enlarging the Powers, and for amending, widening, and improving, other Roads, in the County of than those

specified in the before-mentioned Act, or if the same was altered and amended; and that, besides the Roads particularly mentioned in the said Act, upon which Tolls have not hitherto been levied, the Road from Peterhead, in the County of Aberdeen, to Banff, in the County of Banff, passing through the Parishes of Peterhead, Longftde Saint Fergus, Crimcnd, Lcnmay,

Aberdour, Tyrie, Old Deer, New Deer,

Garnery, Fordyce, Alva, Fyvie, Forglen, King Edward, Inverkeithny, Drumblade, Auchterless, and Banff, the Road from the Burgh of Newburgh to in the said County, passing through the Parishes of Foveran, Slains, Elion, Logie, Buchan, Met hi'-e,

Udny, Old Meldrum, and Eourty, the Road from Fraserburgh to Banff, passing through Tyrie, Rae-

than, Aberdour, Pitfligo, Auchterless, King Edward, Drum-

blade, Inverkeithny, Garnery, Alva, and Banff, the Road from Kinernie to Tarland, passing through the Parishes of

Midmar, Kincardine, O'Neil, Lumphanan, and Tarland, the Road from Peterhead to Fraserburgh, passing through the Parishes of Peterhead, Saint Fergus, Crimond,

Raethan, and Fraserburgh, and the Road from of

Drum, in the Confines of the said County of Aberdeen, to Charleton of Aboyne, passing through the Parishes of Drumoak, Banchory, Tertian, Kincardine, O'Neil, anti Aboyne, are all very much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and in some Places dangerous to Travellers, and cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, by the Method prescribed by Law; and that the Powers and Authorities granted by Law, respecting Highways, Bridges, and Ferries^ and the Services thereby allowed to be exacted in Scotland, on that Account, are not sufficient for making, repairing.

Kklderminster Roads Pe-tiuon.

40 Geo. III. 25 0 Februarii.

pairing, improving, and maintaining, the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, in the said County, and it would be a great Advantage to the County, if Powers were given to erect Gates or Turnpikes, and to levy reasonable Tolls and Duties on all and each of the Roads particularly above described, and upon those Roads upon which Turnpike Gates have not hitherto been erected, or Tolls levied, by virtue of the above-mentioned Act; and also to convert the said Services into Money, and to impole, in certain Cafes, an additional Assessment on the Heretors and Proprietors of Lands, and other Persons, in the said County, for making, repairing, improving, and maintaining, the said Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, and that it would also be a great Accommodation to the Public, and all Persons residing near the Roads above described, or having Occasion to travel along the lame, if they were properly amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill or Bills for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr, William , Mr.

dyce, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Trustees, appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to repeal an Act, of the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House, in the Town of in the County of Worcester., and also to repeal so much of Two Acts, of the Tenth of his Jate Majesty, and the Seventh of His present Majesty, as relate to the Road from the Mitre Oak to a Farm House called Goodness, and from Title Brook to the Hamlet of in

the said County, and to discontinue the Powers of an Act, of the Eighth of His present Majesty, so far as relate to the Road from the of the Hands, near

Goodness Farm, to a Place called The Spout, and for more eff'edtually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads described in the first-mentioned Act, and also several other Roads therein mentioned, and of the Mortgagees of the Tolls and Duties granted by the said Act, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by the said Act, of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, several Tolls and Duties were granted and tirade payable, and divers Powers given, for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, and for putting the said Act in Execution; and that considerable Sums have been borrowed and taken up at Interest on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act, which, together with the Tolls, have been applied in repairing the said Roads, and Progress hath been made therein, but the said Roads cannot be eff'edtually amended and kept in Repair, and the Monies due and owing on the Credit of the said Act be repaid, unless the Term and Powers thereof, and the Tolls and Duties thereby given, be further continued and enlarged, and the said Act made more effectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, of the Seventeenth of His present Majesty, and for altering, amending, and explaining, the fame, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Vol. 55 *

% - - '

And it is referred to Mr. Lygon, Mr. Edward , &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees for the Care of certain Turnpike Roads, commonly called, or known by the Name of, The Hundred House Turnpike Roads, in the County of Worcester, and Mortgagees of the Tolls and Duties arising on the said Roads, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, several Roads leading from The Hundred House, in the County of Worcester, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, are dire died to be amended, widened, and repaired, and Trustees were thereby appointed, and divers Tolls, Powers, and Authorities, given and granted for those Purposes, and considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed, upon the Credit of the said Tolls, for the Purposes in the said Acts mentioned, and which Hill remain due; and that the Money borrowed and due as aforesaid cannot be paid off and discharged, and the Roads comprized, in the said Acts be effectually amended and repaired, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Acts, and for altering, amending, and explaining, the fame, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lygon, Mr. Edward Foley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and Estates in the several Parishes of Stoke-upon-Tern, Hin-flock, and Dr ay ton-in-Hales, in the County of Salop, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,'That there are, within the said Parishes, several Commons or Wastes, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be advantageous to the Persons interested therein if the same were divided into specific Allotments, and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Commons and Waste Lands, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. KynafionPowell and Sir Richard Hill do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Subscribers, Proprietors of Houses, Tenements, and Ground, within the City of Aberdeen, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for opening and making Two new Streets in the City of Aberdeen-, and Setting forth, That the Petitioners, as Proprietors of Houses, Tenements, and Ground, situated in the Line of the new Street proposed to be opened from the South West, find them-lelves deeply and materially injured, both by the Principle and by particular Clauses of the said intended Bill, whereby it is proposed not only to force the Petitioners to fell, by Valuation, as much of their respective Properties as will be necessary for the Street, which is to be Sixty Feet in Breadth, but also to compel the Petitioners to fell, by Valuation, Fifty Feet of their Properties on each Side of the Street, in order to form Building

Areas,

Hundred House Roads Petition.

Stoke-upon-Tern, &c. In dofure Petition.

Petition of Proprietors of Houses, &c. again It Aberdeen Streets Bill.

232

250 Februarii. A. 1800.

Areas, to be feued or fold for a Profit by certain Trustees mentioned in the Bill; and that the Petitioners would not oppose a Bill which had for its Object the opening of a new Street for an Entry to the City of the Breadth proposed, nor object to give up, on equitable Terms, as much Ground as might be necessary for that Purpose, but they conceive it to be contrary to Law and Reason, and dangerous, by Precedent to force Private Individuals to give up their Properties to others for the mere Purpose of making a Profit, to whatever Use or Purpose such Profit may be applied, and yet this is the foie and avowed Object of the intended Bill, in so far as regards the Building Areas; but the Petitioners confide in the House, that they will not fuflfer such a flagrant Violation of Private Property as is proposed by the' intended Bill: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not be passed into a Law as it now stands; and that they may be heard, in Obiedlion to the fame, by Counsel, at the Bar of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Frederick, Lord Ham Rufj'ell, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber i and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Arts, made in the Thirty- committed.' second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty- King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widen- ' ing the Roads from Chapel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Newh and from the Four Lane Ends, near Oakerthcrpe, to AJliborne, and from the Cross Poll on Wirksworth Moor to join the Road leading from Chesterfield to at

or near Longflon, in the County of Derby, and from Self!on to AnnejleyWood house, in the County of Notting-

ham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. pont. Sir Wild am Young, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Tver Inclosure A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Pciuioii. thereto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Heaths, Moors, Waste Lands, and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Iver, in the County of Buckingham, was - prefenfed to the House and read; Setting forth, That

the said Lands and Grounds lie intermixed, and are inconveniently situated with respect to the several Proprietors, and, in their present State, are incapable of any great Improvement; and it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and indofed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their re-lpcdlive Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bernard, the Earl Temple, and Sir Young, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Ko.1,1 iVtttion. Execution Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Swan Inn, at Leather-

head, to the May Pole, at the upper End of the Spital, or Somerset Street, in the Parish of Stoke, near the Town of Guldeford, in the County of was presented to

the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees, appointed in, or by virtue of, the said Acts, have proceeded to put the fame, in Execution, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which Jtill remain due, and cannot be re-paid, nor the said Road properly amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be further continued and enlarged; and that the Tolls authorized to be taken by the said Acts are found insufficient, and it it is therefore expedient that the same should be repealed, and other Toils granted instead thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Povyers, of the said Acts, in such Manner, and under

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Charlton Di-thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and |'rJ^n npe^' ' read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Tithing of tion. Charlton, in the Manor and Parish of Down'on, in the County of Wilts, certain Open and Commonable Fields,

Downs, Meadows, and Waste Lands, held and occupied in l'mall Pieces or Parcels, intermixed with each other, and, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement j and that the Petitioners, and others, are Owners and Proprietors of the said Commonable Fields, Downs, Meadows, and I Valle Lands, and it would be advantageous to them, if the same were divided and allotted, in Proportion, to the Petitioners, and other Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and , Commonable Fields, Downs, and Waste Lands, in the v

Tithing of Charlton, in the Manor and Parish of ton, in the County of Wilt(,under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Dawkins and Mr. Bouverie, of Downton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Durham Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament, for the City of Durham, in the room of Sir Henry Fane Temped, Baronet, who, since his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Defoorough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That tire Order of the Day, for the Third Marine Mmi-Reading of the ingrafted Bill for the Regulation of His ny Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, oe now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

Ordered, That Mr. Wallace do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered,

h.

40 Geo. III.

25° Februarii.

233

rits, Sec. in Scotland.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House rueAftfor' to re °'ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, prohibiting the upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an makingotSpi- Aid, made in this present Session of Parliament, to prohibit the making of Low Wines, or Spirits, from Wheat, or other Sort of Grain, or from Meal, Flour, or Bran, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

jesty, the Sum of Twenty Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds be raised by Annuities.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Contributor to the said Sum of Twenty Millions Five Hundred1 Thousand Pounds shall, for every One Hundred Pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to the Principal Sum of One Hundred and Ten Pounds in Annuities, after the Rate of per,

to commence from the 5th Day of January 1800, and to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, the £.3. per Centum Annuities consolidated by the Acts of the 25th, 28th, 29th, 32d, and 33d Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and by several

Terms for

ralfing the lame.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they subsequent Acts, and to be payable and transferable at

reported.

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to' the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second

the Bank of England, at the same Time, and in the same Manner, and subject to the like Redemption by Parliament, as the said £.3. per Centum Consolidated Annuities are payable and transferable there:

That every Contributor shall likewise be entitled to the further Principal Sum of Forty-seven Pounds in Annuities, after the Rate o(£. 3. per Centum, to commence from the 10th Day of October 1799, and to be added to, and made One joint Stock with, certain Annuities after the Rate of £.3. per Centum, which were reduced from £.4. to £.3. per Centum, by an Act made in the 23d Year of the

Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally Reign of his late Majesty, and to be payable and trans-

The Lords have agreed to

Tilbrooke In-clciure Bill.

I flip Inclosure Bill.

ferable at the Bank of England at the same Time, and in the same Manner, and subject to the like Redemption by Parliament, as the said £.3. per Centum Reduced Annuities are payable and transferable there:

That the said Annuities after the Rate of £. 3. per Centum and £.3. per.Centum, so to be payable as aforesaid, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and , Mr. of, the Consolidated Fund, or any 6ther Duties and Re-

put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-grofied.

Wilmot:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Aid for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Tilbrooke, in the County of Bedford; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

venues which shall be appropriated for that Purpose by any Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament: That every Contributor shall, on or before the 28th Day of this Indant February, make a Deposit of £. 10. per Centum on such Slim as he or (lie shall chuse to subscribe towards raising the said Sum of Twenty Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds with the Chief Cashier or Caffiiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank

for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and of England, as a Security for making the future Pay-

Committee on Report respecting Brend, Corn, &c. deferred.

.Account of Fiench Emigrants, ordered.

Report Ways 3nti Means.

Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish in the County of

Northampton-, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Report which was made from the Committee appointed to consider of Means for rendering more effectual the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for better regulating the Assize and " making of Bread," and who were instructed to consider of the most effectual Means of remedying any Inconveniences which may arise from the Deficiency of the lad Crop of Grain: '

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of French Emigrants within this Kingdom, distinguishing the Laity from the Clergy.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order,

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are followeth; viz.

ments, on or before the Days or Times herein after mentioned; that is to say:

£. 1 o. per Centum on or before the 18th Day of April next;

£.10. per Centum on or before the 16th Day of May next;

£.10. per Centum on or before the 20th Day of June next;

£.10. per Centum on or before the 18th Day of July next;

£.10. per Centum on or before the 22d Day of August next;

£.\o. per Centum on or before the 19th Day of September next;

£.10. per Centum on. or before the 17 th Day of October next;

£.10. per Centum on or before the 2id Day cf November next: And,

£.10. per Centum on or before the 12 th Day of December next.

That all the Monies, so to be received by the said Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be paid into the Receipt reported from the of the Exchequer, to be applied from Time to Time to

-Railing a Sum k>y Annuities.

such Services as shall then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament:

That every Contributor, who shall pay in the Whole of his or her Contribution Money towards the said Sum of Twenty Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, at any Time on or before the 20th Day of November 1800, shall be allowed an Intered, by Way of Discount, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, after the Rate of Centum person the Sum

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma- so advanced for completing his or her Contribution re-Vol. 55. 3 O speidively.

as

34 $5 ° FebruariA. i8ool

spectively, to be computed from the Day of completing the same to the 12th Day of December 1800.

Additional Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Duty onWaih. That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of One Penny be charged upon every Gallon of fermented Wort or Walh, brewed or made, in that Part of Great Britain called , for

eitrafting Spirits, for Home Consumption, from any Malt, Com, Grain, or Tilts, or any Mixture with the lame, which shall not be actually distilled into Spirits, on or before the 24th Day of February 1800,

©. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of One Penny be charged upon every Gallon of Cyder and Perry, or any other Walh or Liquor, brewed or made, in that Part of Great Britain called England from any Sort or Kind of British Materials (except such as are beforementioned), or from any Mixture therewith for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, which shall not be actually distilled into Spirits, on or before the 24th Day of February 1800.

O'- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of One Penny be charged upon every Gallon of fermented Wort or Wash brewed or made, in that Part of Great Britain called England, from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, which shall be actually distilled into Spirits on or before the ift Day of June 1800, or which shall have been brewed or made, and which shall not have been actually distilled into Spirits, on or before the 24th Day of February 1800.

D . Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of One Penny Halfpenny be charged upon every Gallon of fermented Wort or Wash brewed or made, in that Part of Great Britain called England, from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, which shall be actually distilled into Spirits, after the ift Day of June 1800.

P . Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Two Pence be charged upon ever)' Gallon of Wash brewed or made, in that Part of Great Britain called England, from Foreign refused Wine, or Foreign Cyder, or Walh prepared from Foreign Materials, except Melasses and Sugar, or any Mixture therewith for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, which shall not be actually distilled into Spirits, on or before the 24th Day of February 1800.

®». . Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty, at and after the Rate of Two Shillings and Eight Pence Three Farthings, be charged upon every One Hundred and Twenty Gallons of Walh, which Sir William Bish Argles Bishop, and George Bishop, or the Survivor or Survivors of them, may pro'-duce from a Weight of Malt, or other Corn, including the Bran thereof, and not exceeding One Hundred and Twelve Pounds, which shall not be actually distilled into Spirits, on or before the 24th Day of February 1800. Additional Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Duty on Spi- That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-frwnSMt- '1 Jesty> an additional Excise Duty of Five Pence Half-land. penny be charged upon every Gallon, Wine Mea-

sure, of Spirits, of a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, made or manufactured in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, which shall be imported or brought from thence into that Part of Great Britain called England, after the 24th Day of Ee-. binary 1800.

D . Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Excise Duty, in Proportion to the Surplus Strength, be charged upon every Gallon, English

Wine Measure, of such Spirits, of a greater Strength than that of One to Ten, over Hydrometer Proof, and not exceeding Three per Centum over and above One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Additional That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- ^mw^ed jesty, an additional Excise Duty of Five Pence Halfpenny from So ! be charged upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, lana-of Spirits, of a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, which shall have been imported or brought from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland into that Part of Great Britain called England, and which, after the 24th Day of February 1800, shall be found in any Ship or Vessel in which the same shall have been imported, or in any Lighter or other Vessel, after the Unshipping and before the Landing thereof, or upon any Quay or 'Wharf upon the first Landing thereof, and which shall not have been charged with the said additional Duty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D». That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional F.xcise Duty, in Proportion to the Surplus Strength, be charged upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of Spirits, of a greater Strength than that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and not exceeding Three per Centum over and above One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, made or manufactured in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and imported from thence into that Part of Great Britain called England.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Excise Duty, in Proportion to the Surplus Strength, be charged upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of Spirits, of a greater Strength than that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and not exceeding Three per Centum over and above One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, which shall have been imported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland into that Part of Great Britain called England, and, after the 24th Day of February 1800, shall be found in any Ship or Vessel in which the same shall have been imported, or in any Lighter or other Vessel, after the Unshipping and before the Landing thereof, or upon any Quay or Wharf upon the first Landing thereof, and which shall not have been charged with the said additional Duty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Additional. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- ?uty.on jesty, an additional Excise Duty of Ten Pence be charged rw> upon every Gallon of Single Brandy which shall be imported into Great Britain, after the 24th Day of February 1800.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D». That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Excise Duty of Ten Pence be charged upon every Gallon of Single Brandy which shall have been imported into Great Britain, and which, after the 24th Day of February 1800, shall be found in any Ship or Vessel in which the same shall have been imported, or in any Lighter or other Vessel, after the Unshipping, and before the Landing thereof, or upon any Quay or Wharf upon the first Landing thereof, and which shall not have been charged with the said additional Duty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D . That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Excise Duty of One Shilling and Eight Pence be charged upon every Gallon of Brandy above Proof, which shall be imported into Great Britain after the 24th Day of February 1800.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Excise Duty of One Shilling and Eight Pence be charged upon every Gallon of Brandy above Proof, which shall have been imported into Great Britain, and which, after the 24th Day of February 1800, shall be found in any Ship or Vessel in which the same shall have been imported, or in any Lighter or other

Vessel,

4Q Geo. III. 25° Februarii.

235

Vessel, after the Unshipping, and before the Landing jesty, an additional Excise Duty of Ten Pence be chirged thereof, or upon any Quay or Wharf upon the first Land- upon every Gallon of Single Spirits, or Aqua Vita; ing thereof, and which shall not have been charged with (other than such Brandy, Rum, or Spirits, as aforesaid) the said additional Duty. which shall be imported into Great Britain after the

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 24th Day of February 1800.

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma- Refol, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Additional jesty, an additional Excise Duty of Eight Pence be That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma-charged upon every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua jesty, an additional Excise Duty of Ten Pence be charged p‘"t,' c' Vitse, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Planta- upon every Gallon of Single Spirits, or Aqua Vitae tions, which shall be imported into Great Britain after (other than such Brandy, Rum, or Spirits, as aforesaid) the 24th Day of February 1800. which shall have been imported into Great , and 0

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, which, after the 24th Day of February 1800, shall be That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- found in any Ship or Vessel in which the same shall have jesty, an additional Excise Duty of Eight Pence' be been imported, or in any Lighter or other Vessel, after charged upon every Gallon Of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua the Unlhipping, and before the Landing thereof, or upon Vita;, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Planta- any Quay or Wharf upon the first Landing thereof, and tions, which shall have been imported into Great Britain, which shall not have been charged with the said act-and which, after the 24th Day of February 1800, shall ditional Duty.

be found in any Ship or Vessel, in which the same shall ResolveThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, have been imported, or in any Lighter, or other Vessel, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-after the Unlhipping, and before the Landing thereof, or jesty, an additional Excise Duty of One Shilling and upon any Quay or Wharf, upon the first Landing thereof. Eight Pence be charged upon every Gallon of Spirits, or and which shall not have been charged with the said act-- Aquae Vita (other than such Brandy, Rum, or Spirits, ditional Duty. as aforesaid) above Proof, which shall be imported

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, into Great Britain after the 24th Day of February That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- 1800.

jesty, an additional Excise Duty of One Shilling and Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D.

Four Pence be charged upon every Gallon of Rum, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-Spirits, or Aqua Vitae, above Proof, of the Produce of the jesty, an additional Excise Duty of One Shilling and British Colonies or Plantations, which shall be imported Eight Pence be charged upon every Gallon of Spirits, or into Great Britain after the 24th Day of February 1800. Aqua Vitae (other than such Brandy, Rum, or Spirits,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, as aforesaid) above Proof, which shall have been im-That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- ported into Great Britain, and which, after the 24th jesty, an additional Excise Duty of One Shilling and Day of February 1800, shall be found in any Ship or Four Pence be charged upon every Gallon of Rum, Vessel, in which the same shall have been imported, or Spirits, or Aqua Vita;, above Proof, of the Produce of in any Lighter, or other Vessel, after the Unshipping, and the British Colonies or Plantations, which shall have been before the Landing thereof, or upon any Quay or Wharf, imported into Great Britain, and which, after the 24th upon the first Landing thereof, and which shall not have Day of February 1800, shall be found in any Ship or been charged with the said additional Duty.

Vessel in which the same shall have been imported, or in Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Additional any Lighter or other Vessel alter the Unlhipping and be- That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- utyon fore the Landing thereof, or upon any Quay or Wharf jesty, an additional Excise Duty of Five Pounds per upon the first Landing thereof, and which shall not have turn be charged upon all Tea which shall be sold at the been charged with the said additional Duty. Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, trading to the East Indies, for Two Shillings and Six That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- Pence per Pound Weight, or upwards, after the 24th jesty, an additional Excise Duty of Eight Pence be Day of February 1800 (or which, having been so fold, charged upon every Gallon of Rum or Spirits, of the shall be found in any Warehouse belonging to the said Produce of the British Plantations, which, on the 24th United Company after the said 24th Day of February Day jof February 1800, shall be in any Warehouse in 1800) to be computed upon the Gross Prices at which which the same shall have been put according to the Re- such Tea shall be, or shall have been, fold.

gulations and Provisions contained in an Act, made in Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Drawback on the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of his Jate Majesty That a Drawback of the Duty be granted upon the Ex- D° '

King George the Second, concerning the Landing of Rum portation of all such Tea sold by the said United Com-or Spirits of tile British Sugar Plantations, before Pay- pany, and exported to any Place where a Drawback of ment of the Duties of Excise, and lodging the same in the Duty on Tea is now allowed by Law.

Warehouses, and which shall, froth and after the said The said Resolutions being severally read a Second 24th Day of February 1800, be delivered out of any such Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

Warehouse or Warehouses respectively for Home Con- agreed to by the House.

fumption, except such Rum or Spirits for which all the Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in upon the Duties due and payable thereon shall have been paid on said Resolutions: And that Mr Bragge, Mr. Chancellor or before the said 24th Day of February 1800. of the Exchequer, Mr. Mr. John Smyth, Mr.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Douglas, Mr. Pybus, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Soli-That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- citor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, an(J jesty, an additional Excise Duty of One Shilling and bring in, the fame.

Four Pence be charged upon every Gallon of Rum or

Spirits, above Proof, of the Produce of the British Plan- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Report on Act tations, which, on the 24th Day of February 1800, shall further Consideration the Report from the Committee of A^e-be in any such Warehouse, and which shall, from and the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of mem with The after the said 24th Day of February 1800, be delivered extending the Term of the Charter of the Governor and f0'n'jye^jitl>et out of any such Warehouse for Home Consumption, Company of the Bank of England, granted and con-except such Rum or Spirits for which all the Duties firmed to them by an Act, made in the Twenty-first payable thereon shall have been paid on or before the said Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

24th Day of February 1800. " An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Go-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, vernor and Company of the Bank of England, for ad-That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- " vancing the Sum of Two Millions, towards the Sup-

Vol. 55.

(C

ply

236 250 — 26° — 27 1800 *

" ply for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven " hundred and Eighty-one," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House!

Ordered, That the said Resolution, together with the Proposal from the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, mentioned therein, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mer cur'd, 2 6° die Februarii;

Anno 40° Georgii III1" Regis, 1800.

Pray ers.

a-Jjourn- GHHE House met, and being counted by Mr- ' Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were

not present; yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr. Speaker took the Chair; and, having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 70 Februarii \

Anno 40 Georgii IIP'1 Regis, 1800.

Prayers.

i.ti-fter ana A PETITION of the Company of Proprietors

aVk Iiuii IVlOvV- of the Navigation from the Navigation

liwfpditiuil." to Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, was pre-

fer, ted to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed, in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making navigable the Rivers /-Freakand Eye, from the Junction of the said River /Freak with the intended Navigation from Loughborough Jo Leicester, at or near a certain Place called Turn-water Meadow, in the Lordship of to Close

Honiestead, in the Parish of Melton Mowbray, all in the County of Leicester, and that the Petitioners proceeded to put the said Act into Execution, and have nearly Completed the said Navigation, and the Works thereby authorized to be made; and that the Estimate for executing the said Undertaking, made by an experienced Engineer, amounted to the Sum of £. 18,125. buL for several Reasons, and principally on Account of the Advance in the Price of Labour, during the Execution of the Works, and the great Damage done thereto by Frost, Snow, and Floods, the Expence' of making the said Navigation and Works was increased beyond the Estimate lb far, that, previous to the said Navigation being opened, the said Company of Proprietors had not only expended the Sum of £. 30,000. which was the whole Sum the Petitioners were, by the said Act, enabled to raise, but had contracted Debts to a very considerable Amount; and that, since the Opening of the said Navigation, the Petitioners have expended, in the Execution of the said Works, all the Tonnages they have, from

v

Time to Time, received, notwithstanding which they are still in Debt, to a very large Amount, and have several Weirs and Backdrains to make, for the Accommodation of the Occupiers of Meadows on the Line of the said Navigation, and several Mills, on the said Line, to alter, agreeable to the Directions of the said Act j and that, by the making the said Navigation, and the Facility of Water Carriage, a Reduction of more than One Third in the Price of Coals has taken place in the Town of Melton Mowbray, and the Neighbourhood, and considerable Reduction has also taken place in the Price of Carriage of all Articles of Merchandize passing upon the said Navigation, so as to make a very important Saving to the Public; and that, in order to enable the Petitioners to discharge the Debts they have unavoidably contracted as aforesaid, and to execute the several Works yet incomplete, so as to render the said Undertaking completely and generally beneficial to the Neighbourhood and the Public, they submit to the House, that it is necessary they should be empowered to raile such further Sums of Money as may be required for the Completion of the said Plan, and, to enable them so to do, it is also necessary and reasonable, that they should be enabled to take an adequate additional Tonnage for a Passage of Coals, Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, upon the said Navigation; and that the said Act hath been found, in several Respects, defective, and requires to be altered and amended: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the several Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall leeni meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edmund Cradock Sir John Mordaunt, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and' Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable Franeis Raw el on AfljfcvWVuU Hastings, Earl of Moira, in the Kingdom of Ireland,

Baron Raw don of Rawdon, in the County of Lord of the Manor of Ashby-eh'-/a-Zouch, in the County of Leicester, Impropriator of the Great Tyth.es, and Patron of the Vicarage and Parish Church of Act: by - de-la -Zouch aforesaid, and a principal Proprietor of ALhinges,

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the iaiil Manor and Parish of Aftiby-de Ia-Zoucand of the Right honourable Robert Earl Ferrers, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, Owners of Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, in respect whereof they have, or claim to have, Rights of Common, or other Interests, in, over, and upon a Common or Waste Ground, within the said Manor and Pa-, rish of Ashby-de-la-Zouch, calied AfM oulds, was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Common or Waste Ground is, in its present Situation, incapable of any confiejerable Improvement, and it would be advantageous to the several Persons intc-rested therein, if the same were set out, divided, inclosed, and allotted, unto anel amongst the Petitioners, and others, according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying. Tint Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting the said Common or Waste Ground, called Ashby IVoulds, in the said Manor and Parish of Zoueh, in the said County of Leicester, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall Icem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And tint Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp and Mr. Keek do prepare, and bring in, the lame. '

Sir

Leicester and Nar borough, &c. Roads Bill reported *

lefceflrr and

Ashby-dela-Zouch Roads Bill, reported.

Cawfton In *

cloi'ure Bill, pieiented.

Sncttifham In clolure Bill, presented.

Brooke Indo-fine Petition *

40 Geo. III. 270 Februarii.

Sir Edmund Cm dock Hartopp reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for more efte&ually repairing, widening, and improving the Roads from the Borough of Leicester, in the County of LeiceJlB-, to the Town of Narborough, and from the said Borough of to

the Town of Earl Shilton, and from the said Town of Earl Shilton to the Town of Hinckley, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the tame to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrossed.

Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of his life Majesty, and in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Borough of , in the County of Leicester, to the Town of,

in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Pjace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Martin Browne Folkes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Warren Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of

Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Marlin Browne Folkes presented to the House,

according to Order, a Bill for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, Two certain Trails of Land, now held and used as Stinted Common of Pallure, within the Parish of Snettisham, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situated in Brooke, in the County of , was presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Pari Hi, several Commons, Fen Grounds, and Waste Lands, containing, by Estimation, 200 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Petitioners are Owners and Proprietors of divers ancient Commonable Messuages and Cottages and Tofts jfbeing the Scites of ancient Commonable Mrfuages) with the Lands, Tenements, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, within the said Parish, and have in respect thereof a Right of Common in and upon the said Commons, Fen Grounds, and Waste Lands; and that the said Commons, Fen Grounds, and Waste Lands, in their present open and

Vol. 55.

uncultivated State, yield very little Profit, but if divided and allotted unto and amongst the several Persons having a Right of Common, or otherwise interested therein, might be inclosed, cultivated, and improved: And therefore praying; That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons, Fen Grounds, and Waste Lands, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a BiH> pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Martin Browne Folkes, Mr. and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons Whole Names arse thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Owners of Estates in the Parish of Dedham, in the County of Essex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Parish several spacious Heaths or Commons, called Dedham Heath, Purney Heath, and Jupiter's Hill, alias Jape's Hill, and also several Open and Commonable Lands called Half Year or Lammas Lands, and distinguished by the Names of The Further Commons, wherein several Persons have, and are entitled to, divers small, detached, and intermixed Parcels, which are very inconveniently situated for the Occupation thereof; and there are also several inclosed Fields, called Half Year or Lammas Lands, and usually distinguished by the Name of The Nether Commons, whi^h are subject to certain Commonable Rights in Favour of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Tenements within the laid Parish; and there are like-; wife divers Messuages, Tenements, ancient inclosed Lands, Grounds, and Homesteads, within the said Parish, the Owners and Occupiers whereof are entitled to Rights of Common in the said Heaths or Commons Open and Inclosed Half Year and Lammas Lands, respectively j and that it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the several Persons having a Right of Common upon the said Heaths and Commons, if the same were divided arid inclosed, and spetific Parts allotted to and amongst the several Persons interested therein, in Proportion to their respective Rights in the Soil, Herbage, and Common thereof; and it would likewise be advantageous to the several Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the said Open and Inclosed Half Year or Lammas Lands, if the several Rights of Common to which the same are now liable were extinguished, by making a reasonable Compensation to the Parties en± titled thereto, and if the detached and intermixed Parts thereof were exchanged and apportioned between and amongst the Owners and Proprietors of such Lands, in such Manner as to render their Shares therein more compact than they now are: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet *

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr» Bramston and Mr. Bullock do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Reverend Francis , Doctor in Piiyfic, Lord of the Manor of in the County of Lincoln, and of Sir John Trollope, Baronet, and several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto lubscribed, being all of them Owners of Estates in the Manor, Lordship and Panlh of Braceborough aforesaid was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth That there are, within the said Manor Lordship, or Parish, certain Open Fields, Pallure, Waste, and other Uninclosed Lands and Grounds, which might be greatly improved by being divided, inclosed, and allotted to th# fev.ral Persons interested, according to their respective Rights therein: And therefore praying, That Leave

IP may

Dedham In ci lure PctU tton.

Braceborough

I r. clolure Petition *

T!hkham Canal Petition.

RateMtf Highway Koatl Petition, reported.

£38 27° Februarii. . 1800.

may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- ‘ suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Shazv Lefevreand Mr. Neel do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Oakham Canal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the b lelt on Mowbray Navigation, in the County of Leicester,

to Oakham, in the County of Rutland; and that the Sums of Money estimated to be sufficient for eflefting the Purposes of the said Act, have, from various Circumstances, fallen considerably short of finishing the fame; and that nearly all the Money raised by the said Act hath been expended, and no further Money can be raised by virtue thereof, although about Ten Miles only of the Line of the said Canal out of Fifteen Miles, the whole Extent thereof, have been cut and completed; and that the Money so expended, as well as the Lands already cut, will be useless and unprofitable, not only to the said Company of Proprietors but to the Public, unlel's a further Sum of Money be raised for the Purpose of completing the said Canal; and that, as much greater Expence hath been, and will be, necessarily incurred in completing and maintaining the said Canal than was estimated when the Rates of Tonnage granted by the said Act were fixed and settled, it is reasonable that the said Company of Proprietors should be empowered to receive some additional Rates of Tonnage towards answering such further Expence; and that other Obstacles have occurred in carrying the said Act into Execution, and it is necessary that divers Alterations and Amendments should be made in the said Act, and that feme further Powers should be granted, in order to render the same more effectual: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House Hull'seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ‘Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-'miiie the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Shazv Lefevre, Mr.

8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber} and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Mainwaringreported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto lubscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, Trustees for executing Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for opening, making, widening, and keeping in Repair,a Road from Ratcliff Highway, through Cannon Street, in the county of,

into the Road leading into the County of Essex, and alto several other Roads therein mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty, for opening, making, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Ratcliff Highway through Cannon Street, in the Chupty of Middlesex, into the Road leading . into the County of Essex, and also from the West End of Brook Street into Cable Street, and from Upper Shadwell Street into the Back Lam, in the said County of Middlesex: — And also, the said Act, passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty, and also for lighting, watching} and watering the said Roads, were read: And;

Mr. Thomas Dykes, being examined, laid, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads be properly maintained and improved, unless the Term of the said Acts be continued, some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and amended, and the Tolls increased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for opening, making, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Ratcliff Highway, through Cannon Street, in the County of Middlesex, into the Road leading into the County of Essex, and also from the West End of Brook Street into Cable Street, and from Upper Shadzvell Street into the Back Lane, in the said County of Middlesex: And that Mr,

Mainwaring, Mr. Byng, and Mr. John Pitt, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Filmomnn tn thereunto set and lubscribed. Freeholders or Copyholders ^f'rc 1>e of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Parish of Edmonton, in the County of Middwas presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That in and by an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for dividing the Chafe of in

the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, that all that Portion or Allotment of Land within, and Part of, and set out upon, the said Chafe, and distinguished in the Surrey or Plan thereof by the Words and Green

Lines from the Residue of the said Chafe, as The Edmonton Allotment, containing 1,231 Acres 2 Roods and 6 Perches (abutting and described as in the said Act) should, from and after the pasting of the said Act, become, and the same should from thenceforth be and remain, vested in the Churchwardens of the said Parish for the Time being, and their Successors, for ever, in Trull for, and for the foie Benefit of, the Owners and Proprietors of Freehold and Copyhold Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the said Parish; and that the aforesaid Portion of Land, so as aforesaid a feigned, as the Allotment of the said Chafe, has been found, in its present Statej as a Common to be of very little Benefit or Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Parish at large, but if inclosed, divided, and allotted amongst the said Proprietors, according to their several Estates and Interests, would, as the Petitioners conceive, be of Public Utility and Benefit to the Persons interested therein; and that there are in the said Parish of Edmonton a large Quantity of uninclosed Common Field, Waste, and 1 Marsh Land, subject to Right of Common, which, if inclosed and exchanged between the Owners thereof, so as to attach each Persons Land together, would be of very great Advantage to the said Owners, and greatly increase the Value of the said Lands: And therefore' praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to divide, allot, and indole the said Edmonton Allotment of Enfield Chafe, and to divide and exchange the Common Field Lands, Wastes, and Marshes, of Edmonton, and for other the Purposes to be therein mentioned.

Oi dei ed.

40 Geo. III. 2j° Februarii.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Main-waring and Mr. Byng do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Bill;o con. Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to continue, for a 'rohiWiin f<the to be limited, an Act, made in this present Session

making of of Parliament, to prohibit the making of Low Wines Spirits, See.in or Spirits from Wheat, or other Sort of Grain, or from piflVd. Meal, Flour, or Bran, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, until the First Day of February One thousand Eight hundred and One, an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, to prohioit the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, or other Sort of Grain, or from Meal, Flour, or Bran, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Land Tax Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Commissionera appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act Bill, oidejed. tpjs Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on " Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in

Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and i certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff,

" for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred," together with fhofe named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax: And that Mr. Roje, Mr. Long, and Mr. Bragge, do pre-

! pare, and bring in, the fame.

Bill for railing Mr. Rofepresented to the Ffoufe, according to Order, a Sum by An- a Bill for raising the Sum of Twenty Millions Five femed' pre Hundred Thousand Pounds, byway of Annuities: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read aSecord Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

That the said Standing Order of the House, of the 27th Day of June, in the last Session of Parliament; relative to Bills of Inclosure, be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in all Bills oflnclosure, there be inserted a Clause compelling the Commissioners to keep, at the Office of their Clerk, a Book of Accounts, open at all reasonable Times, during the Progress of the Inclosure, and till the Accounts are finally settled, for the Inspection of any of the Proprietors; which Book shall contain an Entry of the Particulars of all Sums of Money raised or expended by virtue of any Powers granted by the Act, under a Penalty on such Commissioners, or their Clerk, for neglecting or refuting the fame: — And also, a Clause, providing, that all Monies to be raised under and by virtue of the Powers contained in such Act, shall, as often as the same thall amount to the Sum of £. 50. be paid into the Hands of some Banker, or of such other Person or Persons as shall be approved by a Majority in Value of such Proprietors, who shall be present at the First Meeting of the said Commissioners, and in the Notice of which Meeting shall be expressed the Intention of then appointing such Banker, or such other Person or Persons j and that no Monies be issued out of the Hands of such Banker, or other Person or Persons, without an Order of the Commissioners, specifying the Person to whom the same are payable, and the Service for which the same are due; and that the Balance (if any) upon the final Settlement of Accounts, shall be immediately repaid to the Land Owners, in Proportion (o the Sums respectively paid by them: — And also, a Clause, providing, that the Award shall be read and executed by the Commissioners in the Presence of the Proprietors who may attend at a Special General Meeting called for that Purpose, of which Ten Days Notice at least shall be given in some Newspaper, tobe named, circulating within the County; which Execution of such Award shall be proclaimed the next Sunday in the Pari ft) Church; from the Time of which Proclamation only, and not before, such Award shall be considered as complete.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Bill for granting Duties oil Spirits and [ Tea, presented.

1 Ways and 1 Means, de-' terred.

Report from Committee on Standing Order of last Sdion, respecting In-clafure Bills.

Mr. Rose pres nted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excite on Britishand Foreign Spirits and Tea: And the fame was received; and read tl.e First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve ittelf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, who were appointed to take into Consideration the Standing Order of this House, of the 27th Day of June, in the last Session of Parliament, relative to Bills oflnclosure} and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had considered the Matter to them referred, and had come to several Resolutions thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and the Refoiuticn6 of the Committee are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, VOL. 55.

A Petition of the Subscribers, Proprietors of Houses, Tenements, and Grounds, within the City of Aberdeen, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for opening and making Two new Streets in the City of Aberdeen; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are materially concerned in the Street proposed to be opened from the South West, which will be injurious and prejudicial to their Rights and Interests, according to the Plan proposed: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not be passed into a Law, and that they may be heard, by themselves, or Couniel, against the said Bill, or such Parts thereof by which they conceive they will be injured.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Couniel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. EJlcourt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed to put in Execution Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads in the County of Gloucester, and of other Persons, whose Names me thereunto subscribed, was referred; T'^at the Committee Had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of

Petition of Proprietors of Houses, &c. against Aberdeen Streets

Bill *

T'tbury, Sec. Rr' d<P uuon, repotted.

.&7® Februarit, 1800.

the House, relative to't' urnpike Bills, had been com plied with, in respect to the Application for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Acts, and the Application for Powers to repair and widen the Road from the End of Charlton Tithing, where the Turnpike Road from Tetbdry towards Wottonund and Durjley (Part

\ of the Roads 'comprized in the said Acts) ends, through the Bottom of the Town of across the Turn-

pike Road leading from the Market Place in the Town of Tetburyto Minchinhampton, through a Lane called The

Back Lam, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Ci-rencefier to Tetbury, at or near a Plaoe there called The Cross Lanes; but that the Standing Orders had qot been complied with, in respect to the Application for making, diverting, and repairing, the said Road leading from the Turnpike Road from Gloucejle to Bath, at NailfwortJf, it not having been determined on to apply to Parliament for that Purpose until it was too late to give the Notices required by the said Standing Orders; but that, immediately upon such Determination, Notice was given Three Times jn The Gloucester Journal, in the Months of December and January last; and it appeared to the Committee, that the aforesaid Road will he of great Convenience to the Public, and that a Gate is intended to be erected thereon, 'and all Persons paying Toil at such Gate will be exempted from the Payment of Toll at any other Gate in the same Piftrid, and at which they would be obliged to pay, if no Gate was erected on the said Road j and, in case of having paid Toll at any Gate at present erected on the District, such Payment will exempt, such Persons from Payment of any further Toll at the said Gate; and that all Persons, through whose Land the said Road is intended to pass, are consentingj and that the Committee had also examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the <Clerk's Table: Where the same was read , and is as followeth viz.

To prove the Allegations t>f the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Tetbury to the Gates on the West of Symondskall Down, and from the Turnpike Gate

at the Top of Frocester HtU to the Turnpike Road from Cirencester, towards Bath, and from the Field called Bowl-down Sleight, to the End of a Lane adjoining the Road from Horsley to Tetbury, near Tittups , and from the Market Place in Tetbury, to the Turnpike Road on Minchinhampton Common, and from the said Road in Minchinhampton Field, unto the Turnpike Road from Girencester to Stroud, near Burnt Ash, and from the said Turnpike Road to Taylot's Mill Pond in Chalford tom, and through Hide to the Bottom of the Bourn Hill, in the County of GloucesterAlfo, an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the aforesaid Act, so far as the fatne relates to the Road from Tetbury to the Gates on the West of Symondskall Down, and from the House at the Top of Frocester Hill, where the Turnpike Gate lately stood, to the Turnpike Road from -cester, towards Bath, and from the Field called Bowldown Sleight to the End of a -Lane adjoining to the Road from Horsley to Tetbury, near Tittups Inn, and for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the said Turnpike Road, near Howelfs Down, across Owlpen Down, to a Lane leading to Lampem Hill, and from another Part of the said Turnpike Road, near the Latterwood Turnpike, across Owlpen Down aforesaid, all in the County of Gloucester, were read: And,

Mr. John Vizard, being examined, said, That great Progress has been made in the Repair of the said Roads, and the Tolls and Duties comprized in the last mentioned Act have been duly applied, and considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed, which (till remain due, and the same cannot be repaid, unless the Term 5

and Powers of the said Acts ate further continued and enlarged, so far as the same relate to the Roads from Tetbury, and other Places in the County of Gloucester, included in the last mentioned Act j that the Road from the End of Charlton Tithing (as above described) is in a ruinous Condition, and not capable of being effectually amended and kept in Repair H?y the ordinary Course of Law j 'that it would be a great Public Convenience, by opening a Communication to and

several other Parts of the adjacent Country, if Powers were granted to make, divert, alter, widen, and repair a certain Road leading from the Turnpike Road from Gloucester to Bath, at Nailsworth, near the Chapel there, to the Church at Horsley, as far as a Place or Road called The White Way, leading to Downend, and from the said Place acrpls and through certain Orchards and Pieces of Arable apd Pasture Land there, the Property of Joseph Lock, William Smith, and Joseph Howell, to join and open into the said Road or Way leading to the Church at Horsley aforesaid, at or near (the Boot Inn at , and from thence through the Street at Horsley, to a certain Place called The Raggad, where the Road or Way leading to Nymphsfeld branches off, and from the said

Place called The Raggad, through and along the Road leading to and through a Wood called The -

wood, to join another Turnpike Road leading from Gloucester to Bath, through ,at or near the

Toll Gate there.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. EJlcourt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing certain Roads leading from the Nine Mile Stone, on the Bristol Road, to and near certain Places therein-mentioned, in the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, except that no Notice had been given on the Sessions House Door for the County of

Wilts (into which Counry a small Part of the Road runs) as required by the said Standing Orders; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, aa it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterward? delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read and is as followeth viz.

0 *

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts passed for amending the Highway between Hockliff and Woburn, in the County of Bedford, and for repairing the Road leading through Woburn to Tickford Bridge, in Newport ' in the County of Bucks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hob-house, Mr. Saint John, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. '

The House being informed that Mr. Shoolbred (from the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa) attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper

Bristol and Berkeley, &c. Roads Petition, reported, and re-committed.

Hockliffe and Woburn Road a Bill, commuted.

Account, Arc of African Company presented *

Leicester and

Nar borough, &c. Roads Blil, puffed.

Leicester and

Ashby-de-la-gouch Roads Bill, passed.

Wendlebory inclosure Bill, p relented.

Caflirgton Incloiuie Peti-Uoa.

40 Geo. III. 2jh — 28°

A Paper, intituled, " A;:no 1798. — The Account of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading " to Africa, distinguishing every Article of Expenditure under its proper Title:" And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Anno 1798: — Orders and Regulations."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 28° die Februarii;

Anno 40® Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1800, Prayers.

AN ingossed Bill for mort effectually repairing, widening, and improving, the Roads from the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Narborough, and from the said Borough of

Leicester to the Town of Earl Shilton, and from the said Town of Earl Shilton to the Town of Hinckley, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving, the Roads from the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Narborough, and from the said Borough of Leicester to the Town of Earl Shilton, and from the said Town of Earl Shilton to the Town of Hinckley, in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill, for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Tw enty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, and in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, and in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Act:by-de-la-Zo:ich, in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. John Fane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Arable Meadow, Ley Pasture, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Most Noble George Duke of Marlborough, and the humble Petition ol Henry Esquire, Lefiec of the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Christ, in Oxford, of the Foundation of King Hairy the Eighth, and of John Patrick, John \ OL. So *

Febfuarii. 241

White, and John North, on Behalf of themselves and' others, Owners of the Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Caftington, and Hamlet of Wort on, within the said Parish, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Parish and Hamlet divers large Tfafts of uncultivated Heath Lands, and several Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Commonable Lands, which lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Condition, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be an Advantage to all Parties interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the fame, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Fane and Lord Charles Spencer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and laying ift Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Milton, in the County of Cambridge, was rejid a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Yorke, General Adeane, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of, and otherwise interested in, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Elf-xvorth, in the County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Lands, are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement, but if divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made thereof to the several Owners and other Persons interested therein, the same might be greatly improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Lands, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Charles Yorke and General Adeane do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Ord and Mr. Wilmot:

Mr. Speaker *

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for further continuing, until the First Day of February One thousand Eight hundred and One, an Act^ made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " further continuing, until the First Day of March " One thousand Eight hundred, an Act, made in the " last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons " as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against " l4is Person and Governmentwithout any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the First Day of February One thousand Eight hundred and One, an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, to prohibit the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, or other Sort of Grain, or from Meal, Flour, or Bran, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; without any Amendment.

And then the MessengerS withdrew.

3 Q A Message

Milton Iri-clofiirc Bll?^ committed.

Elsworth In- cloiure Petition.

'she Lords have agreed 14

Bill to continue Habeas Corpus Suspeniton

Aa.

Bill to continue Aa for prohibiting the making of Spir ts, &c. in Scotland *

1

Royal A font to Bills *

Bi iftol and Berkeley, &c. Roads re-committed Petition, reported.

2A2 iS° Februariu 1800.

A Meflfage by Mr. QuaYeoman Usher of the

Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the De-fire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned j and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of His Royal Highness the Duke of , His Royal

Highness the Duke of KentHis Royal Highness the t)uke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of

Gloucester, the' Lord Archbishop of , the Lord High Chancellor of Great , and several other

Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of,

and the Lord High Chancellor of Great , and the Lord Steward of His Majesty's Household, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth ;< viz.

An Act for further continuing, until the First Day. of February One thousand Eight hutydred and One, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for further continuing, until the first Day of % t MarchOnfc thousand Eight hundred, an Act, made

* in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain such ? Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring " against His Person and Government

An Act to continue, until the First Day of February One thousand Eight hundred and One, an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, to prohibit the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat or other Sort of Grain, or from Meal, Flour, or Bran, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland . An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of , in

the County of Bedford:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of IJlip, in the County of Northampton.

Mr. EJlcourt reported from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, of the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing certain Roads leading from the Nine Mile Stone on the Bristol Road, to and near certain Places therein-mentioned, in the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts, was referred; That the Committee had further examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, except that no Notice lud been given on the Sessions House Door for the County of Wilts (into which County a Part of the Road, of the Length of Three Quarters of a Mile, runs) as required by the said Standing Orders; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had dirffted him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in aUthe Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of Lite said Petition, an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the Nine Mile Stone on the Bristol Road, at or near a Place called The Clay Pits, to or near the Chapel at and also

the Roads to and near Berkeley, -

Edge, Stroud, and Sodbury, and several other Roads in the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts, was read; And,

Mr. John Vizard, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which has been duly applied, together with the Tolls arising thereon, according to the Directions of the said Act, which Money is still due and owing, and cannot be repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged, except so far as the same relate to the Repair of the Roads to and near Sodbuiy.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunder subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others. Owners of Estates, or Inhabitants, within or near the several Parishes and Places herein after mentioned, was presenteti to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the making and maintaining of a Turnpike Road from or near the Turnpike Gate at to join the

Turnpike Road leading from to Stroud, at or

near the Anchor Inn at Walbridge, and to pass along -the Cirencester, Stroud, and Gloucej Turnpike Roads, to Badbrook, and from thence to Birdlip, through the several Parishes of Rodborough, Stroud,

Cranham, Miserdine, Brimpsfield, and Cowley, all in the County of Gloucester, will be a great Benefit, and attended with much Convenience and Accommodation to the Petitioners, and the other Owners of Estates, or Inhabitants, within or near the said -Parishes and Places, which are very populous, and in which many very considerable Clothing Manufactories are carried on; and that such new Road will open a shorter and better Communication than there is at present between the City of Bath and Town of Cheltenham, and the Parts adjacent, and between various other Parts of the Country, and will also be of Public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining the said Road, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. EJlcourt, the Lord Sheffield, See.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Thomas Pelham reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Oitfe between Neve haven Bridge and Lewes Bridge, in the County of Sussex, and for the better draining of the Low Lands lying in Lewes and Laughton Levels, in the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation and Drainage Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committ e had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To

Lightpill and Birdlip Road Petition.

Kewhaven and Lewes Navigation and Drainage Petition, reported.

40 Geo. III.

a 8° Febru

.243

Hexham and Aifton Road, Bill, presented.

Olenwhelt,

&c. Road Bill presented-

Mngor and

Chcpftow

Roads Bilt, committed *

Gloucester and Bi iftol Road, Petition.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. William Wheeler, being examined, said, That

the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act into Execution, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, Rates, and Duties, and of the Assessments or Scots by the said Act granted; that great Progress hath been made in the Execution of the said Act, but that, in order to complete the same, it will be necessary to borrow a further Sum of Money on the Credit of the said Act And the Witness further said, That, in order to carry the said Act into full and effectual Execution, it will be necessary to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers thereof, and to increase the Tolls, Rates, and Duties, by the said Act directed to be levied upon Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Commodities, and other Things navigated, carried, or conveyed upon the said-River.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to alter, amend, and enlarge, the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for improving the Navigation of the River Ouse, between Newhaven Bridge and Lezves Bridge, in the County of , and for the better draining of the Low Lands lying in Lezves and Laughton Levels, in the said County: And that Mr. Thomas Pelham and General Lennox do prepare,'and bring in, the fame.

\ .

Mr. Beaumont presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers and Provisions of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Summerrods Bar, near the Town of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Alfton, in the County of Cumberland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Beaumont presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers and Provisions, of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Carlisle and Newcastle and Newcastle-upon-Tyne Turnpike Road, near G/en-whelt, to another Part of the said Carlisle and NewcaJ-tie Road upon Shildon Common, in the County of Northumberland-, and for altering the Termination of the said Road at the West End thereof, and extending the farrfe to, or near to, Glenwhelt, in the said County j and for making and repairing a Branch Road from the said Road at Corbridge to the Military Road at Heddon oil the Wall, in the said County of And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the Road from the Village of Magor to the Bridge-foot in the Town of in the County of

Monmouth, and several other Roads in the Counties of Monmouth, Gloucester, Herejord, and Brecon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Morgan, Sir Richard Hill, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road from a certain Bridge, over a Brook or Stream called Sudbrook, near the City of Gloucester, to the Nine Mile Stone on the Bristol Road, at or near a Place called The C Pitts, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in pursuance of the said Act, a con-fideiable Sum of Money hath been borrowed, and is now

V ot. 55.

owing, upon the Credit of the Tolls, which Money cannot be paid off, and the said Road kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is further continued, and the Tolls are increased, and some other Amendments and Alterations are made in the said Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, during such Time, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Pitt, the Marquis of Worcester, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Gloucester to the Town of Stroud, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in pursuance of the said Act, a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed, and is now owing, upon the Credit of the Tolls, which Money cannot be paid off, and the said Road kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is further continued, and the Tolls are increased, and some other Amendments and Alterations made in the said Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, during such Time, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Bragge, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir John Frederick presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for separating the Commons, or Waste Grounds, of the Manor of East Horjeley, in the County of Surrey, which lie in the several Parishes of East Horse 'ey and Ockham, within the said Manor, and for settling the Rights of Common thereon: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Henry Lajcellespresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for. diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending, the Roads from the Town of Halijax, and from Sozverby Bridge, in the County of York, by Todmorden, to Burnley and Little-borough, in the County of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Fordyce be added to the Committee, who are appointed to consider of Means for rendering more effectual the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for better regulating the Assize " and making of Bread."

Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the Dearne and Dove Canal Company,

Gloucester tad Stroud Road Petition *

East Horseley and Ockham Dtvision Bill *

prcleuud.

Halifax and Sowerby Bridge Road# Bill presented *

Member added to Committee respeding the Aiiize of Bread,

Dearne and Dove Canal Peti.ion, it-' ported-

244

28" Febru

A. 1800<

toany, under their Common Seal, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and bad directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House { and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Navigation Cut, in the Township of Swinton, to or near the Town of

in the Parish of Silkstone, in the West Riding of the County of York, and certain Collateral Cuts, branching out of the said Canal, was read; whereby it appeared. That the Dearne and Dove Canal Company were empowered to raile a Sum, not exceeding £. 60,000, for making the said Canal, and Collateral Cuts; and, in case such Sum should be found infufneient, they were also empowered to raile, in the Manner therein mentioned, a further Sum, not exceeding £.30,000, for completing the said Undertaking: And,

Mr. William Hoyle, being examined, said. That the Company have made great Progress in the Execution of the said Act, having already completed a considerable Part of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts; in doing which they have expended nearly the Whole of the £.60,000, which they were thereby empowered to raise; but find that the said Act is defective, and that further Powers arc wanting for raising the additional Sum of £. 30,000, for enabling the Company effectually to complete die la:d Undertaking; and that the present Tolls are inadequate to the Expences of the doing the re-o i

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to enable the Dearne and Dove Canal Company to finish and complete the said Canal, and the several Collateral Cuts branching therefrom; and for explaining, amending, and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and for increasing the Tolls thereby granted: And that Mr. Henry i^ajcclies and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Ltorainiw A Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, alter-coramiited!' ,fig> and improving the Roads therein mentioned, leading from the Town of in the County of

Hereford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William Taylor, Mr. Bragge, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Petition of A Petition of Elizabeth Fleming, Widow, Margaret linft Abet'?' and ‘Jean Fleming, Spinsters, all residing in Aberdeen, dr«n Street was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for opening and making Two new Streets in the City of Aberdeen; and, Setting forth. That the Petitioners are materially concerned in the Street proposed to be opened from the South West, having the Property of Three Dwelling Houses upon the North Side of the Narrow Wynd, which form the North Line of what is intended for the New Street, and which Three Houses were built some Years ago, in a regular and uniform Plan, to suit the Town House of Aberdeen, from which South Street takes its Departure; and that the said Three Houses cannot be any Advantage to the Public, and are no Ways necessary for any of the said New Streets, as they lorm no Encroachment, nor require any Alteration whatever, in point of Ornament to the City: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pal's into a Law, or that the Three Houses above-mentioned, which are described in the Bill as belonging to the Heirs of Bailie

Bill.

Peter Cujhuec, late Merchant in Aberdeen, may be excepted from the Bill, and that the Petitioners may be heard, at the Bar of the House, by Counsel, against the said Bill, or such Parts thereof as they conceive to be injurious to their Property.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by Counsel, before the said Committee upon their Petition, if they think fir.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Eurgeffcs of Cam-iron the Town and Borough of Carnarvon, and of the several p<u‘>

D t, U<U

Persons whole Nances are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the same Town, and the Neighbourhood thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Church or Chapel of Saint AL r\\ within the said Town and Borough, and the Tower thereof, are in a very ruinous and decayed State, so that Divine Service cannot with Safety be performed therein, and it is necelliiry that the said Church and Tower should be taken down, and rebuilt: And therefore playing, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for taking down and rebuilding the said Church and Tower, in fuel) Manner, by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. IViliiarns, Mr. B'magge> &c.:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that Mr. Fazvkener, One Procwifinp of of the Clerks of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy r,vv Council,

. 1 Mi peeling

Council, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at sin . trom the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Ad- w g, Ho". dress to His Majesty: prdcu^ *

N° 1. Information relative to the Appointment of a Committee, to consider and prepare Regulations to be observed by Ships or Vessels that are to perform Qua- rantine, particularly those which arrive without clean Bills of Health from the Ports of the Levant, or any other Port or Place whatsoever, and also of Dr.Neivb.n-, a Navy Surgeon of Skill and Experience, to examine into the Health of the Crews, and other Persons, cn Board the said Ships: And also,

N° 2. Copies of Two Anonymous Letters, relative to the Ships Mentor and Lark, trar.smitted by the Right Honourable Henry Dionlas to the Earl cf Liver pa /, dated 16th and 29th October 1799: And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from the Secretary of the Customs, transmitting £opy of an Anonymous Letter, relative to the Plague on the Coast of Barbary, dated 22d October 1799: And also,

N° 4. Copy of a Letter from John Esquire,

transmitting Extracts of Letters from Coniul Matra, dated Gibraltar, 13th and 26th September 1799, comam-ing Intelligence with respect to the Progress of the Plague in the Barbary States, dated ift 17^9:

And also,

N° 5. Extract of a Letter from the Secretin' of the Customs, transmitting Letter from D:. , relative

to Persons who had landed at Li/bon, out of the La,k, from Mogadore, dated 15th November 1799: And also,

N° 6. Extract Report of the Quarantine C >m:ni.‘tee, recommending that the Cloaths of the late M liter of the Ship Lark, who died at Mogadore, should be funk in deep Water, dated 13th November 1799; also. Copy

of

40 Geo. III. 28 Februarii:245

of a Letter from William Fawkener, Esquire, to James" bacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One

Hume, Esquire, in Consequence thereof, dated 15th No- " thousand Eight hundred," together with those named vember 1799: And also, ., in Two former A#s for appointing Commissioners of the

N° 7. Extra# Minute of the Quarantine Committee, Land Tax: And the same was received; and read the dated 25th November 1799; also, Copy of a Letter from First Time.

the Secretary of the Customs in Consequence thereof, Refo That the Bill be read a Second Time, transmitting Report of Mr. 2hw> , relative to the Value,

of the Ships Aurora, Mentor, and Lark, dated 3d De- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee of

cember 1799: And also, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; Wp1)'-

N° 8. Report of the Quarantine Committee, recom- to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma-mending that the Ships Aurora-, Mentor, and Lark, fromajesty, be now read. x

Mogadore, and their Cargoes, should be destroyed, dated And the said Order being read accordingly;

5th December 1799, together with the Evidence therein The House resolved itself into the said Committee,

referred to: And also, Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

N° 9. Extra# Minute of the Lords df His Majesty's Mod honourable Privy Council, dire#ing the Quarantine Committee to fe-consider the Subje# of the Ships, and to state the special Realons on which they grounded their Opinion, that the said Ships, and the Whole of their Cargoes, should be destroyed; dated 12th December 1799: And also,

N 10. Report of the Quarantine Committee; fub-mitting the special Reasons which induced them to recommend the Destru#ion of the Ships Aurora, Mentor, and Lark, from Mogadore, and their Cargoes, dated 28th December 1799; together with the Examinations of Mn Renfhazv, Dr. Newbery, and Mr. Matthews, therein referred to: And also,

N° 11. Minute of the Lords of His Majesty's Most honourable Privy Council, dire#ing the Quarantine Committee to report their Opinion, whether the Destru#ion of the Ships from Mogadore could be delayed till the Meeting of Parliament, without Danger to the Public Health, dated 3d January 1800: And also;

N° 12. Extra# Minute of the Quarantine Committee,' dating it as their Opinion, that the Destru#ion of the Ships from Mogadore could not be delayed without Danger to the Public Health, dated 4th January 1800; also, Letter from James Hume, Esquire, transmitting Letter from Mr. Jones, therein referred to: And also,

N° 13. Copy of a Letter from the Secretary of the Customs, transmitting Letter from Dr. Newbery, upon the Subje# of Mr. Jones's Representation, dated 6th January 1800: And also,

N° 14. Letter from the Secretary of the Customs, transmitting Second Letter from Mr. Jones, relative to the Ship Mentor and her Cargo, dated 7th January 1800: And also,

N 15. Extra# Letters from Dr. Newbery, relative to the Health of the Persons on Board the Ships,

Mentor, and Lark, from Mogadore, transmitted by the Secretary of the Customs to the Clerk of His Majesty's Most honourable Privy Council: And also,

N° 16. Order in Council, dire#ing the Ships , Mentor, and Lark, from Mogadore, to be funk in deep Water, with the Whole of their Cargoes on Board, dated 7th January 1800.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider of His Majesty's most Gracious MefTage to this House, of the 1 ith Day of this Instant February.

The laid Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Land Ta Mr. Rcfe presented to the House, according to Order, uoinmitlioners a gill for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution kill, presented. an Act of this Si-lfion of Parliament, intituled, " An " A# for continuing and granting to His Majesty a " Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in " England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon " Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, To-Vot.. 55.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair!

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had di-re#ed him to report, when the House will pleaife to receive the same;

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ^m'tat^of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means. " to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him, to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next. *

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House being informed, that the Church of Saint rtoufe resolve Margaret, Westmirfler, was at present under Repair, and ^'servke that it would be impossible for the House to attend Di- at Saint John vine Service there upon Wednesday the 12th Day of the Fast March next, the Day appointed by His Majesty's Royal ay Proclamation for a General Fast; and it being suggested that the Church of Saint John the Evangelist,

would be convenient for that Purpose;

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had seen the Reverend Do#or Finch, Minister of the said Church of Saint John, by whom he was informed, that, if it was the Pleasure of the'House to attend Divine Service there on that Day, the utmost Care would be taken to provide the proper Accommodations.

Resolved, That this House will attend Divine Service on the said Day, at the Church of John, Westminster,

Ordered, That the Reverend Arthur Onslow, Do#or in Dr- Onslow to Divinity, and Dean of Worcejlec, be dell red to preach Prelc£ before this Ploufe, at the Church of Saint John, Westminster, upon Wednesday the 12th Day of next;

And that Mr. Secretary at War and Mr. Golding do acquaint him therewith.

3 R A Petition

28° Februarii. — Mart 1800.

lVtitian of Li- A Petition of His Majesty's most. loyal and dutiful London 0t 3ubjefts, the there-undersigned Liverymen of the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners deeply lament the Calamities inseparable from a State of War, more particularly those which have arisen from the present Conflict, seeing not only the Honour, but the very Existence of all that is dear to a Nation, depends upon its successful Termination} and that at a Common Hall of the Livery of London, assembled on the 19th Instant, a Petition was voted to the House, containing Sentiments not founded in Fast, and consequently repugnant to the Feelings of the Petitioners, for which Reason they have dissented, and do dissent, therefrom; for thpy deny that a Scries of the most melancholy Events and unexampled Misfortunes have attended His Majesty's Arms} on the contrary, surrounding Nations bear Testimony to the Zeal and Bravery of His Majesty's Troops, and the World looks with Astonishment and Admiration on the Success which has every where attended the British Navy; nor can the Petitioners attribute to the War the Scarcity arising from an uncommonly bad Season; nor is it possible for them to admit as a Fad the Assertion, that destructive Expeditions have produced the most serious Effects upon the Commerce and Manufactories of the Country, as they well know both to be in a most flourishing Situation; and that, anxioully delirous as the Petitioners must be for the Return of Tranquillity, yet it is a Duty which they most readily follow, to submit to the Wisdom of the House and His Majesty's Executive Government the Measures, the Time, and the Means, for procuring to the Nation a just and permanent Peace} for all which the Petitioners most humbly pray.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Motion re- The House was moved, That His Majesty's most

War,"tiiper- Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon

fcded. the 26th Day of November 1778, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly}

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That it is not just or necessary to carry on War, for the Purpose of restoring the Monarchy of France.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the other Orders of the Day be now read}

The House was moved. That the Entry in the Journal of this House, of the lift Day of January 1794, of the Translation of the Declaration published by His, Majesty's Order, on the 29th Day of October 1793, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Votes of this House, of the 22d Day of January last, of the First of His Majesty's most Gracious Messages to this House, of that Day} and also, that the several Papers, which were then presented to the House, by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty's Command } and also, that the Entry' in the Votes of this House, of the 3d Day of this Instant , of the

Address which was agreed to by. the House, to be pre-lented to His Majesty thereupon, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly }

And the Question being put. That the other Orders of the Day be now read }

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Bfli for raising _ And the Order of the Day being accordingly read, 6 -the Second Reading of the Bill for raising the Sum

knitted. " X

Mr. John E

The Lord

bury:

rMr. Tierney, }

1 Mr. William Smith: i

1

142.

34 *

of Twenty Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities }

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Du- Bin for ^anr-ties of Excise on British and Foreign Spirits and Tea, ^^ri^ut^nj0rl was read a Second Time. Tea,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. muted.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into % Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 30 die Martii;

Anno 40° Georgii III. 1 Regis, 1800.

Prayers.

MR. Wilber force presented to the House, according Detune and to Order, a Bill to enable the Denrne and Dove Canal Company to finish and complete the said Canal, ' and the several Collateral Cuts branching therefrom} and for explaining, amending, and enhrging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and for increasing the Tolls thereby granted: And the same was received , and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Wilbcrfcrce presented to the House, according to Huddersfield Order, a Bill for enabling the Huddersfield Canal Com- Canal Bill, pany to finish and complete the Hudd-rsfe/d Canal, and Presented for amending the Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Huddersfield Canal: And the same was received } and^ead the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are shnrenVnm. thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, poor Petiti® Inhabitants of the Township of (including

the Tything of Beckett) and of the several Hamlets of Walchfield, Longcot, and Fernham, in the Parish of Shri-

ven ham, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read } Setting forth, That the Poor belonging to the said Township, Tything, and Hamlets, are become very numerous, and arc ibpported at a very great Expence to the Inhabitants thereof; and it is apprehended, if a proper and suitable House w'as provided for the Reception of allTuch Poor, and proper Powers were given for their Regulation, Employment, and Government, it would not only be a great Advantage to all Persons paying to the Poor Rates of the said Town-ship, Tything, and Hamlets, but would tend to the better Relief and Comfort of the Poor themselves: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the above Purposes, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Reliriftions, as to the House shall seem meet,

Ordered,

Snettifham Inclol'ure Bill, committed *

Cawfton In-

clolure Bill, committed.

KewtonBrem-fliuld InfJoi'ure Petition.

,&c.

Irdoture and Drainage Fe-

D(e|unt^,

Crowiand

40 Geo. III. 30 Martii. 347

Ordered, That the faitl Petition be referred to ithe cote, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it have Power to fend for Persons, Papfers, and Records, shall appear to them, to the House: v,

' And. it is referred to Mr. Vanjittart, Mr. Bramfion, . A Petition of Robert Cttrezo Esqu'ife, Lord of

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at , the Manor of in the County of , and ' *

Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker Chamber; and Proprietor of a large Portion of the Lands and Grounds have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. in the Lordship of and of the Reverend John

Holt, Vicar of the Parish of Wrawby, on Behalf of A Bill for inclosing, dividing, and allotting Two cCr- themselves and others Owners of Lands and Grounds tain Traifts of Land, now held and used as Stinted Com- within the said Lordfhrp of was presented to the

mon of Pasture, within the Parish of Snettisham, in the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time. 'the said Lordship, several Open Common Fields, Mea-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sin Martin dows, Pastures, Moot's, and other Commonable Lands Browne Fo/kes, Mr. Act ley. See.: And they are to meet 'and Waste Grounds, containing in the Whole 2,500 this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Acres, of thereabouts, and also divers ancient inclosed Chamber. Lands and Grounds, containing 50 Acres, or there-

abouts; and that the Lands and Grounds of the Peti-A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Com- doners and others, in the said Fields and Meadows, lie mon Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Warren Com- intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and the mons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within fame, and also the said Common Pastures, Moors, and the Parish of Cnwflon, in the County of Norfolk, was other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in their read a Second Time. present State, are incapable of much Improvement;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Martin but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and 1'pecific 'Browne Fo/kes, Mr. Hftley, &c.: And they are to meet Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, accord-this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's ing to their respective interests, and a Satisfaction made Chamber. for the Tythes of the said Lordship at large, great

Benefit and Advantage would accrue to the Persons in-, A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are terested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave thereto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, and Grounds in the Open and Common Fields, Pastures, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the Meadows, Lands, and Grounds, of and within the Parish House shall seem meet.

of Newton Bromfhold, in the County of Northampton, and Ordered, That Leave be given t6 bring in a Bill, pur-

also such of the Open Fields, and other Commonable suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lands, within the Parish of High am Ferrers, in the said Mr. Vyner and Sir Gilbert Heathcote do prepare, and County of Northampton, as are called or known by bring in, the fame, the Names of The Bufcotts and No Alans Leys, was pre *

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Bubwitkrn-Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, and others, in thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Messuages, Cot- c.lorure Pcli the said Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Meadows, tages, Lands, and Estates, within the Townships of tl0a *

Lands, and Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed in Bubwith or One of them, in the Parish small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapa- of Bubwith, in the East Riding of the County of York, ble of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof al- That there are, within the said Townships, several Open lotted to and amongst the several Persons entitled Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste thereto, it would be very advantageous to the Parties in- Grounds, which lie intermixed and in small Parcels terested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes afore- considerable Improvement, and it would be very advan-iaicl, under such Regulations as the House shall direift. tageous to all Parties interested therein if the same were Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- divided and inclosed, and a Compensation made in lieu suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir of all the Tythes of the said Townships: And therefore Martin Browne Fo/kes, Mr. Dickins, and Mr. Cartwright, praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill do prepare, and bring in, the fame. for the Purposes above- mentioned, under such Restrictions and Regulations as the House shall think fit.

A Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Henry and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and

interested in the Drainage and Inclosure of Deeping, bring in, the fame.

Crowd and, Langtoft, Baston, Spalding, Pinchbeck, and Cow-

lit Commons, within the Parts of Keflevenand Holland, A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Thurstonland in the County of Lincoln, was prefehted to the House, thereunder subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Inclosure Pc ' and read; Setting forth, That there are in the Com- Lands and Tenements, having Right of Common titlon mons within the Parts aforesaid many Thousand Acres within the Manor and Township of Thnrflonland, in the of Land of a rich and fertile Nature, which, in their pre- Parish of Kirkburton, in the West Riding of the County lent State, are incapable of Improvement, but, if di- of Ywas presented to the House, and read; Setting vided, allotted, inclosed, and properly drained, would forth. That there are, within the said Township, certain be of great Advantage to the several Persons interested Commons and Waste Grounds, called therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be The Tozvn Moor or Marsh, Stocks Floor, Brownjhnowl given to bring in a Bill for efteding the several Purposes and Moor, and Slorthes Hall Moor, and

aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, several small Pieces of Waste Land, containing, in the as to the House shall seem meet. Whole, about Five Hundred Acres, which are, in their

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the present State, incapable of any considerable Improve-Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-- ment: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given mine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing shall appear to them, to the House: the said Commons and Waste Grounds.

And it is referred to Mr. Vyner, Sir Gilbert Heath- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pu r-: Vol. 55. ' suant.

Wakefield and Aollerlandi Hoad Petition,

Petition of Inhabitants of Battlefden,

Hock-life Roads

Bill, rtfcrred, and Counsel ordered.

Xytne Begis, &lc. KoatU Petition#

248 30

N. 1800.

suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hepiry Lascelles and Mr. Wi do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two Acts, the One passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road from Wakefield " to Aufierlands, in the West Riding of the County of

" York" and the other passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said first-mentioned Act, was presented to the House, and read > Setting forth. That the Trustees, appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded to put the same into Execution, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads sufficiently improved and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Mr. Wilber -

force, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Perl'ons, Papers, and Records.

The House was moved. That the Petition of Sir Gregory Page Turner, Baronet, Lord of the Manor of tlefden, and of several other Persons, Inhabitants of the Parish of Battlefden, in the County of , which

was presented to the House upon the 21 ft Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts passed for amending the Highway between Hock/iffe and in the County of Bedford, and for repairing the Road leading through Woburn to Tickford Bridge, in in the County of Bucks, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Count'd, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees and Creditors under Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-full Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, leading to and through the Borough of Lyme Regis; and another Act was passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing and rendering more effectual the said Act, and for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road on Uflime Hill to the Turnpike Road at the Three Ashes,

in the Parish of Crewkerne, in the County of Sowefet, and other Roads therein mentioned; which last mentioned Roads were called and known by the Name of The Crezvkerne Branch of the Lyme Regis Turnpike and

that the Trustees, in executing the said Acts, have expended several considerable Sums of Money borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls, which (till remain due, together with a large Arrear of Interest, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged; and that the Annual Income arising from the Tolls upon the Crezvkerne District of the said Roads has been found insufficient for paying the Interest of the Money borrowed, and executing the other Purposes of the Act, and it would be more convenient and advantageous if both the Districts of the said Roads were to be incorporated and made One District, under proper Regulations; and that it will be necessary to Teduce the Tolls payable upon the Carriage of Lime used for the Purposes of Agriculture, and to discharge the Trustees from the Care of certain Parts of the Road, which it has been found impradlicable to repair and maintain: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes before-mentioned, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition l^e referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Fane, Mr. Bastard, he.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

Mr. Clarke presented to the House, according to Or- Peak Forest der, a Bill for altering and amending an Act, passed in Ca"alA‘11' the Thir ty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- prte° jesty, for making and maintaining the Peak Forefi Canal, and for granting to the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal further and other Powers: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. John Fane reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of Sported, the Oakham Canal, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the Melton Mowbray Navigation, in the County of Leicester, to Oakham, in the County of Rutland, was read: And,

Mr. John Briggs, Clerk to the said Company of Pro-, prietors, being examined, said. That the Money estimated to be sufficient for effecting the Purposes of the said Act, have, from various Circumstances, fallen considerably ftiort of finishing the said Canal: That nearly all the Money raised by the said Act hath been expended, and no further Money can be raised by virtue thereof, although about 1 cn Miles only of the Line of the said Canal, out of Fifteen Miles, the whole Extent thereof, have been cut and completed: That the Money so expended, as well as the Lands already cut, will be useless and unprofitable, unless a further Sum be raised for completing the said Canal; and as much greater Ex-

Chelmsford Church Petition.

fcifoy, Fom . ham, &c. Di ▼ifion and Al Jotment Petition.

40 Geo. III. 3 0 Marti 249

pence hath been and will be necessarily incurred in completing and maintaining the said Canal than was originally estimated, it is proposed, that the said Company should be empowered to receive some additional Rates of Tonnage , and, in order more fully to execute the Intentions of the said Act, it is deemed expedient, that divers Alterations and Amendments should be made therein, and that some further Powers should be granted to render the same more effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Oakham Canal to raise Money for completing the said Canal, and alto, for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal: And that Mr. John Fane, Mr. Shaw Lefevre, and Mr. Noel Edwards, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and Inhabitants of the Parish of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Parish Church of Chelmsford aforesaid (which is a very ancient, (lately, and spacious Pile of Building) is

become much decayed, and great Part thereof, with the Roof and Side Walls, have lately fallen down, and remain in a ruinous State, inso much that it is deemed indispensably necessary such Parts thereof should be rebuilt, and that the other Parts of the Building should undergo an immediate, thorough, and substantial Repair; and that a proper Survey has been taken of the necessary Want of Reparation to the said Church, and an Estimate made thereof, by an able and experienced Architedl, whereby it appears, that the Sum necessary to effedluate such Repairs, is too large to be raised by the present Inhabitants without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; and that, until the said Church be repaired, Divine Worth ip cannot be performed therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Church, and for enabling the Inhabitants of the said Parish to borrow Monies, and defray the Expences of such Repairs, and for securing the Re-payment of the Principal Monies so to be borrowed, with Interest, in such Manner, with such Powers, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bramston, Mr. Buxton, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and entitled to certain Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, within the several Parishes of

Rijby, Fornham All Saints, and in the County of

Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several Open and Common Fields, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the said Parishes, which lie greatly intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement} and the Petitioners are desirous that the same should be set out and allotted unto and amongst the several Owners and Proprietors within the said Parishes, according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think just and reasonable.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Vol. $5.

Bramston, Lord Viscount Brome, and Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the most Noble William Duke of Man- |°'y^epJn chester, and the humble Petition of the several other nu‘ eu Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of, and otherwise interested in, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Fens, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Holywell with -

worth, in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Lands are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made thereof to the several Persons interested therein, the same might be greatly improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields,

Common Meadows, Fens, and Waste Lands, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Frederick Montagu and Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Farndjfli in-thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, J^re Pttl Owners of Estates in the Parish of Farndish, in the Counties of Bedford and Northampton, or one of them, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, containing in the Whole, by Estima-tion, 645 Acres, which lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, so as to render the Cultivation thereof very inconvenient; and if the same were divided and allotted unto and amongst the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, and such Allotments inclosed, they would be rendered of much greater Value, and might be much improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- ' suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Frederick Montagu and Mr. Dickdo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are there- pgth RoaJ» unto subscribed. Owners of Land in the County of Re‘ltl0"‘ Perth, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth, and for explaining and amending an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, in the County of Perth, certain Persons were appointed Trustees for making, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Roads in the said County therein mentioned, particularly the Road from Perth to Cupar, or the Neighbourhood thereof, towards

Glammis, as far as the Confines of the County of Perth, and certain Powers were given to the said Trustees, for the said Purposes 5 and that, by another Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of His Majesty's Reign, for explaining, amending, and rendering more efl'edtual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth, and for making and repairing the Road from Crieff, -towards Stirling and Alloa, and other Roads, in the said County, certain Alterations were made, upon the Regulations of the Act first above recited, and new Powers were given to the Trustees thereby appointed, for the better making the Roads therein described, including the said Road from Perth to Cupar, or the

3 S Neighbourhood,

1

Lanark Roads

Petition,

"Newark upon Trent Inclo-Tune Petition.

450 30 Martii. 1800

Neighbourhood, to the Confines of the County; and that, in pursuance of the said Acts, the greater Part of the said Road from Perth to , has been made and repaired, and certain Sums have been borrowed for that Purpose, and are still owing, but a Part of the said Line of Road, viz. from Cupar to the Confines of the County of Perth, is still unmade, and there are not sufficient

Funds for that Purpose, and the Tolls, authorized to be levied on the said Line of Road, are found to be too low; and that it would be of great Advantage to the Public if the said Road was completed, and the Trustees were enabled to levy a sufficient Toll or Dtity on that Part of the Road which runs from , or the Neighbourhood, towards Glam as far as the Confines of the County of Perth, and to borrow a Sum of Money on the Credit of the said Tolls, and if other necessary Powers were granted: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Powers of the said recited Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-third Years of His Majesty, so far as respects the said Road from Cupar, or the Neighbourhood, towards Glammis, as far as the Confines of the County of Perth, and for the better making and repairing the said Road, under such Regulations as to the House may seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Stuart, Mr. Allardyce, See,: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners of Land in the County of Lanark, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for making and keeping in Repair a certain Road leading from house to the Three Mile House, in the County of Lanark, and for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several other Roads therein mentioned, sundry Powers were given to Trustees for that Purpose, and, in pursuance thereof, a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls collected upon the said Road, which is still unpaid, and the said Road cannot be effectually made, and kept in Repair, n6r the Money so borrowed repaid, unless the Term of the said Act, of the Thirty-fourth of His present Majesty, be enlarged, and further and other Powers granted: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for extending or enlarging the Term, and altering, amending, and enlarging, the Powers, of the said Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, in as far as relates to the said Road from Parkhouse to the Three Mile House, and for more effectually making, repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the aforesaid Road.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Sir John Stuart, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Sir Jenifon Gordon, Baronet,

William Dickenson, Esquire, the Reverend William tall, and others. Owners and Proprietors of certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting

forth, That there are, within the fai«i Parish, certain a

Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Waste Lands, containing together Five Hundred Acres, or thereabouts, which lie greatly intermixed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and it would be of Advantage to all Parties concerned if the same were inclosed, and divided amongst the several Persons having an Interest therein, according to their respective Rights and Properties: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of upon Trent, in

the County of Nottingham, under such Orders, Rules, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Manners Sutton and Mr. Wood do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, respectively entitled to Rights of Common on certain Commons or Waste Lands within the Parish of combe, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That there are certain Commons or Waste Lands, within the said Pari fit, containing, by Estimation, 370 Acres, or thereabouts; and it will not only be of great Benefit and Advantage to all Persons interested therein if the same were properly divided, allotted, and inclosed, but of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Commons or Waste Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Gore Langton and Mr. Dickinson do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereto subscribed, Proprietors of, or interested in Lands in the Middle Level of the Fens (Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford,) and other Places near thereto, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, pursuant to the Laws heretofore made for the Drainage and Preservation of the Fen Lands and Low Grounds called BedfordLevel, or some Parts of the fame, many great and extensive Works have been done, and large Sums of Money expended, notwithstanding which the great Barrier Banks of the said Middle Level are not of sufficient Height and Strength to refill the Land Floods; and that the internal Rivers, Drains, and other Works of Drainage, in the said Le\'el, are much choaked up, decayed, and out of Repair, and not in a proper State for the Conveyance of the Waters which ought to be discharged through the fame, and the Banks of the same are insecure and insufficient for confining the Waters therein, and the said Lands are thereby frequently much oppressed and injured by Water; and that the Powers and Funds, heretofore given and granted for draining and preserving the said Lands, are insufficient so do the Works which are now necessary to be done: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better Drainage, Preservation, and Improvement, of the Lands in the Middle Level of the Fens, and other Lands near thereto, and for strengthening and improving the Barrier and internal Banks thereof, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Yorke, General Adeane, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition

B'.irlifcomhfe inclosure ftfe tition.

Bedford (Mid die) Level Drainage Petition.

Burwell Inclosure Petition.

Croton, Drainage Pe ‘ . iuon.

Mancfcester and Ashton under Dyne Canal Billy p relented.

Wrexham ami Pen tie Bridge Koatls Petition, reported.

ao Geo. III. 30 Martii. $c i

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds in the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common Heaths, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners in the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common Heaths, and Waste Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed, and in their present Situation are incapable of Improvement, and it would tend greatly to the Advantage of all Persons interested therein if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, 1 nat Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common Heaths, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Charles Yorke and General Adeane do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Proprietors of Lands and Tenements in the several Townships of Croften, Mawdefley, Rufford, Lathom, Bifpham, Tarleton, Bre-

tlierton, and Vines Walton, all in the County of Lancaster,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is, in the said several Townships, a considerable Extent of Low Lands, which are l'ubjed to be overflowed, and thereby much damaged, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were drained, it would be of great Advantage to the Owners and Proprietors thereof, and of Public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for draining the said Low Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr.

Bootle, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Stanley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending the several Acts passed for making, extending, finishing, and completing the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near Ashton under Lyne and Oldham, and the several Cuts and other Works authorized to be made and done by the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal Navigation, and for granting to the said Company further and other Powers: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Watkin Williams Wynn reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Act, pallet in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the Town of W, in the County of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the County of and from the Town of Mold to Northop, Holywell and -

lan, in the same County, and from thence to the Ferry House opposite the Town of , in the County of

Carnarvon, and from Ruthin to the said Town of Mold, as relates to the District of Road from the Town of Vol. 35:

Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the County of Flint, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with j and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the' House; and he read the Report in his Place; and, afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: — And,

Mr. Philip Humberstone, being examined, said, That the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken on the said Road, which Money, together with the Tolls, have been duly expended in the Execution of the said Acts: That the Money so borrowed cannot be repaid, nor can the said Road be properly maintained, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the said Acts are further continued, and the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his, late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the P„oad leading from the Town oh Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the County of Flint: And that Sir Wat km Williams Wynn and Mr. Williams Wynn do prepare, and bring Tn, The fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners of Estates within the Parish of Llanfwrog, in the County of Denbigh, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Commons and Waste Lands, in and upon which the Petitioners are entitled to a Right of Common; and that the said Commons and Waste Lands, in their present State, are of little Value, but if divided into specific Allotments, and inclosed, the same might be very considerably improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said' Commons and Waste Lands, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Watkin Williams Wynn and Mr. Williams Wynn do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees for executing Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of , in the County of Denbigh, to the Town of Mold, in the County of Flint, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees, appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts for the said District, have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which is still due and owing and cannot be paid of, and the said District of Road effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts, so far as the same relate thereto, are continued and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and

Llanfwrog It closure Petition.

Ruthin and Mold Road Petition.

Kingston upon Hull Streets and Dock Petition.

Ahmeuth nd

Alnwick K oat Is Billy

pltlCDtcU.

V/elford In-

cloloir u»U> prcJciiicd.

252

30 Mar.

A, 1 Boo,

alter and entarge the Powers, of the said Acts, with re-f|>eft to the said Dili rift, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Watkin Williams , Mr. Williams Wynn, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town or Borough of Kingston upon was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Town is very large and populous, and a Place of considerable Trade, and, from the great Increase of Inhabitants, and of the Trade and Commerce thereof, the Market Place of the said Town hath become too small, and the Streets, called The Butchery and Queen , near and leading to the said Market Place, are very narrow and incommodious; and that the Landing Places or Wharfs, used for the Ferry Boats and Market Boats belonging to the same Town, and for others resorting thither, are in a very inconvenient Situation, and from the crowded State of that Part of the River Hull (the old Harbour) where such Boats usually lie, they are liable to Accidents, Damage, and Delay, and the Lives of His Majesty's Subjects are thereby frequently endangered; and that it would contribute much to the Convenience and Accommodation as well of the Inhabitants of the said Town as of all others resorting thither, if the Market Place were enlarged and improved, and the Messuages, Tenements, and Buildings, on the East Sides of the said Streets, called The Butchery and Queen , and also certain Buildings in Blackjrier Gale, the Tow Ropery, and Humber Street, were taken down, and a wide and commodious Street made to extend from the South End of the Market Place aforesaid to the River Humber, and a Dock or Bason made at the South End thereof adjoining the said River, with a Landing Place or Wharf, for the Accommodation of such Ferry Boats and Market Boats as aforesaid: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Samuel Thornton, Mr. Henry Lascelles,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Matthew White Ridley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers and Provisions, of an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Alemouth, through Alnwick and Rothbury, to Hexham, and a Branch from the said Road, between Alnwick and Rothbury, to Jockey's Dike Bridge, in the County of Northumberland; and also, for altering the Termination of the said Road at the South End thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time/

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bragge presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Cormtion Fields, Common Pastures, and Common Meadows, within such Part of the Parish of

ford as is within the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being Informed that one of the Sheriffs Petition from of the City of London attended at the Door, he was Lon-

called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, don aspinft

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London; and Setting forth. That the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the said City, by virtue of, and under, divers Charters recognized and confirmed by divers Acts of Parliament, have had and ex.ercifed, and ought and have accustomed themselves to have and exercise, the Office of Bailiff and Conservator of the Water of Thames, to be exercised and occupied by the Mayor of the same City for the Time being, during the Time of his Mayoralty, or by his sufficient Deputies, in, upon, and about, the Water of Thames (that is to say) from the Bridge of the Town of Staines, in the County of Middlesex, and, towards the East, unto Lon-

don Bridge, and from thence to a certain Place called Kendall, otherwise Yenland, otherwise , towards

the Sea and East, and in Medway, and in the Port of the City of London aforesaid, and upon every Bank, and upon every Shore, and upon every Wharf, of the same Water of Thames, within the Limits and Bounds aforesaid, and in, upon, and about, all and every of them; and also for all the Time aforesaid have had and taken, and ought and have accustomed themselves to have and take, to their own proper Use, by the Mayor of the same City for the Time being, during the Time of his Mayoralty, or his sufficient Deputies, all Wages, Rewards, Fees, and Profits, belonging to the same Office of Bailiff; and that, if the said Bill should be patfed into a Law, the Rights and Privileges of the Petitioners would be invaded, and the Trade and Commerce of the said Port of London, where it has flourillied, for a great Length of Time, to the great- Benefit and Advantage of the City of London and the Kingdom in general, would unnecessarily, and in a very material Degree,' be removed from and out of the Control, Superintendance,

Care, and Protection, of the Petitioners; and that such Removal would not only be a Violation of the ancient Rights and Privileges of the Petitioners, but also be productive of themost ruinous and distressing Consequences to divers Incorporated Societies and Companies, as well as to great. Numbers of Individuals, acting under the Authority of the Petitioners, and employed in carrying on the said Trade and Commerce; and that the said Bill proposes to lay a further and general Impost upon the whole Commercial Tonnage which enters the Port of London, excepting Coasting Vessels; and that, the Petitioners and their Predecessors, ever anxious to accommodate, promote, and increasetheTrade of the Port of Louden, have from Time to Time devised and offered to execute Plans conducive to that End, and, actuated by such Motives, the Petitioners did, in Conjunction with the India Planters and Merchants, apply for and obtain, during the last Session of Parliament, an Act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London; and that the said Act provides against the Perils and Delays attending the Navigation of the River, by a Navigable Cut, or Cannl, across the ljle of Dogs-, and that it provides for the Reception and complete Accommodation, in Docks, of the Whole of the West India Trade; and that it authorizes the Appointment of Harbour Mailers, and gives full Powers for effectually regulating the mooring and Rationing of the

remaining

4o Geo. III. 36 Mar til. 2 5 3

remaining Part of the Shipping, which frequents the River Thames; and that the Undertakings directed by the said A ft are in great Forwardness, and are such as, when completed, will (as the Petitioners are ready to make appear to the House) preclude the Necessity of the said Bill; and that, should it hereafter be found, that further Accommodations are (till wanting for the Commerce of the Port of Lon, the Petitioners will readily undertake such additional Works as may be thought expedient by the House; and the Petitioners hope that, while the great and expensive Works, directed by the said Act, are going on with all possible Expedition, the House will not encourage Speculations, especially such as are proposed by the present Bill, which, though not called for by any Commercial Necessity, since the parting of the said Act, must greatly increase the burthensome Charges of the Port, ferioully depreciate, if not destroy, an immense Property, confiding of Wharfs, Warehouses, and other Buildings connected with the Water Side, in and near the City of London, and deeply violate the most ancient Corporate Rights and Privileges of the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Committee on The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Tuesday lad, for the House to resolve itself into a Com-Com, ice.'de- mittee of the whole House, Tomorrow, to consider fur-Arred. ther of the Report which was made from the Committee

appointed to consider of Means for rendering more effectual the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for better regulating the Aiiize and making of Bread," and who were indrufted to cor.fider of the most effectual Means of remedying any Inconveniences which may arise from the Deficiency of the lad Crop of Grain, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; i Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

l«port Supply. Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; loan to ire? Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, lm<1 That a Sum, not exceeding Two Millions, be granted

to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to make Remittances from Time to Time, to be applied to His Service in Ireland, in such Manner as shall be approved by the Parliament of that Kingdom, on Provision being made by the said Parliament for defraying the Intered and Charges of a Loan to that Amount.

National Debt. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Two Hundred Thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.-

Vol. 55.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in Upon the lad of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr Townshend, Mr. John

Mr. Douglas, Mr. Pybus, Mr. Attorney General, Mr.

Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Rcr-rt Ways Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred a,d to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Advance by That the Monies, which shall be paid into the Receipt the Bank, for of His Majesty's Exchequer, by the Governor and ^^nof Company of the Bank of England, for the Extension of the Term of their Charter, not exceeding the Sum of Three Millions, be applied towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House was moved, That the Resolution which, upon the 2id Day of February lad, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of extending the Term of the Charter of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, granted and confirmed to them by an Act, made in the Twenty-fird Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing an Agreement " with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing the Sum of Two Millions, towards " the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand " Seven hundred and Eighty-one," and which Resolution was, upon Tuesday lad, agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth;

" Resolved, That it is expedient to continue to the " Bank of England, for a further Term of Twenty-one " Years, the Privileges secured to them by an Act, passed " in the Twenty-fird Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank " of England, for advancing the Sum of Two Millions " towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One " thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, on the " Conditions contained in the Proposal made by the " Governor and Company of the Bank of England for " that Purpose."

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution, and upon the Resolution now reported and agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Townshend, Mr. John

Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Pybus, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Cemmatee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, jn[; fffff upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Spinu ami Duties of Excise on British and Foreign Spirits and Tea, TcJ‘ be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

5 T Ordered,

Committee on )>iil for raising a Sum by Annuities *

Im port on Sunjing Order ici.tive to Xnclof ue Bills, fWilier coti-fiucaJ.

Lr ft Resolution made a Sund-in- Order.

S'wlv, dc-

W?ys and

Ai'-iMs, de-fenecL

Y^anrnnftpr Roads Passion.

254

f-41

Martii.

A. 180O1

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Upon the Bill for raising the Sum of Twenty Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Way of Annuities, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Braize took the Chair of the Committee.

00

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Braggs reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to re port, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further ConfrJeration the Report which was -made from the Committee, who were appointed to take into ConT sideration the Standing Order of this House, of the 27th Day of June, in the last Session of Parliament, relative to Bills of Inclosurej and to report the fame,-with their Opinion thereupon, to the House: -

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Refutations of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the last of the said Resolutions be mad? a Standing Order of this House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 40 die Martii }

Anno 40' Georgii III,il Regis, 1800. Prayers.

A PETITION of several of the Trustees, appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the Town of Warmhfier, in the County of Wilts, to a

Place where the Roads to B and divide,' and from the Town of Frame to the Town of Beckington, in the County of Somerset, and for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, relating to the said Roads, and for repairing the Road from or near the Red Lion, in the Parish of -verton, in the said County of Somerset, to Rode Bridge, and from the said Bridge to the Turnpike Road leading from Trozvbridge, by White Trough, to Beckington aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Roads properly amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged,; and that the present Road leading from the Flower-de-luce I;m,in the Parish of Norton St. Philip, to a certain

Lane called Chivers's Lam, being in Length 240 Yards,

or thereabouts, is very-narrow, and incommodious for Travellers and Carriages, and it would be convenient to all Persons travelling the said Road if Power was given to make a new Road from the said Flower-de-luce Inn, to join the present Road leading towards Charter house Hinton, at or near the said Lane, in the said Parish of Norton St. Philip; and, in order to make the said Road , more convenient for the Public, it will be necessary that the Petitioners should be authorized to puli down and remove certain Messuages and other Buildings in or near the said Parish of Norton St. Philip, and to carry the said Road through Gardens and other Grounds, which they are not at present empowered to do; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in,a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Dickinson, Mr. Core -ton, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Town I"3" and Borough of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, tl(jjJ and of several other Persons residing in the Neighbourhood thereof, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners, in or about the Year 1779, built a Bridge across the River Tawey, at a Place called The Wich Tree, near Swansea, in the Parish of Lanfamlett, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Langevelach, in the said County, and have made pro-

per Avenues or Roads to and from the same for Three or Four Miles on each Side thereof, as they were authorized by an Act passed for that Purpose, the Expence of which amounted to the Sum of £. 2,300. lent upon the Credit of the Tolls of the said Bridge; and that tire Tolls of the said Bridge have, for some Years back, been let by Auction for the Sum of £. 83 only, which is too short to pay the Interest of the Debt due upon the said Tolls by the Sum of £. 30 per Annum, and the said AQc will soon expire: And therefore praying. That the said Act may be renewed, and the Powers thereof enlarged, and that there may be an additional Toll granted for making a better Communication with the Town of Swansea from the said Road, at or near,

by a Place called Green Hill, and for Payment of the ln-terest of the Expence to be incurred thereby, and of the said Debt of £. 2,300. due upon the Tolls of the said Bridge.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Evelyn James Stuart, Mr.

Wyndham, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers-, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Neath Rr.. thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and pctUon."^ others, Owners of Estates, or Inhabitants, within the County of Glamorgan, was presented to the House, and read.; Setting forth, That there was lately an ancient Bridge, extending from the Town of Neath, over the River Neath, to the Parish of Cadox/on junta Neath, all in the County of Glamorgan, and the Owners and Occupiers of Estates, within the several Parishes and Flam-lets of Neath, Britonferry, Lower Refo/ven,

Killebebill, and Cadoxtone near Neath, were bound to keep the said Bridge in Repair; and that the Communication between the said Town of Neath and the Town

of

40 Geo III 40 Ivlartiu $55

o i Stvattftd, in the said County, both Sea Ports, and Places of great Trade, and between other Places of great Trade, and several distant Parts of the Kingdom, and Principality of Wales, was over the said Bridge; and that, in the Year 1792, the said Bridge was become very much out of Repair, ant], from the Narrowness thereof, very inconvenient to the increased Number of Travellers and Passengers going over the fame, and it was, upon a Survey, found to be in so very ruinous a State, that, instead of repairing, it would be mQlt expedient to rebuild the fame, and, in Consequence thereof, a Meeting was held of the Owners of Estates, and Inhabitants, within the Neighbourhood, when it was resolved, that the said Bridge should be taken down, and a new Bridge built instead, and that the Tenants, in the several Pa-rithes and Hamlets aforesaid, who were obliged to repair the old Bridge; should be called on to contribute so much to the Expence of erecting such new Bridge as they would respectively have been obliged to contribute to the Repair of the old Bridge; and that a Subscription should be opened among the Proprietors of Estates within the said Parishes and Places, and also among all other Owners and Occupiers of Estates, within the said County, for raising the Remainder of the Sum which would be required to build a new Bridge; and that a Subscription was accordingly opened, and the Sum of jf, 1,000. was subscribed and paid; and that the Sum of jf.410. being the Amount of what it was estimated would have been the Expence of repairing the old Bridge, was adjudged to be die Proportion of the Expence of building a Bridge, which should be borne by the said several Parishes and Hamlets, of which the Sum of £ 400. has also been paid; and that Meetings, being from Time to Time held, for conducting the Business, it was determined that the Building of the new Bridge should be carried on under the Management and Direction of an open Committee of the Subscribers, and accordingly, in 1793, the said Committee engaged a Surveyor to superintend. the Building of the said Bridge, and to agree with the different Workmen nectlfary for that Purpose, and a new Bridge was accordingly erected, and the Expence of £. 1,900. has been already incurred, but the Parapet Walls of the said Bridge, the Approaches to the fame, and several other Works appurtenant thereto, are not yet completed; and that the Money subscribed, amounting to the Sum of 1,000. and the Money received from the said several Parishes and Hamlets, amounting to the Sum of ^.400. and jointly to the Sum of £. 1,400. has been applied towards Discharge of the said Sum of £. 1,900. the Amount of the Expence already incurred as aforesaid, but the Balance of £-500. is ftiil due on that Account, and it will require a considerable Sum to complete the Bridge, and render < it commodious for Travellers and Passengers; and that, inasmuch as all Persons having Occasion to pass over the said Bridge, as well those resident in the Neighbourhood thereof, as the Public at large, are much accommodated by the Erection thereof, and as the Committee of Subscribers, who have conducted and directed the Building of the said Bridge, may have made themselves liable to the Payment of the said Debt, now due on Account thereof, it is expedient that a Toll should be authorized to be taken for the Passage over the said Bridge, for the Purpose of discharging all Debts now due, and owing, on Account of the Building thereof, and also for raising Money sufficient to complete the same: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given-to bring in a Bill for finithing and completing the said Bridge, and for railing Money to pay the Debts which have already been incurred in erecting the fame, in such Manner, and under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Y 01.55.

And it is referred to Lord Evelyn James Stuart, Mr. IVyud-ham, &c.; And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Portreeve, Aldermen, and B irgcffes, of the Borough of Neath, the Company of Proprietors of the Neath Canal Navigation, and ot several Proprietors of Lands, Collieries, Copper Works, Smelting Houses, Iron Furnaces, Founderies, and Forges, Tin Plate Mills, Alum Works, and various other Manufactories, in and near the Harbour and River of Neath, within the Port of Szvaufea, in the County of Glamorgan, and of several other Persons concerned in the Trade and Navigation of the said Harbour and River, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That many extensive Collieries, Copper Works, Smelting Houses, Iron Furnaces, Founderies, and Forges, Tin Plate Mills, Alum Works, and various other Manufactories and Works, are established in and near the said Harbour and River of Neath, and the same is become a Place of great Trade, and a considerable Nurfpry for Seamen; and that the Bar of the said Harbour, as well as the Harbour and River from the Commencement of the Bar to Neath Bridge, are much obstructed by Sand, Stone, and other Things, thrown up by the Sea, vvalhed down by Floods, or otherwise accumulating the re, to the great Prejudice of the Navigation; and that, if proper Powers Were given for cleansing, deepening, and otherwise improving, the said Bar and Harbour, from its Commencement to Neath Bridge, within the said Port, and for regulating the Pilotage, Porterage, Moorage, Anchorage, Navigation and Ballastage there, for the Accommodation of the Trade of the said Harbour, and of all Ships and Vessels referring thereto, it would be attended with great Convenience and Benefit to the Petitioners, and all others concerned in the Commerce thereof, and be of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the Purposes aforesaid, with such Powers, and under such Regulations, as to the House tliall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Evelyn James Stuart, Mr. Wyndham, Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of ttie several Persons, whose Names are thereunder subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, the Owners and Proprietors of the several Messuages. Cottages, Frontsteads, Lands, and Tenements, within the Manors, Lordships, or Townships of We a-verthorpe, Helperthorpe, West Lutton, and Raft and the Pari fir of Weaverthorpe, in the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manors, Lordflrips, or Townfiiips, and Parish, several Open Common Fields, Lands, Pastures, Leys, Commons, and other Waste Lands and Grounds, containing, by Estimation, about 8,100 Acres; and that it would be of great Advantage to the Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to them, according to their respective Rights and Interests, and if an adequate Compensation was given in lieu of all Tythes a/id other Ecclesiastical Dues: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said several Open Common Fields, Lands, Pastures, Leys, Commons, and other Waste Lands and Grounds, and for making an adequate Compensation or Satisiy:-tion in lieu of all Tythes and other Ecclesiastical Dues, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

' Ordered,

Neath Harbour

i'ClIllOJU

Weaverthorpe, fee. Incloluic Petition.

Noman's AloorIn-ciomre JPe-tition.

Mn^on, Flot-

Itianhy, &c.

Drainage Petition, reported.

256 ,4

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberfm-ce and Mr. Henry do prepare, and

bring in, the same *

A Petition of the Right honourable Thomas Earl of Ailefbury, and of the Right honourable Thomas Lord Bolton, and Jean Mary his Wife, and the humble Petition of certain other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was prei'ented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is a large Tract of Ground, used in common by the Petitioners and others, known by the Name of Noman's Moor, otherwise Norman s Moor, in the North Riding of the County of containing

600 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in its present undivided State, is of small Value, but capable of very great Improvement by Cultivation, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Moor, subject to such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Henry Lafceland Mr. Buxton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of Sir John Baronet, Sir

George Cayley, Baronet, Sir Christopher Sykes, Baronet, Richard Langley, Esquire, Joseph Esquire, and the several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, Owners and Proprietors of Estates within the several Parishes, Townships, or Places, of Muston, EastFlotmanby, fVeJi mahby, Folkton, Flixton, Staxton, tVillerby, ten. Potter Brompton, Sherburn, East Hejlerton, W ton, Yeddingham, Knapton, Winteri Billing-

ton, Scagglethorpe, Setterington, and Norton, in the East

Riding of the County of York, and also, within the several Parishes, Townships, or Places, of Old Mahon, Pickering, Thornton, Allerjion, Ebberston, Yeddingham Abbey, Snainton,

Brampton, Rufton, Wykeham, Hutton Bushell, West Ay ton, East Ay ton, Orton, Seamer, Cayton, Lebberston, and Grijl-horpe, in the North Riding of the same County, some or one of them, was referred j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Notices required by the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Drainage Bills, had not been given in the Manner directed by the said Standing Orders, the Necessity of applying to Parliament, in the present Session, for Power to drain the Lands mentioned in the Petition, not having arisen until the Middle of the Month of September last, when, on Account of the then very wet Season, and the great Injury done thereby to the Lands in that Part of the Country, the Parties interested determined to take immediate Steps for applying to Parliament, and gave Orders to their Agent to give the regular Notices for that Purpose in due and accustomed Form, who accordingly employed Persons forthwith to affix the Notices upon the Doors of all the Churches of the Parishes through which the Drainage was to be made, on Sunday the 2 id of September; but some of the said Persons, from a Misconstruction of the Standing Orders, and not pursuing the specific Directions which they had received, finding that Divine Service w;as not to be performed on that Day at some of the Churches, affixed the Notices upon the Doors of the Public Houses near-eft to such Parish Churches; and that they also, from the same Misapprehension, neglected to ascertain that the like Notices were actually affixed on the Church Doovs for the Two following Sundays-, and that, imme-di/.ely on the Necessity for the said Application having arisen, a similar Notice was advertised in The York Cou-rant of the t6thof September, and in this Notice all the

A. 1800.

Parishes and Townships, through which the Drainage was intended to be made, were particularly named; and the Committee further found, that, exclusive of the Notices so given, there had been Two Public Meetings, on the 16th of December and the 28th of January last, specially called for the Purpose, and, in Consequence of such First Meeting, their Proceedings were advertised in The York Chronicle, of the 26th of December, and the 2d of January, and Hand Bills Were also distributed in the several Parishes, in the Month of OAuber, preparatory to the General Meeting held the 16th of;

and that the Committee had also examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed Your Committee,-That there are within the several Parishes, Townships, or Places, above-mentioned, certain large Tracts of Low Lands, the Property of the Petitioners and others, containing in the Whole Ten Thousand Acres, and upwards, through which the Rivers Derwent and Harford have their separate and conjoined Courles: That the Channels and Beds of the said Rivers are very insufficient to contain and convey the Flood Waters thereof within their present Limits; and such Flood Waters being also greatly impeded in their Passage by the many winding Directions in which the said Rivers take their Courses, the said Lands are thereby subject to be frequently overflowed and injured, and by reason thereof the same are incapable of any considerable Improvement, or of being put into a State of Cultivation; and that in order to prevent such Injury to the said Lands, and to improve the same by an effectual Drainage, it is expedient that a Cut, of sufficient Dimensions to afford a free Passage for the Waters of the Derwent in all Times of Flood, should be made, to branch out of the same River at or near a Place within the Parish of Hack-ness, in the said North Riding, called Ever ley, and to be continued from thence Eastwards, through certain Lands within the same Parish, to and into a Brook within the Parish of Scalby, within the same Riding, called Seal by Beck, and the same Cut to be from thence continued in or near to the present Course of the said BrOok, through the said Parish of Scalby, down to the Sea, there to discharge the Whole of such Waters: That the Beds or Channels of the said Rivers iliould be so deepened, widened, altered, and embanked, where necessary, as at all Times to' admit, within the proper Limits thereof, a free Course for the Waters having to pals along the fame; and that such Drainage as aforesaid vviil be highly beneficial to the Petitioners, and of Public Utility.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted, that Notices may be given on Three Sundays in the present Month of March, and in the Month of April next, by-affixing the same upon the Church Doors of the several Parishes described in the Petition, of the Application to Parliament for the Purposes mentioned in the said Petition.

Mr. AJlley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Norwich, and of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of all the Estates in the Parish of in

the County of Norfolk, to which belong Rights of Common, over and upon the Commons and Waste Grounds in the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Scantling Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had not been complied with, it not having been determined to apply to Parliament for the Ir.cloture of the Commons and Watte

Lands

S prow Hon I cloiMie Petition,: per? ed.

40 Geo. III. 4 Martiu

Lands within the said Parish, until the Month of last; and that all the Proprietors, interested in the Lands proposed to be indofed, have signed the Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Pet it ion, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it ih at the Clefk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Morse, being examined, laid, That the Commons

and Waste Lands within the said Parish, are, in their present State, incapable of anyconsiderable Improvement, but if the same were inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the Persons interested therein, according to their several and respective Rights, great Advantage would be derived therefrom: — And the Witness added, That it will be attended with a great Loss to the Petitioners, if Leave be not given to bring in a Bill for making such Allotments and Inclosurein the present Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Open Fields, Common Meads, and Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of , in the

Counties of Wilts and Berks, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth, That there are, in the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, and other Commons, and Waste Lands and Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and that the tame might be greatly improved, if divided, and specific Allotments made unto the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and allotting the said Fields, Meadows, and Lands, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Buxton and Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Ovinf>ton in- A. Pet fl°n of James , Esquire, Lord of the cloture Pe- Manor of Raham Toney, in the County of Norfolk, and, in iuion. Right of the said Manor, Paramount Lord in the Parish of

Ovington, in the same County, on Behalf of himself and divers Proprietors of Estates in Ovington aforesaid, having Rights of Sheepwalk, Common of Pasture, and otherwise interested in the Commons, Commonable Wood Grounds, and Waste Lands, within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Commons, Commonable Wood Grounds, and Waste Lands, lie open, and are subject: to certain Rights of Sheepwalk and Common, and certain Parts of the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish, called Whole Year Lands and Open Fields, are inconveniently situated for the respective Owners, but, if the same were divided and " inclosed, and specific Shares allotted to the different Per-

ibns concerned, according to their respective Rights and Interests, it would be of great Advantage to them, and of Public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. /f Icy and Mr. Buxton do prepare, and bring in, the fame

llcviiam and A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers Aifton Road and Provisions, of an Act, passed in ti e Eighteenth Year mitiet0' ET'S present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Summerrcds Bar, near the Town of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Aifton, in the County of Cumberland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Beaumont, Mr. Grey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Clenwhelt, A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers &c. Road Bill, and Provisions, of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth committed, year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Car life and Newcastle upon Tyne Turnpike Road, near to another Part of

the said Carlife and Newcastle Road upon Shildon Common, in the County of Northumberland; and for altering the Termination of the said Road at the West End thereof, and extending the same to, or near to, Gienwlielt, in the said County} and for making and repairing a Branch Road from the said Road at Cor bridge to the Military Road at Heddon on the Wall, in the said County of Northumberland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That t^ie Bill be committed to Mr. Beaumont, Mr. Grey, &d: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Shatboam Di- A Petition of the Right honourable Thomas Bruce, lotment Earl of Ailefbury, and the humble Petition of John Barns, t»on. , ' and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto -subsepbed, being Owners or Proprietors of Commoner

Vol. 55-

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are there- Elf ion, & <. Unto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and altering, the Road from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road at Elfdon High Cross, near the Town of Elfdon, in the County of Northumberland, on the North Ealt Side of the River Reed, through Over Acres, Elifhazv, and to the Red Swyre upon the Mid Border betwixt England and Scotland, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That several Sums of Money have been "borrowed for the Purpose of making and completing the said Road, which, together with the Tolls collected, have been applied in discharging the Interest of the Sums so borrowed, in paying off some of the Principal Money, and in repairing the said Road; and that Part of the Money so borrowed still remains due, and the Term of the said Act is near expiring, if not already expired; and that the said Road is of great Public Utility, tends to the Improvement of the Estates in the Neighbourhood thereof, both in England and Scotland, and to the Increase of the Trade and Commerce of the Town of Nezvcajtle upon Tyne, the County of Northumberland, and the County of Roxburgh, and forms a Part of the Line of that Road, which is by many Miles the nearest Road between the,

City of London and the City of Edinburgh; and that, by reason of the many heavy Carriages passing and rc-pa fling upon the same in all Seasons of the Year, the said Rond is constantly requiring Reparation, and the Materials used for a great Part thereof are of such a soft Nature that it is impossible to keep the said Road in Repair, or pay and keep down the Interest of the Money borrowed, unless the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged, altered, and amended: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for reviving and extending the Term granted by the said Act, and for enlarging, altering, and amending, the Powers thereof, and for other the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Burdon, Mr. Beaumont, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Chinon in-thereunto subscribed, heing Owners and Proprietors of, Pe ' or interested in, the O^en and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Panlb, Ma^-

3 U ‘ flor,

f T

58 4 M 1800 .

nor, or Tithing, of Chirton, otherwise Cherrington, in the Committee had examined, and found that the Stand-County of Wilton Behalf of themselves and others, ing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, was presented to the House, and readj Setting forth, had been complied with} and that the Committee had That the said Lands and Grounds are, in their present examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had di-State, incapable of any considerable Improvement j and reded him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, it would be very advantageous to the Persons interested to the House } and he read the Report in his Place; and therein, if the same were divided and inclosed: And afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Mem-Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, ber present informed Your Committee, That the Road as the House shall think proper. from Stonehaven, by the , or Slug-mouth, to

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- , which pafles through the Parishes of

suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Durris, and or Ternan, in the

Penruddocke Wyndham and Mr. Buxton do prepare, and said County, being at present in bad Repair, and incon-bring in, the fame. venient to Travellers, the Proprietors and Occupiers of

Land in that Neighbourhood, as well as the Public in Mr. Jodrell reported from the Committee, to whom general, would be much benefited, if a Road was opened the Bill for continuing the Term of Two Acts, One made and made from or near the Harbour and Town- of Stone-in the Twelfth Year, and the other in the Twenty-fifth haven, through the said Parishes, to Cobleheugh, to pass Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for clearing, the Mount, or Mouth, South-East of cross

depthening, repairing, maintaining, and improving, the the Burn of Shiach, at Blairydryne, and that of Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth, and for depthening, at Knappack, to join the Public Road about and making more navigable the several ^livers empty- thence to pass Westward by the Lower Bridge over the ing themselves into the said Haven,' and preserving River Feugh, to the New Bridge over the River Dee, in-Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire; and elusive, and Bridges built in the Line of such Road,

Sftfo for building a new Bridge over the Haven of Great across the Water of Couie, and the Barns of Shiach and Yarmouth; and for altering and enlarging the Powers; the Direction and Execution of the Roads

.thereof, so far as the same relate to the said Haven and and Bridges to be, as nearly as expedient, according to Piers, was committed j That the Committee had exa- the Plans by Charles Abercrombie, the Surveyor; and mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same thereafter the Road, thele Bridges, and those over the to be true} and that the Committee had gone through Feugh and Dee, before-mentioned, were kept in Repair} the Bill^ and made several Amendments thereunto, and if a Fund was provided for thele Purposes, and which they haddireded him to report to the House; and Commissioners appointed to borrow Money, levy Tolls he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered or Duties, and the whole Powers which the Legislature the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: usually commit to those entrusted with the Execution

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and Care of Turnpike Roads.

and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the making and repairing the Road from the Town of House. through The to the new Bridge over t he

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- River Dee, at Cobleheugh, in the County of grofled. And that Sir John Stuart and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame. ltor ford, 4c. A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

Allotment" 1 thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of A Petition of the Governor and Company of the Petition. divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, and en- Bank of England, was presented to the House, and titled to certain Rights of Common, and other Rights read; Setting forth, That by virtue of the Powers and and Interests, within the adjoining Parishes of Horsford Authorities granted by several Acts, made in the Fourth, and Horsham Saint Faith's, and the Hamlet of Newton Fifth, Sixth, Twenty-first, and Twenty-third Years of Saint Faith's, in the County of Norfolk, was presented the Reign- of His present Majesty, sundry Houses, to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are. Ground, Hereditaments, and Premises, were purchased within the said Parishes and Hamlet, divers Lands and by, and vested in, the Petitioners, and the Edifice of the Grounds, called Half Year or Shack Lands, Warrens, Bank was very much enlarged and extended, and the Commons, Heaths, Commonable Lands, and Waste Passages leading thereto made more commodious for the Grounds, which are subject to certain Rights of Sheep- Public; and that, in consequence of the great Incrcaie walk, Shackage, and Common, and great Part thereof of Public Debt, and of the Public Business t ran ladled is inconveniently situated for the respective Owners and by the Petitioners, and also the Extension of their Proprietors, and it would be advantageous to the Parties Dealings and Transactions with Individuals, the Scite interested therein, if the said -Rights of Sheepwalk, upon which the said Edifice now {lands is inadequate to Sh^pkage, and Common, were extinguished, and the enable the Petitioners to erect safe, proper, and conve-. said Half Year or Shack Lands, Warrens, Commons, nient Offices for the Transaction and Management of Heaths, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, were the important Concerns placed under their Manage-divided, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several ment and Direction; and that the Avenues leading to, Persons interested therein, according to their respective and adjoining, the said Edifice, on the East and Well . Rights and Interests: And therefore praying,. That Sides thereof, are narrow and inconvenient, and the Peti-Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose tioners are'desirous to widen and render the same more aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to commodious, and, in particular, to continue the West the House shall seem meet. Avenue, called Princes Street, in a direct Line from the

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- Front of the Mansion House to Lothbury, and to pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. chafe all the Houses, Ground, and Premises requisite for and Mr. i?KA./o» do prepare, and bring in, the fame, that Purpose, and to take the Angle which will be

thereby made on the East Side of such Street or Avenue, Kincardine Sir John Stuart reported from the Committee, to whom when so improved as aforesaid, into, and to make it Part tion^rc^'rted the Petition of the Persons (hereunto subscribing. He- of, the Scite of the Bank, and by that Means enable the P° rjtors an(j Occupiers of Land, in the County of Kincar- Petitioners to increase and extend the Public Offices - dine, or otherwise interested in the Road proposed to be thereof; and that the said Avenue on the West Side of . made, as thereafter mentioned, was referred; That the the Bank, called Princes Street, is now very narrow and 5 crooked.

Yarmouth Haven Bill, reported.

Bank Buildings Petition.

40 Geo. Ill, 4 Martii.2$<)

crooked, inso much that if the Houses on the West Side thereof, opposite to the Bank, Qiould take Fire, the Safety of the said Edifice would be greatly endangered, and it is therefore of great Public Importance that the said Avenue should be widened, and made more commodious, and proceed in a direct Line from Mansion House Street to Lothbury; and'that the South End of

lomezv Lane, opposite the South East Corner of the said Edifice, -and immediately fronting the North Gate of the Royal Exchange, is very narrow and incommodious, and the Petitioners are desirous of purchasing Four Houses, forming the North West Corner of the said Street called Bartholomew , for the Purpose of taking down the fame, in order to widen and render more commodious the Avenue on the East Side of the Bank; and, to fender the said Improvement.complete, it will be re-quisite to make a Foot Passage through the lower Part of the Tower of Saint Bartholomew's Church, adjoining the said Houses: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the Purposes aforesaid, under l'uch Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall appear to be just and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Samuel , the Lord

Mayor-of London, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Wendlebury A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open commi"ttedBin' an<^ Common Arable Meadow, Ley Pasture, and Waste ' Lands, within the Parish of Wendlebury, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. John Fane, See.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Culham Indo- A Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto tuie Petition, subscribed. Owners of Estates in the Parish of Culham, otherwise Cu/nham, in the County of Oxjord, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, , within tire said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, which lie intermixed and dispersed, lb as to render the Cultivation thereof very inconvenient; but, if the same were divided and allotted amongst the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and . Interests,. and such Allotments inclosed, they would be v rendered of much greater Value, and might be much improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-. closing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Charles Spencer and Mr. John. Fane do prepare, and bring jn, the fame.

Ch?fter Police, A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and &c. Petition. such other Citizens and Inhabitants, of and within the City of Chester, and County of the same City, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better regulating the Poor, maintaining a Nightly Watch, Lighting, Paving, and Cleansing the Streets, Rows, and Passages, providing Fire Engines and Firemen, and regulating the Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Carmen, and Porters, within the City of Chester', and that the Powers granted by the said Act are insufficient to answer the Purposes thereby intended, (except so for VOL. 55.

as relates to regulating the Poor) and it would tend ‘ greatly to the Health, Safety, and Comfort of the Inhabitants of the said-City, and others retorting thereto, if the City was properly and effectually watched, lighted; and cleaned, and the Police thereof properly regulated j and that the Squares, Streets, Rows, Public Lane;

Roads, Passages, and Places within the said City, are much out of Repair, narrow, and inconvenient, and new Streets, or Lanes, are wanted, and the Bridge over the Dee, within the said City, and the Avenues thereto; are very narrow and inconvenient, and it would be of great Public Utility that the said Squares, Streets, Rows;

Public Lanes, Roads, Passages, and Places, should be improved, and that the said Bridge, and Avenues thereto, should be rebuilt or widened: And therefore praying;

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to repeal the said Act, (except so far as relates to regulating the Poor) and for effecting the Purposes before-mentioned; with such Powers and Provisions as to the House may -seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Viscount;

Mr. Grosvenor,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Bonwftown-thereto subscribed, Trustees for repairing and widening the Road from Borrozvjlownness, by the Borough of Linlithgow, and by the Towns of Torph Bathgate, and '

Whiteburn, to the Confines of the County of Linlithgow, at or near Hollhouseburn, was presented to the House, and

read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Port of Borrozvjlownness, by the West of the Borough of Linlithgow, and by the Towns of Torphichen,

and fVhiteburn, and from thence Southward, to the Con-

fines of the County of Linlithgow, at or near burn; and that the Trustees thereby appointed have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and sundry Sums of Money have been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which have been applied in making and repairing the said Road, and carrying the Purposes of the said Act into Execution; but the same cannot be completely repaired, or kept in Repair, or the Money so bor-> rowed, with the Interest thereof, repaid, unless the Term of the jmd Act be continued, the Tolls varied, and the Powers rhereof altered and enlarged-: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such. Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hope, Mr. Douglas, tcc. i And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds arid Mr. The Lord Pophami . have agiecd t *

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Marine Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine MuunJ'B|U Forces, while on Shore; without any Amendment >

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An M ney, v?. Act for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual " ii» S.-c. an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of ra, ruie ® King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for drain-

" ins.

fcaft Horseley ^nd Ockham Division Hill, ttimmkted.

Bank Airrce-ment Bill, preiemed.

Account of % Vheat, &c. am ported and «xported presented *

Bill for raising a Sum by Annuities reported.

Bill for grant-ire Duties on 4piiit and Tea, repoited.

6o 4° — 50 Martii. A. 1800,

* ing and pfeferving certain Fen Lands in the several Parishes of Maney, Upwell, Welne

" am, and in a certain extra-parochial Place in grossed.

" within the Isle, of Ely, and County of Cambridge without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for (eparating the Commons or Waste Grounds of the Manor of East Horseleyin the County of Surrey, which lie in the several Parishes of East Horseley and Ockham, within the said Manor, and for settling the Rights of Common thereon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Frederick, Lord William Russell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing the Sum of Three Millions, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

The House being informed that Mr. Inspector

General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Wheat, Wheat Flour, Oats, Oatmeal, Barley, and Rye, imported into, and exported from. Great Britain, from the Year 1794 to the latest Period to which the same can be made up; distinguishing the Years, and the Places from whence and where exported and imported.

And then he withdrew'.

And the Title of the said Account Was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other

Papers of this Session.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole Floufe, to whom the Bill for raising the Sum of Twenty Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities, was committed, the Amendments which' the Committee had made to thf Bill, and which they had directed him to report - to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be n grossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on

Britishand Foreign Spirits, and Tea, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards.dclivcred the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according td Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two Hundred Thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Marion with Grafton, in the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found-the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their^Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered, the Bill, with tile Ameqdments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be n grossed.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and attering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending the Roads from the Town of Halifax, and from Sowerby Bridge, in the County of York, by Todmorden, to Burnley and in the County of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilber force,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 50 die Mat'tii;

Anno 40° Georgii III " Regis, 1S00. Prayers.

MR. Dickinson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing Two Acts, One made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from thfr Half-way House, in the Parish of Lower Compton, in the County of Dorset, through the Towns of Yeovil, Crezvkerne, and Chard, to the Eatt End of the Town of Axminster, in the County of Devon, and several other Roads therein mentioned; and also for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year

1

National Debt Bill, presented.

Marton Inclosure BiiJ» reported.

Dalifax and Sown by Bridge Roads Bill, committed.

Lo ver Compton and Yeovil, &c. Roads Bill, presenterd.

40 Geo. IIL

5° Mar Hi

261

Ivelchester Roads Bill, reported.

of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town t>f , in the County of Somerset, as relates to repairing the Road from the Direction Port in W through Lane, to Chard; and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes, and for altering and diverting certain Parts of the said Roads: And the same was received; and read the Fird Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Dickinson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for more efle&ually amending, widening, improving, >nd keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Town of Ivelcheftin the County of Somerset, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the.

Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they bad directed him to report to the House; ?ind he read the Report in his Placeand afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;' and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the.

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed tp by the" House. ‘ .

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Hiimfpfli, &<. A Petition of the several Persons, whose NameS are . inciofurePe- thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and

tn n.

others. Owners and Proprietors of Estates in (the Parishes . of Hunt [pill, Cannington, Stockland, , and

in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish of Hwufpill, certain Open and Commonable Arable Lands, and a certain Close of Land, called Great South Field, wherein divers Persons have small detached Parcels, which lie very much intermixed, and very ,in-, conveniently lhuated for the Occupation thereqf; apd that there is, within the said Parishes' of Himtfpill, Canning ton, Stockland, Bristol,'and a certain Op?n, and Commonable Failure, called or. known by the Name' of, Stert Common, wherein divers Owners! of ,.fifeat.es,' within the said Parishes, have Right of Compton, and which pallurc Land,.seeing bounded by the Bristol. Chan-, nel and the River Panelt, i$ liable to be much injured, by Floods; and that it would be oFgreat,"Benejiit and! Advantage to the several. Proprietors of, anse Persons tp-'' terested in, the said Commonable. Arable Lands, ahcl Great South Field, if the several Parers thereof‘wetei exchanged, allottee), find, (except, Greyl Soujh Field],fa-clpfed, and it, would also be of great Benefit;, and Auvan

v tage, to the several Proprietors of, and Persons in^efefeea in, the said Open and Commonable Failure, if the same was divided and allotted, and such Allotments inclbfed and improved, and preservd from being injured , by Floods: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for exchanging, allotting, and inclosing the said Open Commonable Arable Lands, and for exchanging and allotting Great South Field,' and for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving the said Open Commonable Padure Land, in such Manper, and under such. Regulations ijhd Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said, Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that, they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. My.

ton, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber,; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Petition of A Petition of Richard Bendyflie, of Barrington, in the Mr. Bemtyflie, County of Cambridge, Esquire, was presented to the Barrington House, and read; Setting forth. That, in jJie.Year 1796, Inclosure. V O L. 55.

an Act was passed for dividing and inclosing certain. Lands in the Parish of Barrington, in the County of Cambridge, and, on the 18th of June 1796, the Commissioners authorized to execute the said Act met and qualified themselves, and afterwards adjourned to Arrington, in the said County, and appointed the ill of August 1796 for the Day of Meeting; and that, in the Year 1795, Trinity College, in Cambridge, mho are Lords

of the Manor oi Bonington, employed a Person to fur-

vey and make a Map of the Parish, and, at the Meeting held on the said ill Day of August 1796, One of the Commissioners produced the said Map, which the Two other Commissioners -refused to inspect, but directed Mr., Thomas Thorpe to make a Survey of the Parish, and appointed him Surveyor vpder the Ad; and that the Petitioner conceives it was the Duty of the Commissioners to have inspected and examined the Map, which had bepn made only One Year, before they gave Directions to make another Survey, and which, occasioned great Expence and Delay in the Execution of the Ad, to the great Detriment of the Petitioner; and that the Survey was unnecessary, and was made at an improper Season of the Year, and that in a very partial and improper Manner, and which Survey' the Petitioner has every Reafory to believe was not verified by the Oath of the Surveyor, as directed by the said Act; and that, when the Commissioners were determining the Claims of the Parties, they did not examine the Witnesses on Oath, which, they were required to do, and refused to hear the Petitioner, or to insped any of the Deeds fee produced in Support of his Claims, and have allotted Lands to other Persons, which belonged to the Petitioner, and had been in the Possession of his Ancedors for a Jong' Period of Time; and that the Commissioners, in making the Allotments to the Petitioner, have pot had, due Regard to Quantity, Quality, Value, Situation, and Convenience, ip Defiance of the express Provisiojis of the Ad; that, the Land allotted to the Petitioner is of very inferior Quality and Value, and, 'as the Petitioner conceives, not sufficient ,in Quaptity, considering the large Extent of his Property, which comprizes jfull One Third of the Parilfe, and Six Parts' ,out of Eight of the Petitioner's. Allotments are situated at To great a Didance from his Farm (Hoqfes, tfyat he must be undef the Necessity of pulling the na ,do\>|n, and erecting othet^for the Occupa-tioaof the Lands allotted to him, which will occasion. a very great and.fenpecefifiry Expence to the Petitioner; and that the Petitioner has every Reason to be convinced that tfee. Allotments made to him >vjjl not be of greater Annual Value tfean tile Petitioner's :J>joperty was. before {fee inciofure took place,. whi9fe is not the same with other Proprietors, for thq -Roafp.p , above ^stat^cLrtjiey being greatjy benefited thereby-; and that, the Deter-

minations of the Commissioners, in respect to thef Allotments, are final and conduiive upoo'.ajl Parties, and,

although the Commissioners have ppymade their Award, .

yet, as they perfidjn refusing to reyiew the Allotments, notwithstanding the Petkfe)n?r ;has made repeated Applications to thqm for that Purpose, he is advised that he cannot be relieved but by the Authority of Parliament: And. therefore praying, the House to take his same into their mqfe ferrous Consideration,' and to grant him such Relief.as. the Hardfljip of k shall appear to them to require.V t , -V .

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition of thereunto subscribed, being Journeymen CottonWeavers, in the several Counties of Chester, York, Lancaster, and vers in c he iter, Derby, Was presented to the House, and read; Setting Yo,k«&c forth, That the Petitioners have been greatly injured for a Series of Years lad pad by the Reduction of their Wages and other Oppressions, Year after Year, from the Year _ 1792. to the present Time, although the Price of Provisions has borne no Proportion to such Reduction, but, on the contrary, has been progressively increasing during

3 X that

PtftltfO of Mafttr Cotton Wcavtn, of Chetttr, York, Ire.

Great Bolton, ice. Roads Petition.

262

Marin

A\ iJ806;

that Period; and that these Oppressions have been effectuated by a powerful Combination of the Mailer Weavers or Manufacturers in the Counties above-mentioned, and have created divers Differences and Disputes between the Mailers and Workmen throughout the said Counties, to the great Injury of both Parties and of the Trade ind that the Petitioners, scarcely earning a bare Subfitlence by their daily Labour, are totally unable to leek the Suppression of Combinations of so much Secrecy, Wealth, and Power, or any Redress of their Grievances, by any existing Law; and that it would be a great Convenience and Advantage to all Parties concerned, and an Encouragement to the Manufactory, as the Petitioners conceive, and doubt not to be able tb prove, to the Satisfaction of the House, if a more speedy and summary Mode than the present were established for the genend Regulation of Abuses in the said Trade, which are of a Nature that cannot be'corrected by any exilting Law, and for the settling of the Wages, Pay, and Price of Labour therein, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require t And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manlier, and under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.'

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, bn Behalf of themselves and other Mailer Manufacturers Or Cotton Weavers, in the levfc-ral Counties of Chejir, York, and Lane after, was presented to the Hotife; and read 5 Setting forth. That the Petitioners, and all other Persons engaged or employed in the Trade or Manufacture of Cotton, have for fom:e Years pall laboured under considerable Difficulties, and suffered many Inconveniences, in carrying on the said Manufactory, owing to there being no Power, under any existing Law, of properly and promptly settling and regulating the Wages, Pay, and Price of Labour, of the Journeymen and Work People employed therein, and to many other Abuses in the said Trade, which, in the Judgment of the Petitioners, require some Legislative Regulations and that it would' be a great Convenience and Advantage to alt Parties: concerned, and, as the Petitioners conceive, an Encouragement to the said Manufactory, if a more speedy ancf summary Mode than the present were established for the Regulation of Abuses1 in the said Trade, and for the settling and regulating of the Wages of the journeymen'and Work People as aforesaid: And therefore praying. That, Leave? maybe given to bring in ,a Bill for effecting the Pur« poles aforesaid, in such Manner, and Under Rich Rules' and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.1

Cohered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.1

A Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of Lands] within the several Townships of Great Bolton, Ritmworth, Westhoughlon, Hindley, Abram, and both in

MockefjUld, in the several Parishes of Bolton in the Moors, Dean, Wigan, and Winwiek, all in the County Palatine

of Lane after, was presented to the House, and read; Setting1 forth, That the Road leading from the South Erid of The Moor Lane, in the Towiiship of Great Bolton aforesaid, to Wefihoug'kfOH Chapel, and idl'd the Road leading from The Four Lane End, in Hindley aforesaid, by Bamftrlong, to the Bridge at the Easterly End of the Town of Afliton aforesaid, is in many Parts in so ruinous a Condition, that Carriages and Travellers cannot pass thereon without Danger, and the same cannot be effectually repaired and amended by the ordinary Course of ‘Law; and that, if the said Roads were amended, widened, and repaired, it would be of great Advantage to the Public, and particularly to the several Townships through which the said Roads pass, and to the Towns of Liverpool, Wigan, and Bolton, by rendering the Comrau-' nication between those Towns much nearer, and more pafiable and commodious, than they now arc: And

therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring iii One or more Bill or Bills to amend, widen, and repair the said Roads, and to ereCl Two or more Turnpikes upon the same Roads, and that, With the Money arising therefrom, the said Roads may be: amended and repaired, in such Manner as Parliaihertt shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House i

And it is referred to Mr. Stanley, Mr. 'Blackburne of Lan-

X I 9

cashire, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Nanies are Pomrfha, thbreunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Proprietors and Occupiers of Lands, Tene-. ments, and Hereditaments, lying and being within the several Townships of Pontefratt, Tanjhelf, and MonkhiU, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Poor within the said several Townships are very numerous, and are supported and maintained at a great and burthensome Expence; and that the providing of a convenient1 House or Houses for the general Reception of the Poor of the said Townships, and granting proper Powers for the Government, Regulation, and Employment of Rich Poor, and for further regulating the Charity School, would tend to the more effectual Relief, Affiance, and Accommodation of such a % , by Age, Infirmities, or Diseases, are rendered incapable of supporting themselves by their Labour, to the Employment of the Industrious and those who are able to work, to the Correction and Punishment of the foie. Refractory, and Profligate, to the Education of the Infant Poor in the Habits of Industry and Religion, and . tb the Advantage of themselves and the said Townships, whereby the said Poor, instead of being wholly supported by the Public, would contribute to the Support, Assistance, and Relief, mutually of each other, and be of some Advantage to the Community, to which they have hitherto been only a heavy and grievous Burthen; and also that the providing an additional Burial Ground for the Use of the said several Townships is become Highly necessary, and will prove of great Utility: And tfierefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a ' Bill for the Purposes aforesaid; in such Manner, and'

Undef such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House'shall seem meet. >.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-' amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Henry Lascelles, &e.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to Kent Gaol whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Petition, are thereunto subscribed, itr Behalf of themselves, and reported others, Being Owners and Proprietors of Estates, in the Western Division of the County of Kent, was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

'To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to enable the Justices of the Peace acting for the Western Division of the County of Kent, to purchase a convenient Piece of ' _ Ground

40 Geo. III. 5° Martti. 263

Ground for building a Gaol for the said County; and Ordered) That Sir William Geary do carry the Bill to for empowering the said Justices to apply Part of the the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

County Stock of the said Division towards the fame,

was read: And, A Petition of the several Owners and Proprietors of WiiJmorcFen

Mr. William Scudamore, being examined, said, That Estates having Right of Common and other Rights on £,^fee the Justices of the Peace acting for the Western Division in the County of Lincoln, whose Names Petition.'

of the County of Kent, have purchased a convenient are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House,

Piece of Ground, in the Parish of Maidstone, in the said and read; Setting forth, That there is a certain Trad of County, and have built thereon a large and commodious Fen Land, Moor, or Marsh Ground, in the County of Gaol, and that the Money required for the Purchase of Lincoln, called Wildmore Fen, containing about 10,500 the Ground has been paid, and the Expences attending Acres, whereon the Lord of the Manor of Armtree -with the building of the said Gaol have been discharged out Wildmore, and the Lords or Ladies of other Manors or of the Surplus of the County Stock, then in the Hands supposed Manors, claim certain Rights and Privileges; of the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Westetn Di-- anid that the Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the vision of the said County: That the said Gaol has, ever several Parishes, Townships, and Places adjoining to, since the building thereof, and is at this present Time, or in the Neighbourhood of, the said Fen, claim and maintained and kept in Repair at the Charges and Ex- exercise certain Rights and Common of Pasture thereon; pences of the said Western Division exdufively, and and that the said Fen is subject to be overflowed by di-although the said Gaol is situate in the said Division, vers Streams of Water, and also by heavy Rains, to the yet the said Gaol is not a Prison or Place of Confine- great Injury of all Persons entitled to any Rights thereon; ment to the said Western Division solely and exclu- and it would be greatly beneficial to the Petitioners and fively, the same being made use of as a Prison or Place others interested therein, if the same were thoroughly of Confinement, by the whole County at large: — And, drained, and divided into Parochial and other Allot-being further examined, he said, That he believes, that ments, and proper Rules and Regulations established for there is at present no Debt existing in Consequence of the the Use and Enjoyment thereof, or if such Parochial and building of the Gaol, in pursuance of the said Act: And, other Allotments were subdivided and allotted ampngft

John Fellows Claridge, Esquire, the Clerk of the Peace the several Parties interested therein respectively, and for the County of Kent, being then examined, said, such Subdivisions and Allotments inclosed; and that the That Additions have been made to the Gaol at MaieU Chts, which may be made for the Purpose of draining stone, the Expences of which have been paid for by the the said Fen, will be of sufficient Dimensions for the Western Division of the said County: — And, being Purposes of Navigation, and the Banks thrown upon the further examined, he said, He does not know of any Ap- Sides thereof will be well calculated for the Purpose of plication having been made to the Eastern Division of Haling Paths by the Sides thereof, and it would be a the said County, for their Sandion, to enlarge the Gaol greajt Benefit and Advantage to the Neighbourhood if at Maidjlotic. ' . Provision were made for maintaining, supporting, and

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating, such Navigation and Haling Paths; and that repealing an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reigrt it is apprehended, when the said Fen is drained and of Ring George the Second, to enable the Justices of improved as proposed, it will be inhabited, in which ' the Peace acting for the Western Division of the County Cafe, from the great Extent thereof, the Persons inha-of. Kent, to purchase a convenient t iece of Ground for biting towards the Centre will be Very far distant from building a Gaol for the said County, and for empower- any Church or Chape^ and it will therefore be expedient ing the said Justices to apply Part of the County Stock that some Part of the said Fen should be constituted of the said Division towards the fame, and for other a Parish, and Provision -made for erecting a Church Purposes therein mentioned: And that Sir William Geary there, and also for erecting Chapels where requisite for and Mr. Blackburue of Lancq/liire do prepare, and the Celebration of Divine Worship therein: And there bring in, the lame. - fore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill

for effecting the Purposes aforesaid^ in such Manner, and Thames and A Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal under such Regulations, as to the House shall feetn Cunl n'm from the River Thames, near to the Town of Gravesend, meet.

cwMtoiittdf in the County of Kent, to the River Medway, at a Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-Place called Nichofon'sShip Yard, in the Parish of sideration of a Committee: And that thej do examine Friruljbmy, in the said County, and also a certain Col- the Matter thereof ;and report the famie,-as it shall ap-lateral Cut from White Wall, in the said Parish, to the pear to them, to the House:

said River Medway, was read a Second Time. And. it is referred to Mf» -Fyner, Sir Gilbert -

Resolved, That the Bill be commuted to Sir William cole. And they are to' meet Tomorrow Morn-

j Geary, Sir Edward Knatchbull, See. :And they are to -ing, at Nine of the Clock,' in the Speaker's- Cham-

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the ber ;and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Speaker's Chamber. Records, '

Streroakj.&c. An ingrossed Bill for increasing the Tolls authorized The House being informed that Mr. Forjler, from Account or to be taken on the Road leading from Sevenoaks Common the Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called in;

to the Market House in Tunbridge Town, by an Act, and, at the Bar, presented to the Hotift, jMifrfuant to conloiLutc *

passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His pre-- -their Order, -‘ ' - " * Fund, pie-

lent Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Seven- An Account of the Income Of the Consolidated Fund fenteU oakf Common to Woodsgate, Tunbridge Wells, and Kip- for the Year ended-the 5th Dsyoi ^January i^oo.ind also ping'sCrofs, in the County of Kent, and from Tunbridge of the actual Payments thereout withirifhe laid Yertr ;- —

Wells to Woodsgate aforesaid, was read the Third Time. and of the future Annual Charge Uptort' 'the fa id1'Fund,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title as it stood on the 5th of January 1800 (subject to such be. An Act for increasing the Tolls authorized to be Decrease in the Charge as may arise from the Decrease taken on the Road leading from Sevenoaks Common to in the Charges of Management of Stock- purchased by the Market House in Tunbridge Town, by an Act, passed the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Debt); — distinguishing the Income applicable to paying Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Sevenoaks the Charge for Debt existing prior to the Year 1793 j —

Common to Woodsgate, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's and also the Income derived from the Duties impoied in Cross, in the County of Kenlh and from Tunbridge Wells each subsequent Year, together with the Charge created to Woodsgate aforesaid. - in each corresponding Year, — and in relped of what

Vol. 55. Sums

264 5 Mar til.^..1806.

Sums raised, or Bills funded, such Charge was created in each of the said Years.

And then he withdrew.

' And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session;

hill for Ceuiing Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for D'lputes be- flie settling of Disputes between Masters and

twt n Matters , ,. n - , i , _ n.

anti Scmm Mntrefles ot Families and their Menial or Domestic

ordered. Servants: And that Mr. Parker Coke, Mr. Attorney

General, and Sir John William Anderson, dp prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bill for railing Ordered, That the Order of the Qay for the Third Annuities Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for raising the Sum:

passed. ' of Twenty Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds,

by Way of Annuities, be now read.

And the said Older being read accordingly t.

The said Bill was read the Third Time. ,:

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill» by Way of Ryder for authorizing the Bank to pay in certain Exchequer Bills, in Part of the Loan.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question pul; thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do.pass'. And. that the Title be,4n Act for raising the Sum of Twenty Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Way of Annuities.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Tords, and desire their Concurrences.

1 1 1

Bill for gram. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third ^ntsT'a °n R-eading of the Bill (pow ingrafted) for granting to His Te paired. Majesty additional Duties of Excise on British and Foreign Spirits and Tea, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Brilijli and Foreign Spirits and Tea.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire th^ir Concurrence. ‘

LondonDocks, The Order of the Day pe\rig read, for the Second mitJd" e°m' ^'DS the Bill for making Wet Docks, Bafohs,

Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodar

tion and Security of Shipping, Cofncherce, and Revenue, within the Port, of Lond j , -And the House being, informed that the several Persons; who petitioned this House upon Monday lait, praying to be heard,- by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against the said Bill, declined being heard upon the Second Reading of the said Bill;

Ordered, That' the said Bill be now read la Second Time.

The said Bill was: accordingly read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed tq.Mr. Mannings the..Lord Hayekfbu#c.: And-they are to ,mee|t this Afternoon, at Five, of the Clock in the Speaker' Chamber. . .

Petition of / A Petition -of; the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Ship Builders, and Owners &;j.u and Proprietors of Ship Yards and Dry Docks adjoining

to the River Thames, in the Port of was presented

to the House, and read.; Taking Notice of the said Bill; -and Setting forth, That the Petitioners and divers other Persons have, at a very great Expende, made and constructed many large and extensive Ship Yards and Dry Docks adjoining to the River Thames, and have employed large Capitals in the ne.ceflary Establishments for

.. . 7

carry ing on the Trade or Business of buildiDgand repair ing Ships to an Extent fully adequate to the Demands of the Port of London, and to the great Convenience of the Public at large; and that the Operation and Effect of the said Bill, if the same should pass into a Law in its present Form, will be highly injurious to the Property of the Petitioners, and ot her Ship Builders, and Owners and Proprietors of Ship Yards and Dry Docks adjoining to the River. Thames, in the Port of , in-

Stfmuch as the Company to be established by the said Bill will be empowered, if they shall so think fit; to make Slips into their Docks, or Balbns, or upon their Quays or Wharfs, for building Ships or Vessels, and to make, contiguous to their Wet Docks, Dry Docks for repairing Ships or Vessels-, and Batons or Canals into other Dry Docks, to be dug or made for the Purposes aforesaid, upon adjoining Premises of or belonging to other Persons, and will likewise be empowered to do large Repairs to Ships or Vessels; whilst the same are lying in their Wet Docks; and that the Petitioners, and such other Persons as aforesaid, will thereby be injured in their laid Properties and Trade.to a very great Extent, for which no adequate Compensation can be made to them by the said Company; and that the Petitioners did, in the last Session, submit their same to the House, when B.ills similar to the present were depending before the House, and in the Law, which then passed upon this Subject, they obtained such Relief as was sufficient to secure them against the Injuries which they dreaded; and that the Petitioners, having applied to the Promoters of the present Undertaking for such Provision being made therein as might guard against the Injury of which they are apprehensive, if the several Powers before-mentioned should. be carried into Effect, and, not having succeeded in such their Applications, now find themselves under the Necessity of applying to the House ior such Relief as they conceive they are entitled to: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for their Protection and Relief in the several Matters before-mentioned, and that they may be heard by themselves, their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against such Parts of the said Bill as may afi'edt them,', and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now Hands, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall feetn meet.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names art Petition of thereunder signed, being a Quorum of the Commissioners of Sewers for the Toiler Flam lets, was also presented to Tower H«m

the House, and read; Setting forth. That, from Time immemorial, there have been various Sewers within the Tower.Hamlets, and under the Jurisdiction of Commissioners, from Time to Time, appointed for the Care of them; and that there are, particularly in such Districts,

Three Sewers, One called The Alan in the Moon and Wapping Level Sewer, One other called The SpilalFields Sezver, and the other. The Nightingale Lane and Last Smit/field Sewer, the former having its Current from the High Street in Whitechapel, down Church Lane, across Wellclose Square and Rat cliff eHigh thence, on the

Back of Pennington Street, across and Gravel

Lanes, to the Parish of Shadwell, where it discharges itself into the River Thames at Wapping Wall; and that there are several other Collateral Branches of such Sewers, which discharge themselves by different Outlets into the River Thames, which Sewer carries a very great Body of Waters from the City of London, the Pari (lies of Saint John Wapping, and Saint Pad j and

that the Sewer called The Spital Fields Sewer hath its Current from Club Rozv, and several other Parts of Spital

Fields, and runs through Part of the Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, Saint Dunstan Stepney, and, after being conveyed by a Trunk under the New Cut from Bromley to Limehouse, enters the Hamlet of Poplar, and

discharges itself by an Ou-let at Limekiln Dock into the River Thames, and such Sewers take off a great Body of Water from the City of London, and Saint Botolph without

40 Geo. III.

Martii.

265

out Aldgate, and upon the several Pari Hies of,

Christ Church, Saint John Hackney, Saint Matthew Beth-

nal Green, Saint Dunstan Stepney, Saint Leonard Bromley, Bow, Poplar, and the Parish of Saint Ann Limehotj'ej and that the Nightingale Lane Sewer,

having its Current from East down Nightingale

Lane, to its Discharge in the River Thames, at the Hermitage Dock, with several Collateral Branches, which carry oft' the Water from the Parishes of Saint Boiolph Aldgate, Saint ‘John Wapping, and Saint Mary

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolvo itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Parker Coke presented to the House, according to Bill for fee

chapel, by Means of such Sewers, the Houses, Lands, Order, a Bill for the better settling of Disputes between

and Premises, of the several Parishes and Places above-mentioned, are fully and effectually drained, and, in case the same should be impeded or cut off, the Premises of such Inhabitants would be inundated, and it is greatly to be feared, that, if such Waters were by such Impcdi-

Masters and Miflreffes of Families and their Menial or Domestic Servants: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

llin Disputes between Masters and Servants, pie-ientcJ.

ment caused to flagnate, some Pestilential Disease would upon Tuesday the 22d Day of April next, be the Conllquence; and that the Petitioners have seen ' 1 ‘

a Bill, now depending in the House, for making Wet Docks in- Wapping, and that, if the same should pass

into a Law, all those Sewers would be cut off, or stopped up, and the Inundation above-mentioned mufl

mevi-

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term of Two Yarmouth Acts, One made in the Twelfth Year, and the other in D‘11 the Twenty-fifth Year, of the Reign of His present Ma-

tably happen, unless New Sewers are formed, and which jesty, for clearing, depthening, repairing, maintaining.

would be attended with a very enormous Expence, and be an intolerable Burthen on the Inhabitants within those Hamlets, and who contribute towards the Sew er Rate: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that a proper Provision may be made in the said Bill, for forming New'Sewers

and improving, the Haven and Piers of Great,

and for depthening and making more navigable the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven, and preservirtg Ships, wintering therein from Accidents by Fire; and also for building a new Bridge over the Haven of Great Yarmouth-, and for altering and en-

at the Expence of the Persons applying for the said Bill, larging the Powers thereof, so far as the same relate to and that the same may be directed to be done under the said Haven and Piers, was read the Third Time, the Direction and Inspection of the Petitioners} and the Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Petitioners further pray, that they may be heard, by them- be. An Act for continuing for a further Term of Twenty-selves, their Counsel, and Agents, against such Parts of one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same Session of Parliament, the Term of Two Acts, One made may not pass into a Law as it now Hands, or that the in the Twelfth, and the other in the Twenty-fifth, Year Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises of the Reign of His present Majesty, far clearing, depth-

Tnx Comrrvi {boners Kill, com milled.

as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Commitee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And the Pe-. titioners are to be heard, by themselves, their

Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses,'before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inflrudion to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for appointing Commftiioners to put in Execution an Act of this Seff ion of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a " Duty on Per.fions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in " England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon " Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco,

" and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred," together with those named in Two

ening, repairing, maintaining, and improving, the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth; and for depthening and making more navigable the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven, and preserving Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire; and also lor building a new Bridge over the Haven of Great Yarmouth-, and for altering and enlarging the Powers thereof, so far as the same relate to the said Flaven and Piers.

Ordered, That Mr. Jodrelldo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the poor insolvent Debtors confined in the Gaol of Flint, in North Wales: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confiued for Debt in the County Gaol at Hereford;

Were severally presented to the House, and read} Complaining of their Diflrefr, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names arc subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners

Flint

Hereford Debtors i'eiition&v *

National Debt

Kill, cern-xnmed.

former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land of Estates within the Parishes of and Tax, was read a Second Time. in the County of Flint, and within the Manor of Pen-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. bedw, in the said Parish of Nannerch, in the County of

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Denbigh, was presented to the House, and read; Setting of the whole House. forth. That there are, within the said several Parishes

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fort- and Manor, several Common Lands, in and upon which night, the 19th Day of this Instant March, resolve it- the Petitioners are entitled to Right of Common, and Iclf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the the fame, in their present State, are of little Value, but laid Bill. if divided into specific Allotments, and inclosed, they

might be very considerably improved: And therefore . Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second pray ing. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Raiding of the Bill for granting to His Majesty the Sum dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Lands, of Two Hundred Thousand Pounds to be issued and in the Parishes of Yfeeifog and Nannerch, in the County paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Eng- of and in the Manor of Penbediv, in the said Parish land, to be by them placed to the Account of the Com- of Nannerch, in the County of Denbigh, under such missioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, be Regulations and Rcflridlions as to the House shall seem now read. meet.

Vol. 55. & Y Ordered,

Yfceifing, See Incloluic Pc-tiuop.

Petition of Mis, Maiicr,

1 tipping

Mtiltnglram

iuciuiUie.

266 5^ Martit. A. 1800.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- veftigation, and the same was tried, in the Form of an suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Issue, at the Assizes for the County of , before a

Kynaston Powell, Sir Thomas Mcjlyn, and Sir Wat kin special Jury, by an Agreement for that Purpose, entered

Williams Wynn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. into between the Petitioner and the said Inhabitants, and

also in pursuance of an Order of the Lord High Chan-

A Petition of Frances IsabellaMajler, Widow, the cellor of Great Britain, directing the Trial thereof; and Committee of the Estate of William Dalijcn, Esquire, a upon such Trial a Verdict was found in Favour of the Lunatic, was presented to the House, and read; Setting said Lunatic, whereby it was established that the said forth, That the said Lunatic is Lord of the Manor of Lunatic was entitled to Twenty Common Rights upon Manton, in the County of Lincoln, and is also foie Pro- the East Common of exclusive of the Ox

prietor of the several Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Pasture, which is Part of the said Common; and that,

Tenements, of the Town or Village of Manton, within notwithstanding the said Verdictt, the Petitioner is ad-the Parish of Manton, and is all'o the Owner of a Mef- vised, and conceives, that it is nevertheless incompetent fuage, or Cottage, with the Land and Appurtenances to the Commissioners appointed by the said Act, legally thereunto belonging, in the Township and Parish of to make any Allotment to the Petitioner, as Committee Mejfmgham, and the Petitioner, as Committee of the of the said Lunatic, in respect of his Property at Manton-, said Lunatic, is entitled, in respect of the Property and that the Costs, Charges, and Expences of the Peti-aforesaid, to certain Common Rights within the Com- tioner, attending the aforesaid Proceedings, are of confi-mons of MeJ/tngham; and that it being in the Content- derable Amount, and the Petitioner is therefore desirous

plation of ^the Inhabitants of Mejfmgham aforesaid to of having the same allowed and reimbursed, with the apply to Parliament for an Act to divide and inclose the other Expences attending the Execution of the said Act; several Open and Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Paf- and that the Petitioner, being desirous of having the tures, Moors, Commons, Wastes, and other uninclosed aforesaid Rights and Interests of the said Lunatic allowed Lands and Grounds, within the Townshipof Mejfingham, accordingly, hath, ever since the said Trial, endeavoured and that Part of the.Hamlet of East Butterwick which to compromise and adjull the fame, with the Agent em-lies in the Parish of MeJJingham, in the County of Lin- ployed on the Part of the Inhabitants to carry the said coin, and a Consent Bill having been prepared for that Act into Execution, so as to prevent the Necessity of an Purpose, the Petitioner was applied to, as Committee Application to the House, and the Petitioner was re-of the said Estate of the said Lunatic, to sign the fame; quired by the said Agent to suspend the same accord- but, inasmuch as it was incompetent to her to give any ingly; but the Petitioner at length finds herself under the such Consent, on the Part of the said Lunatic, without Necessity of making such Application; betides which, the Direction of the Lord Chancellor, (he made Appli- she isadvised, and submits, that the Provisions contained cation to his Lordlliip on the Subject, who, having in the said Act are inadequate to the Circumstances of caused all proper Enquiries to be made relative thereto, this Cafe, and are not calculated to give Eifecl to the made an Order thereupon, in pursuance of which the Right established in favour of the said Lunatic; and in Petitioner signed her Consent to the said Bill passing into regard that (lie is desirous, in common with the Inhabi-a Law, but under an express Reservation and Condition, tants of Mejfmgham and Eafi Butterwick, to accelerate the that such Consent should not prejudice her Claim to said Inclosure; The Petitioner therefore prays, That Leave participate in the said intended Inclosure, in respect to the may be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the Lunatic's said Property at Manton, and as ‘the Agent, said Act, so far as the same relates to the said Claim of employed to lblicit the said Act on the Part of the Inha- the Petitioner, in such Manner, and under such Regu-bitants of Mejfnghcim, was not authorized to admit the lations, as to the House shall seem proper, said Claim, he consented and agreed that the same should Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the be reterved for future Investigation; and that an Act Table, was accordingly palfed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for An ingossed Bill, for dividing and inclosing several Marion In.

" dividing, inclosing, allotting, and improving, the Open Fields and Commons, or Waste Grounds, within clol|u^e B‘ 1 *

" several Open and Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, the Parish of Marlon with Grafton, in the County of p " Pastures, Moors, Commons, Waites, and other un- York, was read the Third Time.

" inclosed Lands and Grounds, within the Township of RejolThat the Bill do pass: And that the Title

" Me jjiitgham, and that Part of the Hamlet of East be. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open

" Butterwick, in the Parish of M>JJtngham, in the County Fields, and Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the

" of Lhicohi," and that the Commissioners named in the Parish of Marton with Grafton, in the County of

said Act, having proceeded to put the same into Execu- Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to

tion, and having appointed a Time for delivering in the the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Claims of Persons interested in the said intended Inclo-

sure, the Petitioner caused a Claim to be made on the Part A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Lmlhamln-of the said Lunatic, in respect of his said Property at Man- thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of z' ton, but, when the said Commissioners proceeded to take divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, within the tion. the said Claim into Consideration, it was discovered, that Parish of in the County of Norfolk, to which

although the said Act contained a Clause, for the Purpose are appendant or appurtenant Rights of Common over of permitting them to consider all Claims whatever that and upon the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the might come before them, yet, by the Allotment Clause said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Set-contained in the same Act, they are directed to divide ting forth, That there are, within the said Pariiii, iunJry and allot the Whole of the Commons amongst the Inha- Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds; and that bitants of the Township of Mejfmgham, and that Part of the said Open Fields are inconveniently situated for the the Hamlet of East Butterwick which lies within the respective Owners and Proprietors thereof, and the said Parish of Mejfmghamexclusively, notwithstanding which. Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, are frequently however, the said Inhabitants, considering that the said overflowed with Water, and, in their present State and Allotment Clause had undesignedly excluded the Peti- Condition, yield but little Profit, and it would be tioner from deriving any Benefit under her said Claim, advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, they agreed that, in case the same should be established, if the Rights of Common, and other Rights at pre-a proportionate Share of the said intended Inclosure sent exilting over the said Commons, Fens, and Waste should be allotted to the Petitioner, as Committee of Grounds were extinguished, and if the said Open the said Lunatic, in respect thereof; and that the Peti- Fields, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, were lionet's said Claim was thereupon put in aCourse of In- divided, and specific Parts or Shares thereof allotted 7

Xetrve pt.nnkd to give Notices for Sprowtton Incluluic.

Perth Roads

Petition,

xeported.

40 Geo. III. 50 Martiu 7

to the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, and if such Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, were drained: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes above-mentioned, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Laid Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is1 referred to Mr. AJlley, Mr. &c:

And they are td meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House was moved, That the Report whiclj was Yesterday made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Norwich, and of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of all the Estates in the Parish of , in the County of Norfolk, to which belong Rights of Common over

and upon the Commons and Waste Grounds, in the said Parish, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted, that Notices may be given on the Church Door of the Parish of Sprozvston, for Three Sundays in the present Month of

March, and in the Month of April following, or either of them, of the Application to Parliament for the Purposes mentioned in the said Petition.

Sir John Stuart reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners of Land in the County of Perth, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative toTurn-pike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth, and for explaining and amending an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, in the County of Perth: — Alio, an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for explaining, amending, and rendering more elfcdual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth, and for making and repairing the Road from Crieff towards Stirling and Alloa, and other Roads in the said County, were read: And,

A Member present informed Your Committee, That, in pursuance of the said Acts, the greater Part of the said Road from Perth to Cupar has been made and repaired, and certain Sums have been borrowed for that Purpose, and are Hill owing, but a Part of the said Line of Road, from Cupar to the Confines of the County of Perth, is Hill unmade, and there are not sufficient Funds for that Purpose; and the Tolls authorized to be levied on the said Line of Road, are found to be too low; and that it would be of great Advantage to the Public if the said Roads were completed, and the Trustees were enabled to levy a fuflkient Toll or Duty on that Part of the Road which runs from or the

Neighbourhood, towards Glanirnas far as the Confines of the County of Perth, and to borrow a Sum of Money on the Credit of the said Tolls, and if other necessary Powers were granted.

Vol. 55.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Powers of so much of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth, as respects the Road from Cupar, or the Neighbourhood thereof, towards Glammis, as far as the Confines of the said County: And that Sir John Stuart and Mr. James Brodie do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John Stuart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and repairing the Road from the Town of Stonehaven, through the to the

new Bridge over the River Dee at in the County of Kincardine: And the same w as received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That the' Report which, upon Friday last, was made from the Commitee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the le-veral Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, of the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing certain Roads leading from the Nine Mile Stone on the Bristol Road, to and near certain Places therein-mentioned, in the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for amending the Road from the Nine Mile Stone on the Bristol Road, at or near a Place called The Clay Pits, to or near the Chapel at Stone, and also the Roads to and near Berkeley,

sley, Wottonundcredge, Stroud, and Sodbury, and several other Roads in the Counties of Gloucester and (except so far as the said Act relates to the Roads to and near Sodbury aforesaid): And that Mr. EJlcourt, the Marquis of Worcester, and Admiral , do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-eighth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London, near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill, and for raising, on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, a Sum of Money for that Purpose, was read: And,

William Montague, Esquire, being examined, said, (That considerable Progress hath been made in the Execution of the Works directed by the said Acts, but it is found that the Money thereby authorized to be raised is insufficient to answer the several Purposes thereof: — And the Witness further said, That it is expedient the Land Tax charged on the Premises purchased, and to be purchased, for efl'cfting the said Improvements, should be redeemed; and in order to enable the Petitioners to effect such Redemption, and to fulfil the ufelul Intentions of the said Acts, it will be necessary that Power

should

Kincardine Roads B ll, preknted. '

Brftol and Berkeley, Src. Roads Bill, ordered.

Temple Bar

Improvement Petition, reported.

4

268 5° — 6° M1800,

should be given to raise a further Sum of Money; and the said Acts have been in l'ome other RespeTs found defective, and require Explanation and Amendment.

Philip Crowther, Esquire, being also examined, confirmed the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for raising a lurther Sum of Money for carrying into Execution Two several Acts, passed in the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London, near Bar, for making a more

commodious Street or Passage at Snozv , and for railing, on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, a Sum of Money for those Purposes, and for explaining and amending the said Acts: And that Sir John William ' Anderson and Mr. Alderman Curtis do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

wrexham md Sir Watlin Williams Wynn presented to the House,

Rc»ri« Bill S' accord ng to Order, a Bill lor continuing the Term, and presented. ' altering the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Georgs the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein-mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of Wrexham, in the County of to Pentre Bridge, in the County of Flint: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Creech St. Mi- A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are chaei lucWfure thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Pennon. respectively entitled to Rights of Common on certain Commons or Waste Lands and Grounds, within1 the Parish of Creech Saint Michael, in the County of So-merfet, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are certain Commons or Waste Lands and Grounds within the said Parish, containing 150 Acres, or thereabouts, and it will be of great Benefit and Advantage to all Persons interested therein, if the same were divided, allotted, and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill ibr dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Commons or Waste Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dickinson, Mr. Gore and Mr. Hujj'ey, do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Tone Naviga- A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are tion Petition, thereunto subscribed, being Conservators of the River Tone, in the County of was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth. That by an Act, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for making and keeping the River Tone navigable from Bridgwater to Taunton, in the County of Somerset, several Tolls, Powers, and Authorities, were granted, for the Purpose of making and keeping the said River navigable; and that by an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, other Tolls, Powers, and Authorities, were granted, for the Purpose of improving the said Navigation; and that many Doubts have arisen as to the ConstruTion of certain Clauses in the said Acts, which it is expedient should be explained b.y the 4uthority of Parliament; and it is also expedient that several of the Provisions of the said Acts should be altered or repealed, and that several further Tolls, Powers, and Authorities, should be granted, for the better carrying the Purposes aforesaid into Execution: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner,t and under such Regulations And Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Dickinson, Mr. Gore Langton, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Pawnbroker thereunto subscribed, being Pawnbrokers, on Behalf of Pctiuon themselves and others, exercising that Business within the.

Cities of London and We/lmitt/ler,a.nd the Bills of Mortality,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That an AT was passed, in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trade and Business of Pawnbrokers, which was to have Continuance for a Term, which will expire at the End of the present Session; and that the several Regulations, established by the said Act, have been found beneficial to the Public, and the Petitioners conceive, that it would conduce to the Relief and Comfort of a numerous Class of Individuals, and to the general Benefit of the Community, if the said Act was, in some RespeTs, altered and amended, and, subject to such Alterations and Amendments, was made perpetual: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for altering, amending, and making perpetual, the said Act, in such Manner, and under , such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply, defer-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole red'

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Way and irfg next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole £ ean$> dfkr House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 6° die Martii;

Anno 40° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1800.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the most Noble William Duke s«. iretln-of Mancliefler, and the humble Petition of the le- ^‘me t>ni *

veral other Peffons, w'hose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of, and otheruife interested in, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Heath, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Saint Ives, in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Lands are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement, but if divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the several Persons interested therein, the same might be greatly improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields,

Common Meadows, Heath and Waste Lands, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

John Pitt and Mr. Fellowes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

1 A Petition

Brouqufns Nat. l'ci it ion.

Heeker's Nat. Peuiion.

Hale, &c. In-dofure Petition *

St. Mary in Stafford In-doliire Petition.

Korrbridce &. c. Inclosure Drainage Petition.

40 Geo. III. 6° Martii. 269

A Petition of John Bertrand d: Bon bee de Brouqueus, of or Parcels of Land, the Property of the Petitioners, and

Queen June Street East, in s the Parish of Saint Mary-le- others. Part of which said Common Fields, Marsh Mea-Bon, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, on Behalf of dow, and Waste Lands, and certain other Low Lands and himself and of Joseph Charles Leon de Boubee de Brouejuens, Grounds, in the said Parish of Castle , and the ad- .

and of John JoachinVital de Boubee de Brouquens, his In- joining Parishes, Townships, and Places, of wick fant Sons, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, Saint Mary, in Stafford, and Saint Thomas, in the said That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their County of Stafford, the Property of the Petitioners, and Naturalization. others, are subject to be overflowed, and otherwise an-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac- noyed, by Water, and, on that Account, yield but little cording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr". Profit, and the same are, in their present State, incapa-John Pitt and Mr. Alexander Brodie do prepare, and ble of any considerable Improvement, but might be of bring in, the fame. great Benefit and Advantage to the several Persons interested therein, and of Public Utility, if divided and al-A Petition of Friederick Julius Hecker, was presented lotted among the Owners and Proprietors thereof, ac-to the House, and read; Fraying, That Leave may be cording to their respective Rights and Interests, and such given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization. Allotments inclosed, and if Part of the said Common

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac- Fields and Waste Lands, and such other Low Lands and cording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Grounds, in the said Pari 111 of Castle Church, and in Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Alexander Brodje do prepare, and Berkfivich Saint Mary, in Stafford, and Saint Thomas bring in, the fame. aforesaid, were well and sufficiently embanked and drain-

ed, the same would be much improved: And therefore A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, Marsh Owners of Estates within the several Townships of Hale Meadow, and Waste Lands, and for embanking and and Halewood, in the Parish of Childwall, in the County draining Part of the said Common Fields, Marsh Mea-Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and dow, and Waste Lands, and such other Low Lands and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Grounds in the said Parish of Castle Church, and in the several Townships, divers Open Commons and Waste said adjoining Parishes, Townships, and Places, of Lands, containing together 300 Acres, or thereabouts, zvich Saint Mary, in Stafford, and Saint Thomas, in such in and over which the Petitioners and others have Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House Right of Common and other Rights; and that the said shall seem proper.

Commons and Waste Lands are at present of little Value, OrdThat the said Petition be referred to the but would be greatly improved if divided into specific Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-Allotments, and inclosed: And therefore praying, That mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for allotting, divid- appear to them, to the House:

ing, and inclosing, the said several Commons and Waste And it is referred to Lord Granville Leveson Gower,

Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as Mr. Stanley, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow to the House shall seem just. Morning, at Nine of the Dock, in the Speakers Cham-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- ber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Records.

Stanley and Mr. Patten do prepare and bring in, the fame. A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Bcughton and

' thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two ^'xvaasP A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Acts, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of titiou. thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the read; Setting forth, That there are, in several Common Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

Fields, within or adjoining the Parish of Saint Mary in for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at Stafford, in the County of Stafford, called The Foregate Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of to

Field, Marston and Port Fields, Blakefield Meadow, The Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the County East-gate Common, and Lammas Lands, several Pieces or of Salop, and also several other Roads in the said Acts Parcels of Land, the Property of the Petitioners and mentioned, so far as the same Acts relate to the Third others, and also certain Waste Lands, which, in their District of the said Roads, was presented to the House, present State, are incapable of any considerable I tnprdvd- and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees appointed ment, but might be of great Benefit and Advantage to in, or by virtue of, the said Acts, for the Care of the the several Persons interested therein, if divided and al- said Third District of Roads, have proceeded to put the lotted in specific Shares among the Owners and Proprie- same in Execution, and have for that Purpose borrowed tors, according to their respective Rights and Interests, several considerable Sums of Money on. the Credit of and such Allotments inclosed: And therefore prating, the Tolls authorized to be taken on that District, which That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing Money is still due and owing, and cannot be paid off, and inclosing the said Common Fields and Waste Lands, nor can the said Roads be properly maintained and kept in such Manner; and under such Regulations, as to thfe in Repair, uriless the Term of the said Acts, so far is House shall appear proper. relates to the said District, be continued, and some of the

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pu¥- Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and suant to the Prayer of the said-Petition: And that Lord some further Tolls granted: And therefore praying,

Granville Leveson Gower and Sir Edward Littleton do That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue prepare, and bring in the fame. . the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of the said

Acts, so far as relates to the said District of Road, ih A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Arc such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the-thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and House shall seem'meet.

read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Manor of Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Forebridge, and within the Parish of Castle Church, ih Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-the County of Stafford, several Commons, Marsh Mea- amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it dow, and Waste Lands, whereon the Petitioners, as shall appear to them, to the House:

Owners of Estates within the Liberty of Burton and And ft is referred to Lord Granville Leveson Gower,

Rickarfcote, in the said Manor, have Right of ComrricJn, Sir Edward Littleton, &c.: And they are to meet To-and also several Open Fields, in which are divert Pieces morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Vox. 55. 3 Z Chamber $

The Lord have agtecU to

Lricr(Vr and Ashby-Jela-Z cu Roads Bill *

Leirefter and

Nai borough, &c.KoaU Bill

Milford and Petwordi KoatX, See. Bill, reported.

Aid bourne Poor Petition,

2jo 6° 'MaHii. . 1800. *

Chamber; and have Power to fehd for Persons, Pa- amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it pers, and Records/ ' shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr., H'Jfey, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn-Popham: ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber;

Mr. Speaker, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Durham and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the thereunto subscribed, being respectively Owners of an- Framwelgate

Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two cient Messuages or Burgages within the City of Fe

Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majes- the Borough of and the Parishes of Saint

ty, and in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, Mary-le and Little Saint , m or near the said for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester, in City of , Freemen of the said City of,

the County of Leicester, to the Town of Ashby-de-la- and Owners of Freehold and Copyhold or Customary

Zouch, in the said County; without any Amendment: and Leasehold Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tenements,

And also, and Hereditaments, within the several Townships of

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Framwelgate, Gilbert, and in the

for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving. County Palatine of Durham, and within other Town-the Roads from the Borough of Leicester, in the County ships contiguous, or near adjoining thereto, for and on of Leicester, to the Town of Narborough, and from the the Behalf of themselves and others, the Owners of an-said Borough of Leicester to the Town of Earl Shilton, cient Messuages or Burgages, other the Freemen and and from the said Town of Earl Shilton to the Town of other the Owners of Freehold and Copyhold or Custom-Hinck/ey, in the said County; without any Amend- ary and Leasehold Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tenements, ment. , and Hereditaments, having or claiming Right of Com-

And then the Messengers withdrew. mon of Pasture upon the several Moors, Commons, or

Tracts of Waste Land, and Intercommon Lands, herein-

Mr. Sargent reported from the Committee, to whom after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read;

the Bill to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of Setting forth. That there are, within the Township of

Two Acts, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of Framwelgate and Manor of Chester, in the County Pala-his late Majesty, and the Fifth Year of the Reign of tine of Durham, certain Moors, Commons, or Tracts of.

His present Majesty, for amending the Roads leading Waste Land, called or known by the several Names of from the Village of Milford, in the County of Surrey, Framwelgate Moor, High Moor, Lozv

.through Pet worth, to the Top of Dune k ton Hill, and Moor, Moor, and con-

from Pet worth to Stopham Bridge, in the County of taining together, by Estimation, 1,200 Acres, orthere-

Sussex, was committed; That the Committee had ex- abouts; and that there are also, within the said Town-amined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same ship and Manor, Two Parcels of Ground, known by to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the several Names of The Intack, otherwise The Cow the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, Pasture, and Shaiv Wood, containing together, by Efti-which they had directed him to report to the House; rnation, 150 Acres, or thereabouts; and that there are and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de- also, within, and Parcel of, the said Manor of livered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's and within the Township or Parochial-Chapelry of Table: Where the Amendments were Once read through- ton Gilbert aforesaid, certain other Moors and Commons out; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon or Tracts of Waste Land, commonly called or known the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the several Names of Fin don-Hill- Aloor and Potter by the House. Moor-,containing, by Estimation, 530 Ac'res, or there-Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- abouts; and that there is also, within the said Township grofied. , pr Chapelry of Wilton Gilbert, and within, and Parcel of,

the Manor of Lanchester, in the said County of Due-A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are ham,a certain other Moor, Common, or Tract of Waste thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Lana, commonly called or known by the Name of -Inhabitants of the Parish of Aldbourne, in the County law Moor, containing, by Estimation, 500 Acres, or of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Set- thereabouts; and that there are also, within the said feting forth. That the said Parish is large and; populous, veral Townships of Framwelgate and Witten Gilbert, ccr-and the Poor thereof exceedingly numerous; and that ,tain Parcels of inclosed Lands, which, as weil as tie the Overseers annually chosen being frequently People laid Two Parcels of Ground hereinbefore-mentioned, in a large Way of Business, the Office is sometimes called The Intack, otherwise The Cow Pasture, and Shaw executed by interested Deputies, whereby -the Money Wood, ^re subject to Commonage thereon, called Right raised for the Relief of the Poor is often misapplied, of Intercommon, and that the said Two Parcels of and carelessly given away to improper Objects, and the Land, called The Intack, otherwise The Cow Pasture,

Poor Rates within the said Parish annually;increased, to and Shaw Wood, in their present State, arc of little Ul'c the great Grievance of the Persons paying to the Relief or Service to any of the Parties interested therein, but of the Poor, which, the Petitioners apprehend, might are capable of Cultivation and great Improvement, and in a great Degree be prevented, and the Poor better it would be of Advantage to them if the said Moors, maintained and taken Care of, if a proper and suitable Commons, or Tracts ot Waste Land, and the said Two ..Workhouse were provided for, the said Parish, wherein Parcels of Land, called The Intack, otherwise The Cow they might be kept and employed, and Power given to Pasture, and Wood, were to be divided and in-compel them to work, and also if Power were given to doled, and specific Shares thereof allotted to them re-"appoint a fit and proper Person as an additional Over- Ypeftively, according to their several Rights and Interests 'leer of the said Parish, for the folc Purpose of looking the rein, and that the aforesaid Right of Common on the after the Poor thereof: And therefore praying. That said Intercommon Lands should be extinguished: And Xt, ave may be: given to bring in a Bill for effecting the therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in above Purposes, in such Manner, and under such Re- a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, with and under such. gulations and Restrictions, as to- the House shall seem Orders and Regulations as to the Wisdom of Parliament meet. - . ,; shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-Consideration of a Committee: Apd that they dp ex- suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

..... ' ' ' ‘ Burden

Wnlton upon Thames, &c. Inclosure Petition.

B> fleet, &c. iucioluie Pc-

U4IOD.

Argyll Roads Ptiilion.

Bewdley Roads

Petition.

46 Geo. III. 6° Mariil 171

Bur Jon and Sir Ralph blilbanke do prepare, and bring cution Two Acts, made for repairing and widening several in, the fame. Roads leading from the Town of , in the County of , to the several Places therein mentioned, in

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are the Counties of Worcester and Salop respectively, was pre-thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and fented to the House, and read; Setting lorth, That the others. Owners of Estates within the Parish and Manors Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts have herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and made great Progress in the Execution thereof, and have read; Setting forth, That there are certain Open Com- borrowed considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit mon Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, lying and being of the Tolls thereby granted, but the said Roads can-within the Parish of Walton upon Thames, in the County not be effectually kept in Repair, and the Interest of of Surrey, and all'o divers Commons and Waste Lands, the Money borrowed be paid, nor the said Principal within or "belonging to the several Manors of Walton Money be re-paid, unless the Term of the said Acts is upon Thames, Walton Leigh, Rectory of Walton upon continued, and the Powers and Provisions thereof arnend-

Thames, Moulsey, Mat ham, Herjftam, and SanJon, in the ed and enlarged, and l'ome of the Tolls altered: And

laid Parish of Walton upon Thames, and in the Parish of therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in Chertjey, in the County of Surrey, which might be much a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging improved if divided and allotted among the several Per- the Powers, of the said Acts, in such Manner as to the Ions interested therein, and such Allotments inclosed: House shall seem meet.

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to O, That the said Petition be referred to the bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet. shall appear to them, to the House:

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- And it is referred to Mr. Mr.

suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Ge- &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, neral Norton and Mr. Currie do prepare, and bring in, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; the fame. 1 and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re-

cords.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Birmingham Owners of Estates within the Parishes herein after men- thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Bridge, &c. tioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Trustees, for executing an Act, passed in the Twenty- Petition forth. That there are certain Open Common Fields, eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for Meadows, and Pastures, lying and being within the re-building the Bridge over the River Rea, at the Town Parishes of Byfleet and Weybridge, in the County of Sur- of Birmcalled Deritend Bridge, and widening rey, and also"divers Commons and Waste Lands in the the Avenues thereto, and for widening and varying the said Parishes of Byfleet and Weybridge, which might be Course of the said River near the said Bridge, and mak-much improved, it divided and allotted among the several ing a Weir and other necessary Works, to prevent the Persons interested therein, and such Allotments inclosed: lower Part of the said Town from being overflowed, was

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the by the said Act the Trustees were empowered to take said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under down and re-build the said Bridge, and to change and such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet. widen the Course of the said River, and to make certain

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- Improvements, particularly mentioned in the said Adlf suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Ge- for defraying the Expences whereof the said Trustees neral Norton and Mr. Currie do prepare, and bring in, were empowered to erect Turnpikes, and to collect cer-the fame, tain Tolls for the Term of Four Years, and if such Tolls

should not be sufficienit to defray such Expences, then A Petition of the Heretors, Justices of Peace, and to make a Rate upon all Persons occupying Houses or Commissioners of Supply, for the Shire of Argyll, was Lands within the Parish of Birmingham aforesaid, and presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Hamlet of Deritend, and ‘Liberty of Bordejley; and the Powers granted by Law in Scotland, relative to High- that the said Trustees have proceeded to take down and ways and Bridges, and the Services, Work, and Money, re-build the said Bridge, and to make the other Altera-which are thereby authorized to be levied, having been, tions and Improvements directed by the said Act, and by Experience, found insufficient to amend, and keep in have nearly completed the lame; but the Money re-Repair, the Roads and Bridges within the Shire of Ar- ceived from the "Tolls (the limited Time for the Collec-gyll, an Act was palfed, in the Fifteenth Year of the tion being expired) together with the Rate, which has Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, and keep- also been nearly collected, having fallen greatly short of ing in Repair, the said Highways and Bridges, which Act what was calculated and expected to arise therefrom, and is now near expiring, and the Purposes thereof cannot be the Expences having also exceeded Expedition, the Sum effected, unless the same is explained, altered, amended, of £.2,400, Part of the Sum of 3,000 borrowed by and further continued: And therefore praying, That the said Trustees, under the Direction of the said Act,

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, alter- upon the Credit of the said Tolls, with Interest- thereon, ing, amending, and continuing, the before recited Act, together with a considerable Debt incurred in there- 1

in such Manner, and for such Term, as to the House building of the said Bridge, and making such Improver shall seem nieet. ments as aforesaid, still remain due,‘and cannot be paid

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the oft', nor can the said Bridge and other Works be com-Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- pleted, without the further Aid of Parliament; and that mine the Matter, thereof; and report the fame, as it the Petitioners find some Alterations and Amendments shall appear to them, to the Hoyfe: . are necessary to be made in the Powers and Provisions

And it is referred to Lord John Campbell, Sir George of the said Act, in order to carry the Purposes thereof Douglas,&c.: And they are to meet To-morrow-Morn- completely into Effect: And therefore praying, That ing, at_Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for altering and and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, amending the said Act, and for railing Money to pay off

the Debts incurred as aforesaid, and also for railing 200 A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are for completing the said Bridge, in such Manner as the thereunto.subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Exe- House shall think proper.

Vol. 55. ..

Cookham Incloluie Petition.

Barnacle with Pill gate inclosure Petition.

Skelmanthorpe Inclosuie Bili# reported.

272 6° Ma. A. 1800.

Ordered, Tint the said Petition be referred to the Conilderation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Mor daunts Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh , &c.: And they are

to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Reverehd Thomas , Vicar

of the Parish of Cookham, in the County of Berks, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the said Parish, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, and also several Commons or Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be very advantageous to the Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to them, according to their respective Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in-a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Thomas Williams and Mr. George Vanjittart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable Henry Earl of Exeter, Baron of Burgldey, Lord of the Manor of Bar-nack with Pilfgate, in the County of Northampton, and the humble Petition of John Lloyd, Rector of the Parish Church of Barnack with Pilfgate aforesaid, in Behalf of themselves and the other Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the Common Fields of Bantack, including the Hamlet of Pilfgate, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the said Parish and Hamlet, lie intermixed, are inconveniently situated with respect to the several Proprietors thereof, and, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would tend to the Advantage of the Persons interested therein to have the same divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to them, according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Barnack, including the Hamlet of Pilfgate, in the County of Northampton, in such Manner as to -the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Baker and Mr. Dickins do prepare, arid bring in, the fame.

‘ Mr. Beaumont reported from the Committee^ to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Parcels 6f Common, Moor, and Waste Ground, Within the Manor of Skelmanthorpe, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committed had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the pill.

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Curate of the perpetual Curacy Of Walls-End, and of the Chapel Wardens, Land Owners, and Inhabitants, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the several other Persons, Land Owners, and Inhabitants of, and in the Parish of Walls -End, and County of Northumberland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Parish Church of Walls-End is an ancient Building, and is now in a ruinous Condition, and is not only insufficient in Point of Size, but also inconveniently situate for the Inhabitants of the said Parish to attend Divine Service therein; and that the Building of a new Church, in a more convenient Situation, within the same Parish, sufficiently large for the Inhabitants, would be a great Benefit to them, and would tend to the Encouragement of Religious Worship within the said Parish; and that the Dean and Chapter of Durham, of the Cathedral Church of Christ and Blefed Mary the Virgin, are Owners of the principal Part of the Lands lying within the said Pari fit t and that the most convenient Scite for building a new Church, and necessary Buildings adjoining thereto, together with a Chapel Yard, is upon a Piece or Parcel of Ground held by Lease from the said Dean and Chapter, near to the Village of Walls-End aforesaid, and in or about the Centfe of and within the said Parish: And therefore praying That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for taking down the remaining Part of the present Church, and for purchasing from the Lessee the said Piece or Parcel of Ground, and for building thereon a new Church in lieu of the present One, and for making other necessary Buildings thereto, and for divesting the said Piece or Parcel of Ground out of the said Dean and Chapter of Durham, of the Cathedral Church of Christ and Blessed Mary the Virgin, for the Purposes above set forth and that the same may be passed into a Law, under such Provisions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Matthew White Mr.

Beaumont, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners of Estates within the Parish of Bishopstone, otherwise Bushopstone, in the County of was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, 'Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, which, in their present Situation, arc incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were divided into specific Shares and Allotments, according to each Person's Right therein, and inclosed, it would be greatly advantageous to the Parties interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That ' Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pemuddocke Wyndham and Mr. EJlcourt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed,

... being

-by

Walls-End Church Petition.

Bishopftone Inclosure Petition.

Paw nbroker *

P-ti ion, referred to a Committee.

ao Geo. III. 6° Martii. 273

being Pawnbrokers, on Behalf of them (elves and others, exercising that Business, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Bills of Mortality, which was Yesterday presented to the House, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Byng, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Second Report The Lord Hawkesbury reported from the Committee from Commit- appointed to consider of Means for rendering more ef-the A^zc'u fedtual the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Bread, &c. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for better regulating the Assize and making " of Bread," and who were instructed to consider of the most effectual Means of remedying any Inconveniences which may arise from the Deficiency of the last Crop of Grain, and empowered to report their Proceedings from Time to Time to the House; That the Com-lnittee had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where ' the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole Housej to whom it is referred to consider further of the Report which, upon the 10th Day of February last, was made from the said Committee.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original *

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to National Debt ref0|vc into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two Hundred Thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Long reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Baker reported from the Committee, That they1 had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, and had also directed him to make several Motions, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Baker accordingly reported from the said Commit- reported, tee the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place j and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, whenever the Average Prices of Wheat, and fine Wheaten Flour, ascertained and published in The London Gazette, under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament, shall be less than Ninety Shillings per Quarter of Wheat, or Sack of Wheaten Flour, respectively, there shall be given, on every Quarter of Wheat, and on every Barrel of fine Wheaten Flour, which shall be imported into Great Britain, from any Port of Europe, South of Cape Finefterre, or. from any Port in the Mediterranean,

or in Africa, or from any of His Majesty's Colonies in America, or The United States, before the 1 ft Day of October 1800, a Bounty equal to the Difference between such Average Prices in The London Gazette, and Ninety Shillings per Quarter of Wheat, or Barrel of Flour, respectively.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, whenever the current Price of Rice imported into this Kingdom, to be ascertained by the Prices in the London Market, shall be left than One Pound and Fifteen Shillings per Hundred Weight, there shall be given, on every One Hundred Weight of Rice imported into ' >

Great Britain before the ift Day of October 1800, a Bounty equal to the Difference between such Average Price and One Pound Fifteen Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duties now payable oh Swedish Herrings, dried or cured, imported into this Kingdom, do cease and determine.

Mr. Baker also reported from the said Committee,

That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to encourage the Cultivation of Pota»oes on Waste Lands, for a Time to be limited: And also,

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for the better Regulation of MillsAnd allb,

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better regulating the Price and Assize of Bread: And also.

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Use of Wheat in making Starch.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House /ngPBreadrft to <re lve itself into a Committee of the whole House Com, See. to consider further of the Report which, upon the 10th Day of February last, was made from the Committee appointed to consider of Means for rendering more effectual the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for better regulating the Assize and making of Bread," and who were instructed to consider of the most effectual Means of remedying any Inconveniences which may arise from the Deficiency of the last Crop of Grain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Baker took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Vol. 55.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Re- Second Report port, which was this Day made from the Committee ap-

': . r toe respecting

pointed to consider of Means for rendering more effectual the Affiie of the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of Bread, &c. to the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act fnn " for better regulating the Assize and making of Bread," and who were instructed to consider of the most effectual Means of remedying any Inconveniences which may arise from the Deficiency of the last Crop of Grain, , *

together with the Appendix thereunto, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Spirfholt in-thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of, £.loi, ir I> ti-and otherwise interested in, the Open Common Fields,

Common Meadows, and Pasture Grounds, Waste and '

Down Ground/ in the Parish of Sparfholt, in the County

4 A <x

74 6° Martii . 1800.

of Berks, and within the Township or Hamlet of West-vote, in the same Parish and County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Pasture Grounds, Waste and Down Ground, are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made thereof to the several Persons interested therein, the same might be greatly improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, laying in Severalty, and inclosing the said Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pasture Grounds, Waste and Down Ground, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Theopkilus Metcalfe and Mr. Golding do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Tan field Div»- A Petition of the most Noble John Marquis of Buie,

[otmem Peti"- m°ft Noble Francis Marquis of Hertford, and the

tion. humble Petition of the Right honourable John Stuart,

commonly called Earl of Sir John Eden, Baro-

net, and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Chapelry of Tan-field, in the Parish of Chester le , in the County of Durham, for and on Behalf of themselves and the other Owners of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, having Right of Common upon the Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Land, herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is, within the Chapelry of and the Parish

of Chester le Street, in the County of , a certain

Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Land, commonly passed Tanfield Moor, containing, by Estimation, i,ioo Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Petitioners, the Marquis of Bute, the Marquis of Hertford, and the Earl of Windsor, are (eifed of, and entitled to, the Soil of the said Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Land, as Tenants in Common, in certain Shares and Proportions and that the Petitioners, and several other Persons, are Owners of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Chapelry, and they, or their Trustees, Lessees, Farmers, or Tenants, in respect of, or as appendant, appurtenant, or belonging thereto, are entitled to Right of Common upon the said Common Moor, or Traft of Waste Land; and that the Petitioners are willing and desirous, that the said Common Moor, or Traft of Waste Land, which, in its present State, is of little Ule, but is capable of Cultivation and Improvement, may be cultivated and improved, and for that Purpose let out, divided, and allotted, to and amongst the several Persons entitled to Right of Common thereon, according to their respectivelnterefts therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Burden and Sir Ralph Mdo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

r,',rr»ice«er A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

»n<i cvickiade thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and «"uor„ . §ejting forth. That an Act was passed, in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Cirencester, in the County of to

in the County of Wilts j and that a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed upon the Credit of the said Act, which still remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Road kept in Repair for the future, unless the Term of the said Act, which is near expiring, be

continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confident ion of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof , and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. EJlcourt, the Marquis of Worcester, Ac.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are SodburyRjQa{|| thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing the several Acts herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was palfed,

-in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Chippenham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Fogg Hill, in the County of Gloucester, and from the

Stone Pillar to the Top of Old Sod Hill, in the said County of Gloucester, whereby the said Roads were divided into Two Districts, and Trustees appointed for the Care of each; One of which Districts, containing the Road from a Place called The Slone Pillar, or CroJ's Hand, in the Tithing of Al/ington, in the Parish of Chippenham, in the said County of Wilts, to or near a House commonly called The Cross Hands, at or near the Top of Old Sodbury Hill, in the County of Gloucester, was thereby called The Sodbury Hill DiJlriSl; and that another Act was palfed, in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the Nine Mile Stone, on the Bristol Road, at or near a Place called The Clay Pits, to or near the Chapel at Stone, and also the Roads to or near Berkeley, Durfley,

Edge, Stroud, and Sodbury, and several other Roads, in the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts; and, by virtue of the Powers therein contained, the Trustees, thereby appointed, divided themselves into Committees for the Care and Management of Divisions or Parts of the said Roads, one of which, comprehending the Roads to or near Sodbury, and the New and Old Passages, in the County of Gloucester, has been usually called The Sodbury Division of Roads; and that several Acts mentioned in the said Two recited Acts, and which had been made for repairing and widening the said several Roads, were, by the said recited Acts, lo far as the same related to the respective Roads therein included, severally repealed, and the said Two recited Acts respectively took place instead thereof, and have since been acted under by the Commissioners appointed by the same Acts respectively; and that several Sums of Money have been, from Time to Time, respectively borrowed on the Credit of the said Roads, called The Sodbury Hill District of Roads, Part of the Roads included in the said First recited Act, and also of the said Roads called The Sodbury Division of Roads, Part of the Roads included in the said Second recited Act, and on Security of different Parts of the said last mentioned Division of Roads, by virtue of the Powers for that Purpose contained in the said recited Acts, and also in the several former Acts, which were thereby 'repealed, as aforesaid, and the said Sums of Money, or the greater Part of them, are now due and owing, on the Credit or Security of such of the same Roads, in respect whereof the same Sums were originally borrowed; and that it would be more convenient to the Trustees having the Care and Management of the said Roads, and the same might be better managed, improved, and maintained, if so much of the above-recited Acts, as relates thereto, were repealed, and the said several Roads made One Joint Trust, under the Care and Management of One Set of Trustees, and the several Powers and Provisions requisite for that Purpose included in One Act:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repealing so much of the said recited x Acts

4° Geo. III. 6° — 7

A efts as relate to the said Roads, and for making Provision for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the same Roads, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fatne> as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Eft courts Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Voice t Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com-M^orTod01 mittee, to whom the Bill for more effectually repairing, chepftow widening, and improving, the Road from the Village of Hoads Bill. Mrigor to the Bridge-foot in the Town of in

the County of Monmouth, and several other Roads in the Counties of MonmouHereford, and

-Brecon, is committed.

Ordfal incio- A Petition of the Honourable John Anthony

tire Petition. Hardolph Eyre, Esquire, George , Esquire, Thomas Lacy Dickonfon, Esquire, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Estates within the Parish of , in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and uninclosed Fields, called The Far Field, Middle Field, and Near Field, containing together, by Estimation, 200 Acres, or thereabouts; and one Open Meadow, on the West Side of the River Idle, containing, by Estimation, 25 Acres, or thereabouts; and also certain Parcels of Common and Waste Ground, called IVhinny Moor and Thrumplon Green, lying on the East Side of the said River, containing together, by Estimation, 25 Acres, or thereabouts; and a certain other Parcel of Common or ‘Waste Ground, lying on the West Side of the same River, containing, by Estimation, 130 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the said Open Fields, Meadow, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in their prefen t State, are incapable of Improvement, and it will be of Advantage if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-tloling, the said Open Fields, Meadow, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pierrepont and Mr. John do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V eneris, 70 Martii;

Anno 40° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1800. Prayers.

Kent County a PETITION of the Magistrates of the County of Kate Petition. Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, af-

fcnibled on Saturday the 2 2d Day of February last, at an . adjourned Quarter Sessions then holden at Maidstone, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Rate for the said County, as now assessed, is unequal, unjust, and disproportionate; and that it is highly expedient. Power should be given to the Justices of Peace for the said County, in their General or Quar-Vol. 55.

'Martii. a 75

ter Sessions, to make a fair and equal County Rate, and for that Purpose to assess and tax rateably,. and in equal Proportions, according to the Annual Rent and Value of Estates throughout the Whole of the said County, for and towards the fame, to be applied for all the Purposes and Objects to which the County Rate is by Law liable r And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Justices of the Peace for the said County, at a General Sessions assembled, to make a just, equal, and proportionate Rate,''throughout the Whole of the said County, to be applied for the general Purposes of the said County, the making. Collection and Expenditure, of which, to be regulated by the >

Justices of the said County, assembled at General Sessions, to be occasionally holden in the said County, for the said Purposes, and for such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do.examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them,-to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Geary, Sir Edward Knatchbull, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Gideon Bickerdike, of Piccadilly, in the Petition for

County of Middlesex, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Agreement for Culmington, in the County of Salop, and of the several Session, See. other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inclosure being Owners of Estates within the Townships of Session,

Bacbe, and Norton, in the Parish of Culmington, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That, in or about the Year 1788, the several Owners of Estates within the said Townships entered into an Agreement among themselves to divide, allot, and inclose, a certain Common or Parcel of Waste Land, called Session Forest, otherwise The Long Forest, ' containing 383 Acres a Roods and 16 Perches, or thereabouts, situate and lying partly in the Township of Session, and partly in the Townships of Bache and Norton, and the same was afterwards divided and allotted accordingly among the several Persons interested therein, whrf took Possession of, and inclosed, their several Allotments, and the same have ever since been held in Severalty; and that the said Agreement was never properly executed by the several Parties interested, but the Terms thereof were strictly enforced and accepted by each of them; and that the Petitioners, and the several other Persons who are in present Pofiession of the Lands and Estates for which such Allotments have been set out as aforesaid, being desirous of completing the Agreement so negle<sted to be executed, have v

lately executed a proper Agreement, conformable in every Respect to the Agreement before-mentioned, which has been signed by all the Owners of Lands and Estates within the said Townships having any Interest upon the Waste Land so inclosed as aforesaid, but the Petitioners are advised such Agreement cannot be made effectual unless the same is established and confirmed by the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for confirming # and establishing the said Division and Inclosure, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Geary, Mr. Morgan,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal to raise Money for completing the said

'Worcester Debtors Petition.

Bedford Level (Fourth Dif-tri^) Drainage Petition.

27 6 7 Martii. 1800.

laid Canal, and t'6 vary the LinO of the said Canal, and to alter, explain, and amend the Ad, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Black-bur ne of Lancajltire, Mr, Stanley, &c.: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in the County Gaol of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their'Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of certain Lands ^nd Grounds, lying within the Fourth District of the North Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for discharging the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, from a Debt due to the Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln, and for enabling the Proprietors of Lands in the North Level, Part of the said Great Level, to raise Money to discharge the Proportion of the said North Level in the Debts of the said Corporation, and for ascertaining and appropriating the Taxes to be laid on the said North Level, and for the more effectual draining and preserving the said North Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of ,the several Lands and Grounds intended to be drained under the Powers and Authorities of the said Act, were thereby' divided into Five Districts or Division?, as therein mentioned and described; and that the Commissioners acting for the Fourth District, mentioned in the said Act, have made several Cuts, Drains, and Outlets, and erected several Bridges, Mills, and Engines, and have done several other Works for draining and preserving the Lands and Grounds within the said District, and have charged the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands and Grounds therein with the several Rates or Taxes by the said Act authorized to be raised for the particular Works of the said Fourth District, and have applied and expended the same in and about the said Works, and have borrowed, and taken up at Interest, several Sums of Money, and contracted several Debts, on Account of the particular Works of the said Fourth District; and that the said Rates and Taxes have been found insufficient to discharge the said Debts, and the Yearly Expences of maintaining, and keeping in Repair, the said Works; and that the Lands and Grounds within the said Fourth District might be further greatly improved, if additional Works of Drainage were made therein, and if a further Yearly Rate or Tax was laid on the said' Lands and Grounds, for discharging the Debts already incurred, and for making, maintaining, and preserving the several necessary Works of Drainage within the said FourthDiftridt; and that the PowersandAuthoritiesgranted by the said Act have been found to be insufficient for the effectual Drainage and Preservation of the Lands and . Grounds within the said Fourth District: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better draining and preserving the Lands and Grounds within the said Fourth District, and for amending and rendering more effectual the said Act, so far as relates to the Fourth District of the said North Level.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Yotke, General A Jean e, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday

Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Lands and other Hereditaments within the Parish of John, Hertford, and the Liberty or Parish of Brickendon, in the County of Hertford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish and Liberty, certain Open and Common Fields, Comrtiortable Places, and Waste Lands, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improve ment, find it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested therein if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof set otlt and allotted to them, according to their respective Rights and Inte<-rests: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Morgan and Mr. Plurner do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Inhabitants of Houses erected upon, or Lessees of, certain Pieces or Plots of Ground belonging to his Grace the Duke of Bedfmd, in the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Middlesex, on which Houses, and other Buildings, have already been erected, and are intended to be erected, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That Houses of considerable Value have been built on the East Side of the said Pieces or Plots of Ground, and Houses are purposed to be erected and built on the other Sides thereof, to form a Square, intended to be called Rife I Square; and that it would be much to the Advantage of the Owners, Lessees, and Occupiers, of the Houses and Buildings erected, or to be erected, in or near the said Square, if the Centre of the same was formed, and made into a Pleasure Ground, and properly raised in and ornamented, and if Provision was made to defray the Expence of forming, making, keeping in Repair, continuing, and preserving such Pleasure' Ground, or inclosed Part of the said Square, and the Railing, Gates, Lamp Irons, Grass Plot, Walks, and other Ornaments and Things belonging the reto: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for eft'efting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Adair, Mr. 'Tierney, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Inhabitants of Houses ereftetf upon, or Lessees of, certain Pieces or Plots of Ground belonging to his Grace the Duke of Bedford, in the Parish of SainPancras, in the County of Middlesex, on which Houses and other Buildings have

already been erected, or are now erecting, and intended to be erected, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Pieces or Plots of Ground have lately been laid out for Streets and Squares, and Houses of considerable Value are erected, and now building, thereon, and many other Houses and Buildings are purposed and intended to be built in the said Streets

and

St. John's, Hertford, Sic. Inclosure Petition.

Btoomftvirr

Improvement

Petition.

Pancras Paring, &c. Pe$i tion.

t

40 Geo. III. 70 Ma. 377

and Squares; and that certain Parts of the said Streets and Squares are not paved, and are subject to Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments, and other Parts thereof, although paved, are still subject to Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments; and that, if proper Powers are given for paving, watching, lighting, cleansing, regulating, and watering, the said Streets, Squares, and Places not paved, and for keeping in Repair, watching, lighting, cleansing, regulating, and watering those already paved, and for preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments, in the same respectively, it would be a great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Streets, Squares, and Places, and to all Persons resorting to, or passing through, the same: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Adair, Mr. Whitbread, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

(jorwicti Pa';- A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of Norwich, ing. &c> PeM' was presented- to the House, and read; Setting forth, woo- That the several Streets, Public Passages, and Places,

within the said City, are very ill-paved, and are not sufficiently cleansed and watched, and are also much incommoded by various Annoyances, Encroachments, and other Nuisances; and that the Powers given by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Ann, for erecting a Workhouse in the said City, and for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there, are insufficient for jthe Purpose of lighting the said City, and it would tend greatly to the Safety, Accommodation, and Convenience, not only of the Inhabitants of the said City, but also of all Persons resorting thereto, if the said several Streets, Public Passages, and Places, were properly paved, and well and sufficiently lighted, cleanled, and watched, and certain Encroachments and Nuisances removed: And therefore' praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the said several Purposes, and for repealing such Parts of the said recited Act as relate to the lighting the said City, by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations and Refiric-tions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Secretary at War, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Salhooie In- Mr. AJiley reported from the Committee, to whom cloture Bill, the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Com-repeted. mons and Waste Grounds within the- Parish of Salhwfe, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands assessed to the Poors Rate at £. 8. 5 s,who refused to sign the Bill; and also,

v except the Proprietors of Lands assessed at £. 55, ior. who declared themselves neuter; and that the whole Property to be aftefted by the Bill isafiTelTed to the Poors Raie at £. 821.; and that no Person appeared before Vot. 55.

the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Quee read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in grofied.

Mr. AJiley reported from the Committee, to whom Camtey, &«. the Bill, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Com- ".,

mons and Waste Grounds within the Parishes of Cantley *

and HaJJingham, in the County of Norfolk, and for drain-

ing and preserving the lame, and also certain Marsh Lands, within the said Parishes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put there upon, were agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. AJiley reported from the Committee, to whom Thorpe in«ia. the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com- rc"

mons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of ‘Thorpe, next Norwich, in the County of Norfolk, and in the County of the City of Norwich, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except certain Proprietors, whole Estates are assessed to the Poors Rate at £. 12. per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except certain Proprietors, assessed at £. 22. per Annum, who were neuter; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Poors Rate at £. 665. per Annum; and that jjo Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in grafted.

Mr. AJiley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons "

and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Langley, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates of the Annual Value of £.52. who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property of Persons interested in the Inclosure is of the Annual 4 B Value

Whifwick and Thringltonc Inclosme Petition.

Afttby Would Inclosure Bill, prefen ted.

Milford and Pet worth Roads, &Cm Billy passed.

Peak Forest Canal Bill, committed.

278 70 Martii. . 1800.

Value of f. 1,863. 14J. 4 d.\and that no Person ap-j>eared before the Committee to oppose the Bill)} and that the Committee had gonethroQgh the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

A Petition of the Reverend John Piddocke, Leonard Piddocke, Esquire, Ellis Shipley Esquire, Henry

Cropper, Esquire, and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners, and Proprietors of Land, Ground, and Right of Common, within the Lordship and Liberties of and Thringfone,

in the Parish of Whitwick, in the County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Lordship or Liberties, several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which lie intermixed in small Parcels, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement, and it would greatly tend to the Advantage of the several Persons interested therein, to have the same divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted and awarded to each Proprietor, according to his or her Interest therein j and that certain Allotments, or Divisions of Land, within- the said Lordship or Liberty of Thringstone, have heretofore been made amongst the Proprietors, by private Agreement, which would be of great Advantage and Benefit to the said Proprietors to be confirmed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, Meadows, and Commons, and for confirming the said Allotments and Divisions, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp and Mr. Keck do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

tr

Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common or Waste Ground called IVoulds, in the Manor and Parish of Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Fifth- Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads leading from the Village of in the County of

Surrey, through Petworth, to the Top of Dunckton Hill, and from Petworth to St of ham Bridge, in the County of Sussex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads leading from the Village of Milford, in the County of Surrey, through Petworth, to the Top of Dunckton Hill, and from P to Stopham Bridge, in the County of Sussex.

Ordered, That Mr. Sargent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for altering and amending an Act, pasted in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Peak Forest Canal, and

' 9

for granting to the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal, further and other Powers, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Clarke, Mr. Patten, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers and Provisions, of an Act, pasted in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Alemothrough Alnwick and Rothbury, to Hexham, and a Branch from the said Road, between Alnwick and Rothbury, to Jockey's Dike Bridge, in the County of Northumberland; and also, for altering the Termination of the said Road at the South End thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Matthew White Ridley, Mr. Grey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

i.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Proprietors, or Agents for Owners or Proprietors, of Lands and Tenements, in the several Townships of Croston,

Rufford, Bifpham, Tarleton, and Brelherton, all in the County of Lancaster, or some or one of them, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is in the said several Townships aconsiderable Extent of Low Lands which are subject to be overflowed, and thereby much damaged, and, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were drained, it would be a great Advantage to the Owners and Proprietors thereof, and of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for draining the said Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Stanley, Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable Thomas James Lord Bulkeley, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, between the Isle of and the Isle of Anglesea, in the Irifi Channel, at a Place called Penmon, on the-Coast of Anglesea, are certain dangerous Rocks, on which many Ships and Vessels have been wrecked for want of a Lighthouse on the said Isle of Priejlholme, which would direct the Navigator, when embayed on that Coast, to shoot the Gut, or Sound, which separates the said Isle of Pries holme from the said Isle of Anglesea, and thereby gain the safe and commodious Harbour of Beaumaris; and that the Petitioner is seised in Fee of the said Isle of Pries holme, and is willing to erect and maintain a good and sufficient Lighthouse thereon, and to cause the same to be properly lighted at all necessary Times, at his own Costs and Charges, upon Condition of being allowed such Indemnification byWay of Tonnage Rates on Shipping, as may be just and reasonable { and that the Petitioner has had the Sandtion of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, and the Corporation of Trinity House, and the Reports from the said Boards have been transmitted to the Guild of Merchants at Liverpool, for their Approbation: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Owners

of

Alemouth and Alnwick Road Bill, committed.

Crofton, &c. Drainage Petition.

Pricllholme Lighthouse Petition.

Wltlrford Ini» closure Petition.

New Windsor Road Petition.

40 Geo. III. 7 Ma' 279

of Estates within the Parish of in the County of Fitnty was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Paridi, certain Common Lands and Marshes, in and upon which the Petitioners are entitled to Right of Common; and that the said Common Lands and Marshes, in their present State, are of little Value, but if divided into specific AllotmentSjpand inclosed, the same might be considerably improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and fencing the said Common Lands and Marshes, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Thomas Williams and Sir Watkin Williams Wynn do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town of Hew Windsor, and Parts adjacent, in the County of Berks, and also of the several Towns and Parishes of ton, Wyrardisbury, and Langley, in the County of

and of Harmondsworth, in the County of , was

pjefented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there was an ancient Bridge over the River Thames at hatchet, in the County of Bucks, which, being in a very decayed State, at length became impassable, and, in Consequence thereof, such Parts which remained were, in the Month of June, in the Year 1795, pulled down, whereby great Inconvenience has arisen to the Petitioners and the Public, as there has been no convenient Passage over the Thames, in that Part of the Country, ever since; and that the Petitioners are informed it is intended to erect a new Bridge over the River,

in a Situation more convenient and useful to the Public, viz. from a Place near a small Bridge called Neville's Bridge, in the Paridi of New Windsor, in the said County of Berks, to the opposite Shore, near a Place called South/ey, in the Paridi of Datchet aforesaid, which is at some Distance from the Scite of the above mentioned former Bridge; and that the said new Bridge will form a Communication between the Towns, Parishes, and Places above mentioned, and divers other Parts of the Kingdom; and that it would be a great Benefit and Convenience to the Petitioners and others. Inhabitants of the said Towns, Parishes, and Places, by making a shorter Communication between the Metropolis and the said Town of New Windsor, and be of Public Utility, if a Road were made from the said Town of New Windsor over the said intended Bridge, and from thence to or near Hatchet Common Gate, on the Road from Hatchet to Stanwell, in the County of Middlesex, and if the Road from thence to the Hand Poll at were amended, widened, and kept in Repair, and if a new Road were made from the said Hand Post to or near the Sixteenth Mile Stone on the Road from Colnbrook to London, or some other convenient Spot on the said last mentioned Road: And therefore praying, That I^eave may be given to bring in a Bill for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Road as aforesaid, from the said Town of New Windsor, over the said intended new Bridge, to the Road between Colnbrook and London, at or near the Sixteenth Mile Stone aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Williams, Mr. Shaw Lefevre,&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Voi.. 55.

An ingrosst d Bill for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Town of lin the County of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Town of lvelchester, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Eftcourt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Bill for puni filing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, ^t the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that the House, having resolved to adjourn over Tomorrow, which is the last Day appointed for receiving Petitions for Private Bills, such Petitions may be received on Monday next.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House.

A Bill for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing the Sum of Three Millions, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two Hundred Thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, was committed.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House j and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be. then ingossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Report, which, upon the 10th Day of February last, was made from the Committee appointed to consider of Means for rendering more effectual the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for better regulating the Assize and making of Bread," and who were instructed to consider of the most effectual Means of remedying any Inconveniencies which may arise from the Deficiency of the last Crop of Grain, be now read.

And

Irelchester Road Bill, pxffed.

Day appointed for Second Reading of Mutiny Bill.

House resolve to adjourn to Monday.

Committee to fit.

Bank Agreement Bill committed.

National Debt Bill, reported.

Report respect-ing Bread, Corn, Sec. further considered.

Resolutions agreed to, ami Bills oi dued.

Bill to encourage tbt Culture of Potatoes, ordered.

fc»ll for better Regulation of Mills, erdtftd.

Bill for better regulating the Assize of Bread, ordered.

Bill respeffing Starch, ordered.

Second Corn Report to be communicated to the Lords.

Bill to continue and amend Pc or Relief Bill, ordered.

2Bo 7° Martii. . i8oq.

And the Paid Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the Paid Report into further Consideration.

And the Resolutions of the Committee being {eve-rally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in upon the Paid Resolutions: And that Mr. Baker, the Lord

Hawkesbury, Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Baker then moved the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to encourage the Cultivation of Potatoes on Waste Lands, for a Time to be limited.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to encourage the Cultivation of Potatoes on Waste Lands, for a Time to be limited: And that Mr. the Lord Hawkesbury, Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Baker also moved the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation of Mills."

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-six.th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation of Mills:" And that Mr. Baker, the Lord Hawkesbury, Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Baker also moved the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better regulating the Price and Assize of Bread.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better regulating the Price and Assize of Bread: And that Mr. Baker, the Lord Hawkesbury, Mr. Boje, Mr. Long, and Mi. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Baker also moved the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Use of Wheat in making Starch.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Use of Wheat in making Starch: And that Mr. Baker, the Lord Hawkesbury, Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to communicate to their Lordships a Printed Copy of the Second Report, from the Committee appointed to consider. of Means for rendering more effectual the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " better regulating the Assize and making of Bread," and who were instructed to consider of the most effectual Means of remedying any Inconvenieqcies which may arise from the Deficiency of the last Crop of Grain.

Ordered, That the Lord Hawkesbury do carry the said Message.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Relief of the Poor, " within the several Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, " in that Part of Great Britain called England, incorporated by divers Acts of Parliament for the Purpose " of the better Maintenance and Employment of the " Poor; and for enlarging the Powers of the Guardians " of the Poor within the said several Hundreds, Towns, " and Districts, as to the Assessments to be made upon " the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, within their " respective Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, for the Support and Maintenance of the Poor," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue and amend the said Act: And that Sir Charles JBunbury, Lord Viscount Brome, and Mr, Buxton, do prepare, and bring ip, the lame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Popham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Way of Annuities; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on British and Foreign Spirits, and Tea; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. IVebb from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears due on the 5th of January 1800, from the Officers of Excise in England, from the 5th January 1774, so far as the same can be made up; — distinguishing the Names of such Officers, and for what Collections, and in what Capacity they are or were employed, the Sums originally due from them, and where; — and the Amount and Dates of the Payments which have been made in Discharge thereof.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all the Coals imported into the Port of London, from the ift of March 1790, to the ift of March 1800; specifying the Quantity imported between the ift of March and the ift of October, and the ift of October and the ift of March, of each succeeding Year.

Mr. HuJkiJJon presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Return of the Number of French Emigrants resident in Great Britain, including Laity and Clergy, made from the Registers of the Alien Office, 28th February 1800.

And the Title of the said Return was read.

Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Return is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Lord Viscount Belgrave reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and such other Citizens and Inhabitants, of and within the City of Chester, and County of the same City, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, and Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him tore-port the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth 5 viz

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better regulating the Poor, maintaining a Nightly Watch, Lighting, Paving, and Cleansing the Streets, Roads, and Passages, providing Fire Engines, and Firemen, regulating the Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Carmen, and Porters, within the City of was read: And, >

Mr. William Richards,, being examined, said, That the Powers granted by the said Act, have been found

t9

The Lord have agreed to

Bill for raising a Sum by Annuities.

Bill for granting Duties on Spirits and Tea.

Account of Arrears from Officers of the Excise, pee-footed.

Account of

Coals imported into London, ordered.

Return of of French EOugrants, pre-tented.

Chester Police See, Petition^ reported#

Couth Hykc ham Incloiuic Petition.

Liverpool nt\ Church, See. Petition.

40 Geo. IIL 7 0 Martii.281

to be insufficient to answer the Purposes thereby intend- Church or Chapel may be consecrated, set apart, and deed (except so far as regards the Poor) and that it would dicated, to and for such Service, and established as a tend greatly to the Health, Safety, and Comfort, of the Place of Divine Worship, according to the Ul. ee of the Inhabitants of the said City, and others, resorting the re- Church of , for ever, and that the Residue of the

to, if the same was properly and effectually watched, said Piece of Ground may be jet apart and consecrated as lighted, and cleansed, and the Police thereof properly and for a Cemetery or Burial Place to the same Church, regulated: — And the Witness further said. That the and he hath for that Purpose obtained the Consent of Streets, Roads, and other Public Passages and Places, the Rcftors of the said Parish, and of the Corporation of within the said City, and the Avenues thereto, are much Liverpool, the Patrons of the said Rectory, and of the put of Repair, and inconvenient, and that new Streets Bishop of Chester, the Ordinary thereof: And therefore are wanted; that the Bridge over the River Dee, and praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Avenues thereto, are very narrow; and that it would the Purpose aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the be of great Public Utility if the said Streets, and other House mall seem proper.

Public Passages and Places, within the said City, were Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the improved, and the said Bridge re-built, and the Avenues Oonflderation of a Committee: And that they do exa-thereto made more convenient. mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it fha.ll

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for appear to them, to the House: repealing an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign And it is referred to Mr. General

of His present Majesty, for better regulating the Poor &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning within the City of Chester, and County of the same City next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber;

(except so much thereof as relates to the Poor) and for and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers; and Regranting other Powers for maintaining a Nightly Watch, cords.

Lighting, Widening, Paving, and Cleansing, the Squares,

Streets, Rows, Public Lanes, Roads, Passages, and Places; A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the LaneafterCa-

for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstruc- Lancaster Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, nal

tions, and Annoyances, within the said City; for regu- and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the

lating and licensing Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Ma-

Carmen, Porters, and others, within the said City and jesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal

County thereof; and for removing the Market therein; from Kirkby Kendal, in the County of to

for widening, or re-building, the Bridge over the River Wesihoug in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and

Dee, and making proper Avenues thereto, in the fa- also a Navigable Branch from the said intended Canal at

rilhes of Saint Mary upon the Hill, Saint Olave's, and or near Berwick, to or near Warton Cragg, and also another

Saint Bridget, in the said City, and providing proper Navigable Branch from, at, or near, Gale Moss, by Chorley,

Funds for those Purposes; for providing Fire Engines to or near in the said County Palatine of

and Firemen, and for establishing a proper and effectual caster, the Petitioners were united into a Company, and Police in the said City: And that Lord Viscount Bel- were authorized to make and complete a Canal, to be grave and Mr. Grosvenor do prepare, and bring in, the called The Lancaster Canal, and to be navigable and lame. passable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from, at;

or near, Kirkby Kendal aforesaid, to and through the A Petition of the Right honourable the Earl of several Parishes and Places in the said Act mentioned, Bv.ckinghamshire, and the Right honourable Lord Bfown- into the Township of Westhoughton, at a Place called low. Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds in Westho Chapel, in the said County Palatine of Lan the Parish of South Hykehatn, in the County of Lincoln, caster-, and to the End that the Petitioners might be was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, enabled to carry on so useful an Undertaking, they were That in the said Pari Hr are several Open Meadows, thereby empowered to raise and contribute among them Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, wherein the selves, in such Proportions as to them should seem meet different Properties lie intermixed and dispersed in small and convenient, a competent Sum of Money, not ex-Parcels, and are for the most Part inconveniently situ- ceeding the Sum of £.414,100, in the Whole, and the ated, and it would be of great Advantage to the Parties ‘said Sum of £. 414,100, or such Part thereof as should interested therein if the same were inclosed, and di- be raised, should be divided and distinguished into 4,14! vided into specific Allotments, and if Compensation were equal Parts Or Shares, at a Price not exceeding £. 100 made to the Rest or of South Hykehatn aforesaid, in lieu of per Share; and that in case the said Sum of £. 414,100 the Tythes of all the tytheable Lands within the same should be found insufficient for the Purposes aforesaid,

Parish: And therefore praying. That Leave may be then, and in such Case, the Petitioners were enabled to given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Pur- raise and contribute amongst themselves, in Manner and poses aforesaid, subject to such Orders and Regulations Form aforesaid, in such Shares and Proportions as to as the House shall judge proper. them should seem meet, or by the Admission of new

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Subscribers, any further or other Sum of Money, not pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that exceeding the Sum of £. 200,000, and every Subscriber Mr. Simon Yorke and Mr. George Sutton do prepare, and towards raising such further or other Sum of Money -bring in, the fame. should be a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, and have

a like Vote by himself or herself, or his or her Proxy, in r A Petition of John Houghton, of Liverpool, in the respect of every Share in the said additional Sum so to County of Lancaster, Esquire, was presented to the House, be raised, and should be liable to such Forfeiture, and and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner hath lately stand interested in all the Profits and Powers of the said purchased, appropriated, and set apart, a certain Piece Navigation, in Proportion to the Sum he, she, or they, of Ground, situate on the South Side of Hunter Street, should or might subscribe thereto; and it was thereby within the Liberties of the Town and Parish of Liver- enacted, that £.60,000, Part of the Monies subscribed, pool, as and for the Scite of a Church or Chapel, toge- or so much thereof as should be sufficient for that Pur-ther with a Yard for a Burial Place or Cemetery there- pose, should be laid out and expended in making and to, and which Piece of Ground he has, at his own Ex- completing the said Canal, in the County of -

pence, inclosed with a Wall; and hath also erected thereon land; and the Petitioners were thereby enabled to bor-anew Church or Chapel, and in all Respects hath finished row and take up at Interest all or any Part of the said and completed the same in a proper, decent, and very Sum of £.200,000, upon the Credit of the said Navi-commodious Manner, fit for the performing Divine Ser- gation, by Mortgage of the said Undertaking; and that vice therein; and the Petitioner is desirous that the said the Petitioners have made great Progress in making and . Vol. 55. 4C completing

4

fcrkhurton Inclosure Petition *

South Nuffield Inclosure Pe» lieion.

282 Marfii.1800;

completing certain Parts of the said Canal, and have expresent open and uncultivated State, incapable of ma-pended more than all the Money by them subscribed to terial Improvement, but, if the same were divided into the said Undertaking, after reserving the said Sum of specific Allotments to the several Persons interested £. 60,000, for the Canal in the said County of Westmor- therein, and if a Compensation Were made for the Tythes land, and are very desirous of proceeding in their Under- of the tame Township, a very considerable Benefit would taking, but are at present unable to raite the said Sum of arise therefrom: And therefore praying. That Leave £.200,000, by any of the Modes in their said Act con- may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and in-tained; and that, if the Petitioners were enabled to doting the several Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and raise the said Sum of £. 200,000, by the Admission of Waste Grounds, in the Township of South irt

new Subscribers, at the Rate or Value of £. 30 per Share, the Parish of Heminbrough, in the County of , in

or at such other Rate or Value per Share as should, such Manner and Form, and under such Restrictions, from Time to Time, be the current or saleable Value of and with such Powers, as to the House thall feetn Shares, and that such Subscribers might have the same meet.

Benefit and Advantage upon each new Share as the Pe- OrThat Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-titioners have upon their original Shares, then the said suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Sum of£. 200,000 might be procured, and the Petition- Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lafeelles do prepare, and ers thereby enabled to pay off the Debts contracted by bring in, the fame, the Company, and also to proceed in their Undertaking,

so as to make it more beneficial to themselves, and of A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are JngWch-much greater Public Utility: And therefore praying, thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and other That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to empower Owners and Proprietors of Estates, within the Town- ure ei10"' them to raite the said Sum of £. 200,000, by the Ad- thip of in the Parish of Penifone, in the

million of such new Subscribers, and for other Purposes, West Riding of the County of York, was presented to in such Manner as to the Houte thall fcem meet. the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the within the said Township, Commons and Waste Grounds, Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex- containing in the Whole, by Estimation, 700 Acres, or amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it thereabouts, and, if the same were divided and allotted shall appear to them, to the House: unto and amongst the several Persons interested therein.

And it is referred to Mr. Dent, Mr. Stanley, &c.: according to their respe olive Rights and Interests, and And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at such Allotments inclosed, they would be rendered of Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and much greater Value, and might be much improved: have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to

bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the A Petition of John Kdye, Esquire, Lord of the Manor, said Commons and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and Owner of the Soil within the Township of Kirkbur- and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the ton, in the West Riding of the County of York, and of House thall seem meet.

the Freeholders within the said Township, who have Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Right of Common upon the Commons, Moors, and pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Waste Grounds, within the said Township, whose Names Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lafeelles do prepare, are thereunto subscribed, for and in Behalf of themselves, and bring in, the fame.

and others. Freeholders, interested in the said Commons,

Moors, and Waste Grounds, was presented to the A Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Peti- Petition for House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within tion of the several other Persons, whose Names are there-the said Manor, several Open Commons, Moors, and unto subscribed, being Guardians of the Charitable In- 1 e yum' Waste Grounds, containing about 200 Acres, which, stitution, commonly called The or House of

in their present State, are of little Value, but, if the Refuge for the Reception of Orphan Girls, the Settle-' same were divided into specific Shares - and allotted to ments of whose Parents cannot be found, was presented the several Persons interested therein, a very consider- to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in the able Benefit and Advantage would arise from the Im- Year 1758, a Charitable Society was entered into by. provement and Cultivation thereof: And therefore pray- several Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others, for establish-tng, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for di- ing an Asylum, or House for the Reception, Main-viding, inclosing, and allotting, the said Commons, tenance. Education, and Employment, of friendless and Moors, and Waste Grounds, to and amongst the several deserted Orphan Girls, the Settlements of whose Parents Persons interested therein, in such Parts, Shares, and could not be found, and the same hath been, from that Proportions, with such Powers, under such Restrictions, Time, carried on in a House and Premises, provided for and in such Manner and Form, as to the House shall the Purpose, situate in the Parish of Mary, Lam-seem meet. beth, in the County of Surrey, and the said Charity hath

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- been supported by the Voluntary Subscriptions and Do-suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that nations of charitable and well disposed Persons, and a Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lafeelles do prepare, very great Number of such Orphan Girls have been re-and bring in, the fame. ceived into, and maintained and educated the Aby, and,

at proper Ages, apprenticed therefrom, and such Or-A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are phan Girls have not only been Iheltered and protected thereunto subscribed, being severally Freeholders, Pro- from Vice and Want, but carefully instructed in the prietors of Hereditaments in the Township of South Principles of Religion, and in Reading, Writing, Nee-Duffield, in the Parish of Heminbrough, in the County of die Work, and Household Business, and trained to York, and having Right of Common upon the Com- Habits of Industry and Regularity, whereby the Public mons and Waste Grounds within the same Township, on hath been, and continues to be, provided with a Sup-Behalf of themselves, and others, interested in the Fields, ply of diligent and sober Female Domestic Servants j Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the same and that Experience hath shewn, that the said Charity Township, was presented to the House, and read; Set- hath been hitherto of considerable Use, and an Act van-ting forth, That there are, within the said Township, tage to the Public, and it is apprehended, that, if coun-. divers Open Common Fields and Ings, containing, by tenanced and supported by the Laws of this Realm,

Estimation, 160 Acres, or thereabouts, and several Open and established upon a permanent Foundation, and Commons and Waste Grounds, containing, by Estima- veiled with Powers for better enabling the Subscribers' tion, 400 Acres, or thereabouts, which are, in their thereto to carry into Execution their charitable and

useful

4© Geo. III.

7° — 10° Mar lit.

283

useful Designs, the said Charity would be of much more Deeping Saint James, West Deeping, Tal/ingten,

exterifive Use, and of Hill greater Benefit and Advantage to the Public, as being a Means (by an Increafej from Time to Time, of the Funds of the said Charity) of adding? to the Number of Objects to be received therein, and to derive Benefit therefrom: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for establishing and well governing the said Charitable Institution, and for incorporating the Subscribers

and Baston, are entitled to Right of Common, and

are otherwise int?rested ;, and that it will be of very material Advantage to the Petitioners to have the said Commonable and Waste Lands, in the several Parishes and Places laffc mentioned, divided and inclosed at the same Time with the said Fens and Low Lands: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to insert, in the Bill or Bills to be brought into the House, in

- 1 I O # " c> '

thereto, and for the better empowering and enabling pursuance of the Petition for the Drainage and Inclosure them to carry on their charitable and useful Designs, of the said Fens and Low Lands, sufficient Powers for under such Powers and Regulations, and in such Man- inclosing, dividing, and allotting the said Open Fields,

Welford In-dofure Bill, fomnutted.

ner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to thfe Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Henry

Thornton, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning rieXtj at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; ana have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open arid Cohimon Fields, Common Pastures, and Common Meadows, within such Part of the Parjlh of

Commons, and Waste Lands, in the said several Parishes or Places of Market Deeping, Deeping Saint James, West Deeping, Tallington, Langtoft, and Baston, or to bring in a separate Bill or Bills for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Sir Gilbert

cbte, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the.

as is within the County of Gloucester, was read a Second Horucastle Canal, ini the County of Lincoln, was presented Time. to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilber- passed, in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His force, Mr. Bur don, &c.: And they are to meet this Af- present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navi-ternOon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham- gable Canal from the River to or into the Town

ber. _ - " ' '

Homcastle Canal Petition.

Supply, d«-irrred.

Ways dnd Means, deferred.

of , in the County of Lincoln, and also for amending and rendering complete the navigable Communication between the said River Witham and the Canal, through the High in the City

of Lincoln, whereby the Petitioners, and others, were House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His united and incorporated by the Name of The Company.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Majesty

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna:, 10° die;

Anno 40 Georgii III. U Regis, 18 q-o.

Ivfcrket Deep in£, &c. I rich! u re Pcti-tim.

of Proprietors of the Horncastle Navigation, in the County of Lincoln, and were thereby empowered to make the said Navigation under the several Rules, Regulations; and Directions, contained in the said Act, and for that Purpose to subscribe amongst themselves a Sum not exceeding £. 15,000, but, if that Sum should pro^e in-sufficient; they were empowered to raise £.10,000, more by Mortgage of the Tolls and Duties granted by the ihid Act, and, in order to pay the Interest thereof, to impose and collect such Dues as therein mentioned, not exceeding Two Shillings per Ton, on such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, as should be carried up or down the said Navigation; and that the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, arid completed great Part of the said Works, and have expended the Whole of the Money they have raised amongst' themselves, or have been able to borrow on Mortgage of the Tolls arid Duties as aforesaid, and have incurred Prayers. sundry Debts, and very great Arrears of Interest are pay--

A PETIT JON of Sir John Trollope, Baronet, Sir able to the original Subscribers by virtue of the said Act,' Thomas Whichcote, Baronet; and of the several and also large Sums of Money to Proprietors of Estates, other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; for Lands cut and covered, by making the said Canal; Proprietors of Estates in the several Parishes and Places and that, to enable the Petitioners to finith the said Works, of Market Deeping, Deeping Saint James, West Deeping, and discharge the said Debts and Arrears of Interest, it' Tallington, Langtoft, and Baston, in the County of Lin- is requisite that they should be enabled to raise a further coin, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Sum of Money than by the said Act they are empowered forth, That there are, within the said Parishes and to do; and that for the said Purpose it is nCceflary to' Places, several Open, Commonable, and Waste Lands, increase the present Tolls, and the said Act also in fomri which, in their present State, are incapable of much Im- other Respects requires Amendment and Alteration: provement, but would be of considerable Advantage to And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to the Public, and the Proprietors, if the same were di- bring in a Bill to alter and amend the said Act, in such vided and inclosed, and allotted in Severalty, to the Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, Persons entitled to the fame; and that the Petitioners as to the House shall seem meet; are informed, that a Petition has been presented to the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the House for the draining, inclosing, and improving cer- Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-tain Fens and Open Low Lands in Deeping, Langtoft, mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Baston, Crowland, Cowbit, Spalding, and Pinchbeck, in the shall appear to them, to the House: said County, over which the Proprietors of Estates, in And it is referred to Mr. Tyner, Mr. Shaw Lefevre, the said several Parishes and Places of Market Deeping, &c.: And they are -to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Vot. 55. Nine

J

s

284 10° Mar tit. 1800.

1

Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Worthen In A Petition of the Right honourable Lloyd Lord

cloture and Kenyon, and the humble Petition of John Powell

titionT8 PC" an<3 William Clive, Esquires, Owners of certain Lands and Tenements within the Parish of Wor then, and County of Salop, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read} Setting forth. That there are several Commons and Tracts of Open Waste Land, belonging to the Petitioners, and others, within the said Parish, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Persons interested therein, if the same were divided-and inclosed, and specific Allotments thereof made to them, according to their respective Rights and Interests; and that there is an extensive Tract of Meadow and Pasture Land, belonging to the Petitioners, and others, situate between a certain Water called Mar ton on the

Confines of the Parish of , in the said County,

running through the said Parish of Worthen, to a. certain Bridge called Horse Bridge, on the Confines of the Parish of Westbury, in the said County, which, from its low and v flat Situation, is frequently overflowed and greatly injured by a certain Brook, called The Rea, and other Waters, running through the fame, and the said Lands might be considerably improved, if the Courses of the said Brook and other Waters were straitened, widened, and deepened, so as more speedily to carry off the fame, and if certain Banks and other Works were thrown up, and made over and upon the said Lands, to prevent the Inundation thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the said Purposes, in, such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Corrimittee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Richard Hill, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons Papers, and Records.

Maidon Bridge A petition of the Inhabitants and, Parishioners of the

Petition. several Parishes of All Saints and Saint Peter united, and Saint Mary, in the Town of Maldon, in the County of Essex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for; and on Ikhalf of themselves, and other the Inhabitants and Pa-rilhion^rs of the said several Parishes, was presented the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Town of Maldon is a County within itself, containing the said Three Parishes of All Saints, Saint Peter, and

apd that, through the said Parish of passes the

River Chelmer, over which hath been a Bridge Time immemorial for Carriages of every Description, but the said Bridge is become very ruinous and in great Decay, although several Sums of Money have been expended in repairing the fapae; and that the Petitioners, in confe-. quince of the apparent dangerous Situation of the said I^ricige, have lately caused it to be surveyed, 'in order that the res^l Situation thereof might be known, and the Expence of repairing or re-build|ng the same precisely ascertained, and find, from the Opinion of a Surveyor that it is impracticable to repair the said Bridge in a substantial;Manner j and that a Plan and Estimate have been, made for a new Bridge, the Expence whereof will amount to £. 1,172. iSj. 4 or thereabouts, which sum the Parishioners apd Inhabitants of the said several Parishes;are unable tOjraife among themselves, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; and that the Petitioners conceive the moll eligible and least oppreffive Mode of defraying the Expenpe of re-building the said Bridge will be by obtaining the Money necesiary.for that Purpose on Loan from: Individuals, and charging K

the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate within the said Three Parishes of All Saints, Saint Peter, and Saint Mary, in Maldon aforesaid, with Payment thereof within Ten Years from the passing of an Act for that Purpose, to be charged, raised, and levied on such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, by an equal Rate or Assessment, in Proportion to the Value of such Estates respectively; and that there is a great Thoroughfare over the said Bridge for all Manner of Car- - , riages, the same being situate in a Public Road, and there will be great Danger of its giving way when any Carriage heavy laden passes over, or if a Barge in passing under Should strike against it, whereby many Lives may be loft, and great Injury sustained, and it therefore is become absolutely necessary, for the Safety of the Public in general, that a new Bridge should be immediately erected, which Necessity did not arise until after the Time limited by the House for giving the Notices required by the Standing Orders relative to Bills for building Bridges: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for re-building the said Bridge, and that the Money necessary for that Purpose may be raised, levied, and repaid, by such Ways and Means as to the House shall seem meet, and that the Petitioners may be permitted forthwith to give the Notices required by the Standing Orders.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Strutt, Mr. Western, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Daniel Leech, of Islington, in the County Petition of of Middlesex, Gentleman, was presented to the House,

and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for better enabling dale Canal the Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal to BiJ1 raise Money for completing the said Canal, and to vary the Line of the said Canal, and to alter, explain, and amend the Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal; and Setting forth, That, if the same should pals into a Law in its present Form, the Rights and Interests of the Petitioner will be very materially injured: And therefore praying. That he may be heard, by his Counsel or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect his Rights and Interests, and that he may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel or Agents, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Message by Mr. Quanne, Yeoman Usher of the Royal Asse^ Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the! .

House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of

Peers,

The Lorite have agreed to

Brent Bridge Road Bill.

Toiulon Cart Petition.

t

40 Geo. III. . 10 0 Marti285.

Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Steward of His Majesty's Household, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Way of Annuities:

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on British and Foreign Spirits, and Tea:

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces, while on Shore:

An Act for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for draining and preferring certain Fen Lands in the " several Parishes of Money, Welney, Downham,

" Witcham, and in a certain extra-parochial Place in " Byal Fen, within the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge

An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, and in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, to the

Town of Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the said County:

An Act for more efi'eftually repairing, widening, and improving, the Roads from the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Narborough, and from the said Borough of Leicester to the Town of Earl Shilton, and from the said Town of Earl Shilton to the Town of Hinckley, in the said County.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spranger and Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, one made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from Brent Bridge, in the County of Devon, to Gajking Gate, in or near the Borough of Plymouth, in the said County; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that one of the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council af-lembled.

And then lie withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That the several licensed Carts in the City of London are subject to certain Regulations, made by the Magistrates of the said City, at their General Sessions of the Peace, under Authority of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend an Act, made in the You55 »

Eighteenth Year of his Reign, to prevent the Misbehaviour of the Drivers of Carts in the Streets in London,

Westminster, and the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and for other Purposes; and that the unlicensed Carts worked in the said City are not subject to the Provisions of the said Act, whereby great Inconveniences and Injuries are occasioned, which would be effectually removed, if the unlicensed Carts were subjected to Regulations in the same Manner as the said licensed Carts;

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for efteftuating the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter therehf; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to t\ie House:

And it is referred to Sir John William Anderson, Mr/

Lushington, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that one of the Sheriffs of London Small the City of London, attended at the Door, he was called ®ebM in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, ll n *

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That an Act was passed, in the Third Year of the Reign of King James the First, for the recovering of Small Debts, and for relieving the poor Debtors in London; and another Act was passed, in the Fourteeiith Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the said Act; and that the said Acts have been found defective and insufficient to answer the good Purposes thereby intended, and it is expedient that the Powers thereof should be explained, amended, and enlarged, and some further and other \ Provisions established, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the said City: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Curtis, the Lord Mayor of London, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed, that one of the Sheriffs of petition from the City of London attended at the Door, he was called the Corpora, in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, U°"

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Com- LondonDock , mons, of the City of London, in Common Council af- &c BJ1 sembled.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London; and Setting forth. That the Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the said City, by virtue of, and under, divers Charters recognized and confirmed by divers Acts of Parliament, have had and exercised, and ought and have accustomed themselves to have and exercise, the Office of Bailiff and Conservator of the Water of Thames, to be exercised and occupied by the Mayor of the same City, for the Time being,.

4 D during

A. 1800.

286 1 o° Martii.

during the Time of his Mayoralty, or ]my his sufficient Deputies, in, upon, and about, the Water of Thames (that is to say) from the Bridge of the Town of in the County of Middlesex, and, towards the East, unto London Bridge, and from thence to a certain Place called Kendal/, otherwise Yenlanotherwile towards

the Sea and East, and in Medway, and in the Port of the City of London aforesaid, and upon whatsoever Bank, and upon every Shore, and upon every Wharf, of the same Water of Thames, within the Limits and Bounds aforesaid, and in, upon, and about, all and every of them; and also for all the Time aforesaid have had and taken, and ought and have accustomed themselves to have and take, to their own proper Ule, by the Mayor of the same City, for the Time being, during the Time of his Mayoralty, or his sufficient Deputies, all Wages, Rewards, Fees, and Profits, belonging to the same Office of Bailiff; and that, if the said Bill should be passed into a Law as it now stands, the Rights and Privileges of the Petitioners would be invaded, and the Trade and Commerce of the said Port of London, where it has flourished for a great Length of Time, to the great Benefit and Advantage of the City of London and the Kingdom in general, would unnecessarily, and in a very material Degree, be removed from and out of the Controul, Superintendance, Care, and Protection, of the Petitioners; and that such Removal would not only be a Violation of the ancient Rights and Privileges of the Petitioners, but also be productive of the raoft ruinous and distressing Consequences to divers incorporated Societies and Companies, as well as to great Number of Individuals acting under the Authority of the Petitioners, and employed in carrying on the said Trade and Commerce; and that the livid Bill contains divers other Powers and Provisions, the Effect of which would be highly injurious to the Pe-tioners, and to many Persons concerned in the Trade and Commerce of the said City and Port of London: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by - their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against such Parts

of the said Bill as may be prejudicial to their Rights, Privileges, and Interests, or otherwise affect them, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now stands, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Word (committed) to the End of the Question.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out, stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas were directed to go forth.

TeU.tsforth.yea

T.ll-for.h.N«!^he^r^, J J2.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put j

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Petition of A Petition of the Governor and Company of the S°shadweifJC' Water Works and Water Houses, in Shadwell, was pre-WaterWork , fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the against Petitioners are the Proprietors of certain WaterWorks

,n' and Water Houses established in the Parish of Saint

Paul Shadwell, in the County of which have been carried on under the Authority of an Act, made in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of King Wil-Jiam and Queen Mary to the present Time, and the said 7

Parish, and several other neighbouring Parishes, have been supplied with Water from the said Works by Means of Engines, Pipes, and Cifferns, erected and laid for the Passage and Conveyance of Water, to the great Accommodation of the Inhabitants in the said Parishes, and at the great Expence and Rilk of the Petitioners and their Predecessors; and that the said Works have been found to be of great Public Utility, and upon the Success of them depends the Health and Comfort of many Thousands of the Inhabitants of the Neighbourhood; and that the Petitioners are informed, by the Votes of the House, that a Bill is now pending for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and so forth, and for other Purposes. in the said Parish „of Shadwe'.l, and other Parishes adjoining thereto, and, if the same should pass into a Law, the Petitioners will be very much injured in their Property, their Works destroyed, and the Inhabitants in the Neighbourhood deprived of their Comforts, and put to the greatest Inconvenience: And therefore praying.

That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Word (committed,) to the End of the Question.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out, stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Paul Benfield, of IVimpoIe Street, in the Mr. Benfield' Pari 111 of Saint Mary-le-Bone, in the County of Middle- > utlon *

sex, Esquire, on Behalf of himself, and the Trustees for the Sale of his Estates, in the Counties of Hertford and Dorset, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioner being seised of, or entitled to, certain Estates in the Counties of Hertford and Dorset, subject to certain Incumbrances thereupon, particularly to certain Debts due and owing, by the Petitioner, to His Majesty, hath conveyed the same to Trustees, in Trust, to sell the same, and to apply the Money, arising from the Sale thereof, in Discharge of the said Incumbrances; and that, by reason that all the said Estates, or the Equity of Redemption thereof are or is liable to the Payment of the said Debts to His feid Majesty, a good Title thereto cannot be made, and thereby the Sale of the said Estates is impeded, to the great Detriment of the Public, and the Creditors of the Petitioner: And therefore prayirtg. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for facilitating the Sale of the Estates of the Petitioner in the Counties of Hertford and Dorset.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for Mutiny Bit), the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, co, nimtted was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

-The'

Committee on Bank Agreement Bill.

National Debt Bill, passed.

Bill for granting Bounties on Importation of Wheat, &c. presented.

Bill to encourage the Culture of Potatoes, presented.

Swedish Herrings Bill, pre-. kilted.

Bill respecting Starch, pie-knicd.

committed.

Poringbnd, «\c. Inclosure Petition.

40 Geo. III. 10° Ma 287

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing the Sum of Three Millions, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directedliim to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. '

a

The Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two Hundred Thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two Hundred Thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of , to

be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Hawkesbury presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting Bounties on the Importation of Wheat, Wheaten Flour, and Rice, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Lord ? Jawkefhurypresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to encourage the Cultivation of Potatoes on Waste Lands, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Lord Hawkesbury presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to permit, for a Time to be limited, the Importation of Swedish Herrings into Great Britain: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Lord Hawkesbury presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Use of Wheat in making Starch: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill bo committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the Parishes of East Poringland, West Poringland, Framingham Earl, Framingham Pigot, Bixley Stoke Holy

Vojl. 55.

Cross, and Caister Saint Edmund, in the County of Norfolk, to which are appendant or appurtenant Rights of Common over and upon the Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Parishes, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Pa-riflies, certain Commons arid Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, yield but little Profit, and it would be greatly advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the Rights of Common to which the same are subject were extinguished, and if the said Commons and Waste Grounds were divided, and specific Parts and Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposts above mentioned, under such Regulations and Redactions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. J ft ley, Mr. Buxton, Mr. Jo dr ell, and Sit Marlin Browne Folkes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Trustees of the British Mifeum, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by; His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been intormed of the Contents of the said Pe-tion, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Trustees represented to Parliament that the Sum allowed them for the Establishment and Support of the said Museum, was reduced to a Capital of £. 30,000, Reduced Bank Annuities, the Dividend of which, amounting to £. 900, was, notwithstanding their utmost Attention to the forming their Establishment with Frugality, greatly insufficient for that Purpose; upon which Representation they have, at sundry Times, obtained from the House various Sums, to supply the Deficiency of their Income, which Sums, together with the Salary allotted t<o the King's Librarian, Yearly amounting to about £. 250, have proved insufficient to defray the necessary Expences of the said Museum, and what now remains in the Hands of the Trustees is not sufficient to carry on the Purposes of the Trust, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to grant them such further Support, towards enabling them to carry on the Execution of the Trust reposed in them by Parliament, for the general Benefit of Learning and useful Knowledge, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Cantley and Haftingham, in the County of Norfolk, and for draining and preserving the fame, and also certain Marsh Lands, within the said Parishes, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Cantley and Haftingham, in the County of Norfolk, and for draining and preserving the fame, and also certain Marsh Lands, within the said Parishes.

Ordered, That Mr. Aflley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of John Daintree, on Behalf of himself and others, interested in the Open and Common Fields and Waste Grounds within the Parish of in the County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands belonging to the Petitioner and the other Proprietors of the said Open and Common Fields and Waste Grounds lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are in general incct.ve-niently situated, so as to render the Cultivation thereof

difficult

British Mm-fettm Trutices Peii.ion.

Cantley, See.

Inclcfure and Drainage Dill, puffed.

Connington Inclosure Petition.

Gu'Men Mor-dti> Division ana Allotment Petition.

Langley Tn-cloiurc Bill, passed.

Thorne Tnelo-fore Bill, pallid.

Laroche' Nat. Petition.

Bury, kc KoadsPetition.

288 lo° Mar til. A. 1800.

difficult and expensive to the respective Proprietors, Town of and also the Road from

their Tenants, or Occupiers, and, in their present State, aforesaid, through Church and to

are incapable of much Improvement, but it would tend and for making a Road from the said Road between greatly to the Advantage of the said several Proprietors Bury and , in the Township of to

if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts the River and for building a Bridge over the said

allotted to them: And therefore praying. That Leave River, all in the County Palatine of , as relates

may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes. to the Second District of Road by that Act intended to

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- be amended, widened, turned, varied, altered, and kept Tuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. in Repair, was presented to the House, and read; Set-Churk's Yorke and General Adeane do prepare, and bring ting forth, That a considerable Progress hath been made in, the fame. in putting the said Act in Execution, with regard to

the said Second District of Road, and a large Sum of A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Money, borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls arising the reunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, within such District, remains duej and that the said interested in the Open and Common Fields, and Wade Act, so far as the same relates to the said Second District Grounds, within the Parish of Guilden Morden, in the of Road, is, in many Respects, defective and insufficient;

County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and and that the said Debt cannot be paid off, nor can the read; Setting forth. That the Lands belonging to the same District of Road be effectually amended, widened.

Petitioners, and the other Proprietors of the said Open and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be and Common Fields, and Waste Grounds, lie intermixed continued, and the Powers thereof varied, altered, and and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, in general, incon- enlarged, with respect to that District; and that the veniently situated, so as to render the Cultivation thereof making of a Road from and out of the said Second Dif-ditncult and expensive to the respective Proprietors, their tridt, at or near a certain Place called Fearns, in Tenants or Occupiers, and, in their present State, are den B, to the East End of a Barn, the Property, and incapable of much Improvement, but it would tend in the Possession, of Mr. Richard situate at

greatly to the Advantage of the said several Proprietors, Edge-fide, in the same Booth, and in the Parish of if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts ley aforesaid, will not only be very advantageous to the allotted to them: And therefore praying. That Leave Public, but will considerably increase the Tolls on may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes. the said Second District; and that the Trustees for the

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- Turnpike Road, leading from to in the

suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. said County of have in Contemplation a Di-

Charles Yorke and General Adeane do prepare, and bring version of their said Road, within the Township of in, the fame. land, in the said County of a Communication

with which projected Diversion, from and out of the said An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Second District, at or near a certain Place called Robert's the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Mill, within Bacup Booth, in the Parish of afore -

Langley, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third said, will be more commodious than the circuitous Time. Road which is now travelled, and will materially benefit

Re/o/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title the Revenue of that District: And therefore praying, be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for con-Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of tinuing the Term, and altering and enlarg ng the Powers,

Langley, in the County of Norfolk. of the said Act, so far as relates to the said Second Dif-

Ordered, That Mr. AJlley do carry the Bill to the tridt, and for making and maintaining the said Two Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Pieces of Road.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall ap-Thorpe, next Norwich, in the County of Norfolk, and in pear to them, to the House: the County of the City of Norwich,.was read the Third And it is referred to Mr. Stanley, Mr. Blackkurne of Time. Lancashire, &c.: And they ate to meet Tomorrow

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Morning, at Nine of the dock, in the Speaker's Cham-be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the berj and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Records.

Thorpe, next Norwich, in the County of Norfolk, and in

the County of the City of Norwich. Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom Qnit Bo]ton>

Ordered, That Mr. Aflley do carry the Bill to the the Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Koa.u Pc-Lords, and desire their Concurrence. within the several Townships of Great Bolton, ^j'on'rep rt'

WefhoughHind/ey, Abram, luce, and both in A Petition of Michael Laroche, was presented to the Mackerfield, in the several Parishcs of Bolton in the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to floors. Dean, Wigan, and all in the County

bring in a Bill for his Naturalization. Palatine of Lancaster, was referred; That the Commit-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac- tee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders cording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been com-John William Anderson and Mr. Peachy do prepare, and plied with} and that the Committee had examined the bring in, the fame. Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to re-

port the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de-thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing so livered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was much of an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the read; and is as followeth;

Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening. To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. turning, varying, altering, and keeping in Repair, the John Stonor, being examined, said, That the Road lead-Road from a certain Dwelling House, in Bury, now or ing from the South End of the Moor Lane, in the late in the Occupation of William Walker, Gentleman, to Township of Great Bolton, into the Turnpike Road from Hafingden, and from thence to the East End of Salford Manchester to Wigan, at or near Wcfi bought on Chapel, and Bridge, in Blackburn, and also the Road from Hafingden also the Road leading out of the said Turnpike Road at aforesaid, to the East End of Cock/hut Bridge, in the the Four Lane Ends in Hindiey, by , into the

Turnpike

Marple and Stockpoit Road Petition.

leatherhead Road Petition, reported.

40 Geo. III. 10° Maftiu 280

Turnpike Road from Wigan to ,in the Township of AJJiton, are both very much out of Repair, nar-

row, and incommodious, and cannot be properly amend ed, widened, and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of I aw; and that Part of the said last mentioned Road is now only a Bridle Road: — And the Witness further said. That the making the said Roads Turnpike, under Two separate Trulls, would be a great Accommodation to the Neighbourhood and all Persons having Occassion to travel the said several Roads.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the South End of the Moor , in the Township of Great Bolton, into the Turnpike Road from Manchester to , near

Chapel, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And that Mr. Stanley and Mr. Blackburne of Lattcashire do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, Widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading out of tlfe Turnpike Road from Manchester to Wigan, at the Four Lane Ends in Hindley, by Bamferlong, into the Turnpike Road from Wigan to Ashton, in the Township of Ashton in Mackerfield, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And that Mr. Stanley and Mr. Blackburne of Lancdjlure do prepare and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands, Merchants-, Manufacturers, and Residents,'in the several Townships of Marple, Offartou, and S, in the County of

Chester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from Marple the County of Chester, to the Market Town of Stockport, in the said County, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in marly Places, and incommodious to Travellers, and it would be a great Benefit and Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of Public Utility, if the said Road were effectually made, amended, widened, turned, altered, and kept in Repair: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nineof the Clock, in the Speaker'sGhamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir John Frederick reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-firit Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Swan Inn at Leatherhead, to the May Pole at the upper End of Spital or Somerset Street, in the Parish of Stoke, near the Town

of Guldeford, in the County of Surrey, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Thomas Hart, being examined, said. That the Trustees appointed by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded to put the same in Execution, for which Purpose they have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money Vo 1, 55.

on the Credit thereof, which still remain due, and tan-not be repaid, nor can the said Road be properly amended, improved and kept in Repair unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be further continued and enlarged: — And the Witness further said. That the present Tolls are found insufficient, and that it is therefore expedient that the same should be repealed; and other Tolls granted ihstead thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term; and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Swan Inn at Leatherhead to the May Pole at the upper End of Spital or Somerset £/r«/ in the Parish of Stoke, near; the Town of Guldeford, in the County of Surrey: And that Sir John Frederick and Lord William RuJJ'ell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

y _ -

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names asse thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others; Owners of Estates in the Parish of , in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open Common Fields, Common Downs and other Commons and Waste Grounds, which lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, are inconveniently situated for the Purpose of Cultivation, and it Would be a great Benefit to the several Persons interested therein if the same were divided and allotted amongst the several Parties interested, according to their respective Rights and Interests, and such Allotments inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill; pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Frederick and Lord William do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Gentlemen and other Inhabitants of the Parishes of Wandsworth, Battersea, and Wimbledon, in the County of Surrey, was prelehted to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the several Roads leading from WandJ'worth to Sir eat ham. Tooting, and Wimbledon, in the said County, and from Wandf-

worth to Battersea, and over a certain Field in the said Parish of Battersea leading to a Place called Nine Elms, also in the said Parish of Battersea, are in a very ruinous Condition, and the Petitioners find that the said Roads cannot be amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, 'fhat Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think just and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Sir John Frederick, Lord William RuJJ'ell, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Jacob Earl of Radnor, Recorder of the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said City, and the Close thereof, exercise an exempt Jurisdiction from the said County, and ttad an ancient Gaol within the same, for the Confinement of Felons Debtors, and other Prisoners, of the said City, and oA

4E the

Fetcham Inclosiirfc Petition,

Wandsworth and Batterlca Roads Petition.

New Sarum Gaol Petition *

Accounts of Conls exported from Newcastle, Sunderland, Ice. ordered.

Report on Tetbury, &t. Roads Petition, re-committed.

Thorr.e, Hatfield, &c. Inclosure and Drainage Petition.

£.90 iob Martiu . 1800.

the Close thereof; and that the said Gaol was, by the Authority of Parliament, a few Years finee, taken down, and -another was intended to be erected in its Stead, but it being considered as more eligible that the said Prisoners should in future be confined in the County Gaol of FiJJierton Anger, adjoining to the said City, which is large and commodious, the Magistrates for the' said City have offered a Compensation, and have entered into an Agreement with the Magistrates of the said County, which -has been approved and confirmed at the Four last several Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County, forgiving to the said exempt Jurisdiction a Power of confining, in the -said County Gaol, FelonS, Debtors, and other Prisoners, from the said exempt Ju-rifdkftion: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the.laid Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof> and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr] HMr. of New Sarttm, &c.: And they are to.meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Coals exported from the Port of Nezvcafile, since the Year 1790; distinguishing

each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Coals exported from the Port of Sunderland, fines the Year 1790; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Coals exported from the Port of Hartley, since the Year 1790; distinguishing each Year. '

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Coals exported from the Port of Blythe, since the Year 1790; distinguishing each Year.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon the Twenty-seventh Day of February last, was made

from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several

✓ . 7

of the Trustees, appointed to put in Execution Two Acts, passed in the Thrrty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads in the County of Gloucester, and of other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly j

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred.

A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the several Townships of Thorne, Hatfield, Stainforth, Fifitlake, and in

the several Parishes of Thorne, Hatfield, and in

the Manor of Haitefeld, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Townships, Parishes, and Manor, several Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Ings, Moors, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which lie intermixed- and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present State, are incapable of being properly cultivated and improved, but, if divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the several Persons interested therein, the same would be considera-tly improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may a

be given to bring in a Sill, for dividing, allotting, draining, improving, embanking, and inclosing, the said several Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Ings, Moors, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Henry Lascelles and Mr. W do prepare and

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Proprietors of the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, within the Townships of Riplinghant and Weeton, in the Parish of Rowley, in the East Riding of the County of York, there are certain Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which are computed to contain in the Whole about 3,000 Acres; and that the lame, in their present Situation, are capable of very little Improvement, but, if inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, a considerable Benefit would accrue to them and to the Public in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes above mentioned, subject to such Regulations as the House Hull think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Henry Lascelles and Mr. W do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Proprietors of the Open Fields, Ings, Carrs, Commons, and Waste Grounds, herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, within the Township and Parish of North Frodingham, in the East Riding of the County of York, there are certain Open Fields, Ings, Carrs, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which are computed to contain rn the Whole about 2,400 Acres, and that the fame, in their present Situation, are capable of very little Improvement, but, if inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, a considerable Benefit would accrue to them, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes above mentioned, subject to such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Henry Lascelles and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred.

Mr. Henry Lascelles accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure and Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Keen, being examined, said. That there are, within the Manor of Forebridge, and within the Parish of Castle Church, in the County of Stafford, several Commons, Marsh, Meadow, and Waste Lands, whereon the Petitioners, as Owners of Estates within the Liberty of Burton and Rickarfcote, in the said Manor, have Right of Common, and also several Open Fields in which are divers Pieces or Parcels of Land, the Property of the Petitioners and others. Part of which said Common Fields, Marsh, Meadow, and Waste Lands, and certain

other

Riplingham &c. inclosufifc. ' Petition *

North Frodingham In-f loture Petition.

Forebridge, &c.-Inclosur and Drainage Petition, re., ported.

40 Geo. III. iod Martiu

other Low Lands and Grounds, In the said Parish of Castle Church., and the adjoining Parishes, Townsh'ips, and Places of Berkfwich Saint Mary and Saint in the said County, the Property of the Petitioners and others, are subject to be overflowed, and otherwise annoyed by Water, and on that Account yield but little Profit to the Persons interested therein, And which said Common Fields, Marsh, Meadow, and Waste Lands, are, in their present State, incapable of any confidefable Improvement, but might be of great Benefit hnd vantage to the several Persons interested therein, and of Public Utility, if the same were divided and allotted in specific Shares among the Owners and Proprietors thereof, according to their respective Rights arid Interests 'therein, and such Allotments inclosed; And if Part of the said Common Fields and Waste Lands, and such other Low Lands and Grounds in the said Parish of Castle Church, and in Befkfwich Saint , in,

and Saint Thomas aforesaid, were well and sufficiently embanked and drained, the same would be very much 1 improved.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing,- the Common Fields, Marsh, Meadow, and Waste Lartds, in the Manor of Fcrebridge, and in the Parish of Castle , in the County of Stafford, and for embanking and draining Part of the said Corhmon Fields, Marsh, Meadow, and Waste Lands, and certain other Low Lands hnd Grounds in the said Parish of Castle and in the

adjoining Parishes, Townships, and Places, of Sow Saint Thomas, otherwise Saint Thomas upon Sozv, Colon, Berkfwich, and Saint Mary, in Stafford, in the said County of Stafford: And that Mr. Henry Ldjcelles and Lord Granville Levejon Gower 'do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

£gbrtnigii>&c. Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, accord-presented B, U n§ to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Wastes, in the Vills or Hamlets of High Low

Egbrough, Sherwood, Hutgreeh, and Tranmoor, in the Parish of Kellington, in the West Riding of the County of York: Arid the same was received; arid read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

lower Comp- A Bill for repealing Two Acts, one made in the «m and Yeo- Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Se-i'ui,^commit- cond, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of the d. Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road

From the Half-way House, in the Parish of Lower Compton, in the County of Dorset, through the Towns of Yeovil, Crewkerne, and Chard, to the East End of the Town of Axminster, in the County of Devon, and several other Roads therein mentioned; and also for repealing . so much of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the-Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, as relates to repairing the Road from the Direction Post in Widco , through Street Ash Lane, to Chard, and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes, and for altering arid diverting certain Parts of the said Roads, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -Jon, Mr. John Fane, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Uuddmfitli A Bill for enabling the Huddersfield Canal Company Sn^itwd' to and complete the Huddersfield Canal, and for amending the Ad, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Huddersfield Canal, Was read a Second Time.

Voi,. 55.

Resolved, That the Bill be Committed to Mr. Wilber-fo/rce, Mr. Henry Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of thenClock, in the Speaker's Chamber. . , _

1

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Pontefraa and thereunto subscribed,' being Proprietors and Inhabitants ^r n(hj!^av" of the several Townships of Pontejrail arid Tanfhelf, in ^Pernion^' the West Riding of the County of York, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to thd Hdufe, 'and read; Setting forth, That the said Towns w'ohld be greatly improved if properi Powers were obtained for paving, lighting, and cleansing, the lame, for removing Annoyances in the Streets andtHighWifys, And 'for better sup-plyiqg the same with Water j,‘and that it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the said Towns, and of Public Utility, if a Railway'Or Waggon Way,'with proper Cotiveniencies,' were constructed for the Carriage of Goods betwixt the said Towns and the Navigable 'River Air, at Or near Ferrybridge i And therefore praying, That Leave may bfe'giyeh to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes above mentioned; . , . ‘

Ordered, That the said Petition' be referred to the Consideration of a Committed t Arid that they do examine the Matter thereof}' and report the fame, as k shall appear to them; to the House: "

And it is referred to Mt.' Wilberforce, Mr celles, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber} and have Power to'fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of John Lohley, late of Coltingley, and now Petition of of the City of York, Gentleman, was presented to the respeaing^ House, and read } Taking Notice of the Bill for better Rochdale c»-enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale ni1 Bl11 Canal, to raise Money for completing the said Canal, and to vary the Line of the said Canal.'Jand to alter, explain, and amend, the Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, fqr making the said Canal} and Setting forth. That the Company of Proprietors, acting under she said former Act, hive cut, and taken to their own Use, in making the Works of the said Canal, a Quantity of valuable Ground, Part of an Estate called May the

Property of the Petitioner, situate in in the

Parish of Halifax, without making the Petitioner any Compensation for the fame, or even ascertaining, since the said Works were made, the Quantum of Damage occasioned thereby} and that, from the peculiar Cic-cumstances of his Cafe, the Petitioner apprehends he has no certain legal Remedy against the said Company for such Damages, under the Provisions of the said subsisting Act: And therefore praying. That the said depending Bill may not be suffered' to pass into a Law, without due Provision being made for his Redress in the Premises, and that he may be heard by himself or his Counsel thereon.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Right honourable Hugh Earl of Saitcoat Har-Eglinton, and of Alexander Montgomerie, Esquire, of bour Annuck, One of1 the Trustees appointed by an Act, passed in the Thirty-feverith Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging, deepening, improving, and maintaining, the Harbour of Saltcoats, in the County of Ayr, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Harbour is lufceptible of great Improvement, both by enlarging and deepening thereof, and by the Erection of proper Docks, Piers, Wharfs, rind Quays, but the Powers given by the said Act are-insufficient for the due Improvement of the said Harbour, and the said Act further requires to be altered, explained, and amended, in several Particulars: And therefore praying, That Leave may be, given to bring in

a Bill

LeominfUr Canal Petition.

Humber Pilots, &c. Bill, reported.

£93

I o° — u° Martil

A. 1800,

a Bill for altering, explaining, and amending, the said Act, and for giving additional Powers in regard to the enlarging, deepening, improving, and maintaining, the said Harbour of Saltcoats.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fw Mr. &c. t

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; ancLhave Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Retords.

was Twice read) and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Ingrafted.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Leominster Canal Navigation, wider their Common Seal, was prdented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was passed, in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from Kington, in the County of Hereford, by or through Leominster, to join the River,

near Stourpbri Bridge, in the County of Worcester; and another Act was puffed, in the Thirty-sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Leominster Canal Navigation to finish and complete the same; and that the said Company of Proprietors have, in pursuance Of the said Acts, made and completed a considerable Part of the said Canal, and erected Locks, Aqueducts, Bridges, and other Works, authorized and empowered to be made by the first recited Act; and that the said Company of Proprietors were, by the Act of the Thirty-first of His present Majesty, empowered to raise the Sum of f. 130,000, but they have been only able to raise the Sum of ,£.68,582, and which has proved very inadequate to complete the Works of the said Canal, hitherto finished, and the Proprietors have thereby in curred a Debt to sundry Persons, to the Amount of £. 25,000, and which Sum is due and owing from the said Company; and that a great Part of the said Canal still remains unfinished, and cannot be completed without a further additional Sum of Money, over and above the Sum of £. 25,000, so wanted to pay the Debts before stated: And therefore praying, That Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill to enable them to raise a further Sum of Money, to pay their Debts, and complete the said Canal, subject to such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to MrT Martin, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Su^iy, <jt. next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole foitd-House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Ways anti next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the e,ru ' Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 11° die Martii;

Anno 46 (Georgii III 11 Regis, 18004

Pray BR9.

L

ORD Granville Leveson Gower presented to the Forebtfdgt,

House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, IwcUur#

allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Marsh, Btil.^efcnSk

Meadow, and Waste Lands, in the Manor of Forebridge, and in the Parish of Ca/i/e Church, in the County of Stafford, and for Embanking and draining Part of the said Common Fields, Marsh, Meadow, and Waste Lands, and certain other Low Lands and Grounds, in the said Parish of Castle Church, and in the adjoining Parishes, Townships, and Places, of Sow Saint Thomas, otherwise Saitti Thomas upon Sow, Coton, and

Saint Mary, in Stafford, in the said County of Stafford; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Samuel Thornton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Appointment and Regulation of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels into and out of the Port of Kingston upon Hull, and for ascertaining the Salvage for Anchors, Cables, and other Ships' Materials, found in the River Humber, and for the better ascertaining the Tonnage of Ballast Lighters employed at the said Port, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were , Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon', were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the / Bill, for indemnifying the Harbour of Great from any Da-

mage to be fuftiined by the Act; And the said Clause

Mr. Charles Yorke reported from the Committee, t6 Ramsey, &c. whom the Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Drainage Ptti-Lands and Grounds lying within the Parish of Ramsey, Uon' iepon,‘ in the County of Huntingdon, and in the Parishes, Townships, or Hamlets, of Doddington, Benwick, and Chatteris, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, os it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in h& Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for embanking, draining,

* and preferring, certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds " in the Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon,

" and in the Parishes of Doddington, March, Benwick,

" Wimblington, and Chatteris, within the Isle of Ely, in

* the County of Cambridge, and for amending the Road " from a certain Bridge in the Parish of Chatteris aforesaid, called Carter's Bridge, by a Drain called Fermny- dens, or the Forty Feet Drain, to a Bridge called The " Forty Feet Bridge, in the said parish of was

read; whereby it appeared. That the said Lands and Grounds are divided into Two separate Districts or Divisions, with respect to the Repairing, and keeping in Repair, the several Outward Banks therein particularly described, and are therein called by the N^me *

of

Mb

ba Bi

tat

Aberdeen Street Bill, reported.

Bortov ft own-ness Hoad Petition, reported *

11° Martii.

91

40 GeO. Ill,

of the Upper DistriEl or Divifand the Lower Dif-

triSl or Division, and separate Commissioners are appointed for embanking the said Upper or Division

whh Power to afiel's and rate all the Lands and Grounds, being Private Property, within that District, except such as in the said Act are excepted, in any Yearly Sums of Money, not exceeding in any -One Year, except the First after passing of the Act, One Shilling per Acre, to defray the Expence of embanking: Then,

Mr. William Flowers, being examined, said, That the Commissioners have proceeded in the Execution of the Powers vested in them, and have caused the Banks of the said Upper DiflriSi to be repaired from Time to Time at a considerable Expence; and that the Money authorized to be raised, having been found insufficient for that Purpose, they have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Rates and Taxes which Hill remains due And the Witness, being further examined, said. That the Banks are become of late greatly decayed, and that it is necessary an additional Tax should be laid on the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, to enable the Commissioners to repair the fame, and pay off the Money borrowed: — And the Witness added. That some Alterations and Amendments should be made in the Act, so far as relates to the Embanking the said Upper DiflriSl or

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and making more effectual an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

- for embanking, draining, and preserving, certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon, and in the Parishes of Doddington, March, Benwick, , and

within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and for amending the Road from a certain Bridge, in the Pa-jifh of Chatteris aforesaid, called Carter's Bridge, by a Drain called Vermuydens, or the Forty Feet Drain, to a Bridge called the Forty Feet Bridge, in the said Parish of Ramsey, as far as relates to embanking the Lands therein described, called by the Name of the Upper District or Division: And that Mr. Charles Yorke, Mr. Fellcrwes, and Lord Frederick Montagu, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Allardyce reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for opening and making Two new Streets in the City of Aberdeen, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Elizabeth Fleming, Widow, Margaret and Jean Fleming, Spinsters, all redding in Aberdeen; and also, the Petition of the Subscribers, Proprietors of Houses, Tenements, and Ground, within the City of Aberdeen; and also, the Petition of the Subscribers, Proprietors of Houses, Tenements, and Grounds, within the City of Aberdeen; and also, the Petition of Elizabeth Fleming, Widow, Margaret and Jean Fleming, Spin-ilers, all residing in Aberdeen, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the first-mentioned Petition, and had heard Counsel in Support of the other Petitions, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the AJlegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Mr. Hope reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereto subscribed, Trustees for repairing and widening the Road from Borrowflownness, by the Borough of Linlithgow,

Vox.. 55.

and by the Towns of Torphichen Bathgate, and White-bum, to the Confines of the County of Linlithgow, at or near Hollkoujebnrn, was referred y That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, so far as respects the Notice to be given at th 0 Michaelmas Sessions; but that the Notices directed to be inserted in some One Newspaper circulated in the County, were inserted in the Caledonian Mercury, of 5th September 1799, Edinburgh Evening Csurant, of 5th September 1799, and Edinburgh Advertizcr, of 6th September 1799; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the! same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove, the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Port of Borrowflownness, by the Well of the Borough of Linlithgow, and by the Towns of 1Torphichen, Bathgate, and Whiteburn, and from thence Southward to the Confines of the County of Linlithgow, at or near Hollhouseburn, was read: — And,

Sir William Cuninghame, Baronet, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and sundry Sums of Money have been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which have been applied in making and repairing the said Road and Bridges directed to be made thereon, and carrying the Purposes of the said Act into Execution, but the said Road and Bridges cannot be completely repaired, or kept in Repair, or the Money so borrowed, with the Interest thereof, repaid, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, the Tolls varied, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted that Notices may be given Three Times in some One Newspaper, to be printed or circulated in the County of Linlithgow, in the present Month of or in the

Month of April next, of the Application to Parliament for the Purposes Hated in the said Report.

Mr, Peachy reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Gideon Bickerdike, of Piccadilly, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Culmington, in the County of Salop, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates within the Townships of Seif ton, Bache, and Norton, in the Parish of Culmington, in the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that all the Notices required by the Standing Orders, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had not been given within the Time limited for that Purpose, the Parties not having been apprized that the Application (which being only to confirm an Agreement, and not for a new Inclosure) came within the said Standing Orders till the latter End of the Month of September; but that, immediately on being acquainted therewith, Notices were affixed upon the Church Doors on the Three following Sundays, videlicet, the 29th of September, and the 6th and 13th of October lasty and that all the Parties concerned in the Application are consenting thereto; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Adams, being examined, said, That, in or about the Year 1788, the several Owners of Estates, within the Townships of Seif ton, Bache, and Norton, entered

4 F into

Petition for confirming an Agreement for Session, &c. Inclosure, reported *

294

i i

MartiL

A, 1800;

S.lhouse Tn-closure Bill, pilVuJ.

into an Agreement to divide, allot, and inclose, a certai'n Common or Parcel of Waste Land called Seif ton containing 583 Acres, or thereabouts, situate partly within the Township of Seif ton, and partly in the Townships of Bache and Norton, and the same was divided and al-

lotted accordingly among the several Persons interested therein, who took Possession of, and inclosed their several Allotments: That the said Agreement was never properly executed by the several Parties interested, but the Terms thereof were strictly enforced and accepted by each of them: — And the Witness, being further examined, said. That the several Persons, who are in present Possession of the Lands and Estates for which such Allotments had been let out as aforesaid, being desirous of completing the Agreement so neglected to be executed, have lately executed a proper Agreement, conformable in every Respect to the former One, which ha,s been ligned by all the Owners of Lands and Estates within the said Townships having any interest upon the Waste Lands so inclosed, but that the same cannot be made effectual without the Authority of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for confirming and establishing the Division and Inclosure of a certain Common, or Parcel of Waste Land, called Session Forefi, otherwise The Long , within the

Townships of Session, Bache, and , in the Parish

of Culm in ton, in the County of Salop, and certain Exchanges of Lands and Estates within the said Parish: And that Mr. Peachy and Sir John William Anderson do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Sal-koife, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 24. 1. 14. After " Surveyor" to insert " and " Trustees for the Poor, in respect of any Allotment to be " made to them as Trustees."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House j and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Sal-house, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Afiley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Cawfton in- Mr. Afiley reported from the Committee, to whom cioture Bill, Bin dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Warren Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Cawfion, in the County of was

committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 121 Acres of Land and 28 Messuages, who either refused to lign the Bill, or were neuter in respect thereto, and that the Whole of tire Lands intended to be inclosed conlifts of 3,382 Acres, and there are 140 Messuages, and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had -directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

6

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Afiley reported from the Committee, to whom Ludhim in the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of tition, report-divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, within tJ the Parish of Ludham, in the County of Norfolk, to which are appendant, or appurtenant Rights of Common over and upon the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure and Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Blake, Junior, being examined, said, That there are, within the said Parish, sundry Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and that the said Open Fields are inconveniently situated for the respective Owners and Proprietors thereof, and the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, are frequently overflowed with Water, and, in their present State and Condition, yield but little Profit, and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the Rights of Common, and other Rights at present existing over the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, were extinguished, and if the said Open Fields, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, were divided, and specific Parts or Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, and if such Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, were drained.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving, the Open Fields, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Ludham, in the County of Norfolk:

And that Mr. Afiley and Mr. Buxton do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill for amending the several Acts passed for mak- Manchester ing, extending, finishing, and completing the Canal Navigation from Mane he ster to or near Ashton under Lyne Canal Bin, and Oldham, and the several Cuts and other Works au commiued-

thorized to be made and done by the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal Navigation, and for granting to the said Company further and other Powers, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanley,

Mr. Blackburne of Lancafidre ,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the Wrexham »n<f Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, commMud.' and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of in the County of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the County of Flint, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanley,

Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire, See.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir John William Anderson presented to the House, Laroche' H»t. according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Michael 1

ruche: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Account of British Mu-him, ordered.

AshbvWouMs

inclosure Bill, commuted.

SkeTtnanthorpe Inclol'ure BilJ fled.

PootReRef Bui, pr dented.

Papers respecting the high Price of Copper, ordered.

Newgate Debt-ota Petition.

40 Geo. III. 11° Martii. 295

Ordered, That there be laid befoi e this House, an The House was moved. That an Act, made in the committee Account of the several Sums that have been already Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, granted for the Service of the British Museum, and of intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into nerai HigU-the Expenditure thereof. " One Act of Parliament, the Statutes now in being, for 'YT,&e *

" the Amendment and Preserv&ion of the Public High - '

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com- " ways within that Part of Great Britain called mon or Waste Ground called Ashby IVoulds, in the Manor " and for other Purposes," might be read, and Parish of Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the County of Lei- And the same was read accordingly. cejier, was read a Second Time. The House was also moved, That an Act, made ih

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edmund the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-Cradock Hartopp, Sir John Mordaunt, &c.: And they are jesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectually re-

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the u pairing of such Parts of the Highways of this Kingdom Speaker's Chamber. " as are to be repaired by Two Parishes," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

An ingossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, _ The House was also moved. That another Act, made the several Parcels of Common, Moor, and Waste Ground, in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present within the Manor of Skelmanthorpe, in the West Riding Majesty, intituled, "An Act for vary ing some of the Proof the County of York, was read the Third Time. " visions in an Act of the Thirteenth Year of His pre-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title " sent Majesty's Reign, respecting the Public Highways be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the " within that Part of Great Britain called England, several Parcels of Common, Moor, and Waste Ground, " which relate to the Performance of Statute Duty," within the Manor of Skelmanthorpe, in the West Rid- might be read, ing of the County of York. And the same was read accordingly *

Ordered, That Mr. Beaumont do carry' the Bill to the The House was also moved, That an Act, made in Lords, and desire their Concurrence. the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and re-Sir Charles Bunbury presented to the House, accord- " duce into One Act of Parliament, the General Laws ing to Order, a Bill to continue and amend an Act, " now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His pre- " that Part of Great Britain called England, and for , sent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Relief " other Purposes," might be read.

" of the Poor, within the several Hundreds, Towns, and And the same being read accordingly;

" Districts, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to take into " incorporated by divers Acts of Parliament for the Consideration the said Acts, and to report their Observati Purpose of the better Maintenance and Employment ons, together with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

" of the Poor; and for enlarging the Powers of the And a Committeewas appointed of Mr. Bur don, Mr.

" Guardians of the Poor within the said several Hun- Dickinson, Sir William Geary, the Lord Mruicajin-, Mr.

" dreds. Towns, and Districts, as. to the Assessments Shaw Lefevre, Sir Ralph Milbanke, Mr. John Fane, Mr.

" to be made upon the several Parishes, Ham- Mainwaring, Sir Martin Browne Mr. Buxton, Mr.

" lets, and Places, within their respective Hundreds, Hawkins Browne, Mr. Jodrell, Mr. EJlcourt, Mr. Henry " Towns, and Districts, for the Support and Mainte- Laftelles, Mr. HuJJ'ey, Sir Lemon, Mr.

" nance of the PoorAnd the same was received; and Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Gregor, Mr. Glanv'tUe, Mr.

read the First Time. Bragge, Sir John Frederick, Mr. Attorney General, Mr.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Solicitor General, Mr, Simeon, and all the Gentlemen of

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time the Long Robe in the House: And they are to meet

upon Thursday Morning next. Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the

Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Corn-Copy of any Communication that may have passed be- mittee. tween the Board of Admiralty, the Lords of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade, and the Lords The House being informed that the Reverend Mr. State of Ac-Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, on the Effect Nares, from the Trustees of the British Museum, at- mu-°

of the present high Price of Copper, with respect to the tended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, team, pre-

Service of His Majesty's Navy. presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, fented *

A Paper, intituled, " A State of the Accounts of the A Petition of the poor distressed Prisoners confined British Museum, for the Years 1798 and 1799; and for Debt in His Majesty's Gaol of Newgate, was present- " an Estimate for the Year 1800." ed to the House, and read; Complaining of their Dif- And then he withdrew, tress, and praying Relief. And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. The laid Paper is as followeth; viz

VOL.

55 *

A STATE

BF 296

ii° MartiL 1800.

A STATE of the ACCOUNTS of the British Museum, for the Years 1798 and 1799;

and an Estimate for the Year 1 8 o o.

t

A STATE of the ACCOUNTS of the British Museum, 1798. Df. ‘ C'.

£. . d. }

Board Wages ----- -- 149 10 — j By Caih of 1797:

Book Binding; 7 4 6; In Hands of Mr. Nenvfand - - £. 18 12 5 £. /. J.

Coals - - \ 122 8 — - - - of Dr. Morton - 170 19 10

Garden Expectes 70 189 rz 3

Incidents - ----- -- 53 — 1 Bank Annuities ----- - 900 — —

Rent and Thxes ----- -- 304 12 — ! 1 The King's Librarian's Salary - - 3 7 6

Repairs - -- -- - 480 6 9 1

Stationary; 26 13 6 j In full of the Parliament's Grant of 1796 827 2 4.

Salaries and Wages 9J2 10 4 Part of the Parliament's Grant of 1798 1,000 j

2,286 6 —; /

Caih in Hand$ of Abraham Nenvland - £.1,005 4 9 /

941 16 1 /

3,228 2 1 j £. 3,228 2 t

799: £. d. 799 *

Board Wages - - - 149 10 — By Caih in Hands of Mr. Nnulaud- J. 1,005 4 9 f - J

Book Binding ----- -- 48 17 3 - - - due to Dr. Morton - - 63 8 8 jL «

Coals - 133 6 — 94I l6 I

Incidents - -- -- - 186 9 7 Bank Annuities ----- -- 900 — —

Rent and Taxes 396 13 7 The King's Librarian's Salary - 186 16 6

Repairs - - - - 3 4 — 6 Part of the Parliament's Grant of 1798 680 19 t

Stationary - -- -- - 7 7 3 /

Salaries and Wages - - - 9S3 8 /

£ 2,209 16 10 /

Cashin Hands of Mr. Newland - - £.358 6 1 /

499 4 0 /

£- 2,709 11 8 if- 2,709 11 8

ESTIMATE of the Account for 4800.

D . C.

-Expenditure of 1798 -

- - of 1799 -

of ^1^9^ X/ 10/.- *

Repairs of t 799 unpaid -

British Museum,

I oth March 1800.

£ s. d.

- 2,286 6 —

m 2,209 16 10

£ 4,496 a 10

£ '

- 2,248 1 5

- >35 6 5

£ 3,600 7 10

Caih remaining of 1799 -Exchequer Bills

The King's Librarian's Salary -Bank Annuities.

Deficiency

Richard Milts, Accountant.

499 4 > 1,200 — — 49 -900 — —

£ 2,848 16 10

75 —

3,600 7 10

Ordered,

40 Geo. III.

i i° Martii.

297

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the several Accounts and Papers, which were presented to the House, upon the 3d Day cmnt|Ureferred of February last, by Mr. Owen, from the Directors of to a Commit- the East India Company, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seveh-night, the 21st Day of this Ihstant , resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Accounts and Papers.

Sift India Company's Revenue Ac-

tcc.

Account of Coals imported into London, prdcmed.

Committee bn Mutiny Bill *

The House being informed that Mr. Reeks, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all the Coals imported into the Port of London, from the ill March 1790 to the ift March 1800; specifying the Quantity imported between the ift March and the iff October, and the ift and the 1 ft March, of each succeeding Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the'Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House, according to Cirder, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee:

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they, had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to! the Housej and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout} and then a Second Time, One by One} and, upon the Question federally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That, the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

A Bill for granting Bounties on the Importation of Bill for grant-Wheat, Wheaten Flour, and Rice, for a Time to be It- ongim°^«at on mited, was, according to Order, read a Second Time. of Wheat, &c.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. . com"Mt4'

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Chmmfttet appointed to enquire into the Coal Trade *

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the present State of the Coal Trade of this Kingdom, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr: Manning,

Mr. Buxton, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Hawkins Brozvne, Sir John William Attder-son. Sir William Scott, Mr. Burdon, Sir Matthew White Ridley, the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. John Smyth, Mr.

Wilberforce Bird, Mr. Bragge, Mr. Douglas, Mr. For- port, when the House will please to receive the same.

A I$U to encourage the Cultivation of Potatoes on Bill to encou^ Waste Lands, for a Time to be limited, was, according to ^Pon^ Order, read a Second Time. toes, commit *

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. tod *

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the yhole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to permit, for a Time to be limited, the Im- Swedish Her: portation of Swedish Herrings into Great Britain, was,

according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. s

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committe on Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited} the Use of Wheat in making Starch.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made federal Amendments thereunto} which jthey had directed him to re-

Beturst af N of French Bmigrante, to to printed *

Bank Agreement Bill, re-poiied *

dyce, the Lord Hawkefhury, Mr. Garthfhore, Mr. Patten, Mr. Wallace, Mr. William Dundas: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Return of the Number of French Emigrants resident in Great Britain, including Laity and Clergy, made from the Registers of the Alien Office, 28th February 1800, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Com- repotted, mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Tables Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One} and, upon the Question fevemlly put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be. ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Order for Accounts of Coals ex-

The House was moved, That the several Orders, made establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Com- Yesterday, That there be laid before this House, Ac-pany of the Bank of England, for advancing the Sum of counts of the Quantity of Coals exported from the several ^rTed'dir. Three Millions, towards the Supply for the Service of Ports of Sunderland, Hartley, and Blythe, since

the Year One thousand Eight hundred, was committed, the Year 1790, distinguishing each Year, might be read.

Vol. 55. ' 4G And

Accounts or detect.

Coals exported from New-castle, &c.

Price of Coals at the Coal Exchange *

Deame and Dove Canal Bill, committed.

Milton Inclo-iure Bill, reported.

I/utie P!um-ft< nd Inclosure iSill, presented.

298

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Coals exported from the Ports of Newcastle, Sunderland, and since

the Year 1790; distinguishing each Year, and distinguishing also those sent to Foreign Countries, to,

and Coastways to any other Part of Great Britain.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Average Prices of Coals, as fixed at the Coal Exchange, from the ill of 1798 to the ill

of March 1800 j distinguishing the Prices in each Month.

A Bill to enable the Deame and Dove Canal Company to finish and complete the said Canal, and the several Collateral Cuts branching therefrom; and for explaining, amending, and enlarging, the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and for increasing the Tolls thereby granted, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -force, Mr. Henry Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Morn-

ing next. Ten of the Clock.

yoviSi 130 die $

Anno Georgii III'11 Regis, 1800. Prayers.

MR. Charles Yorkereported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, withiflT the Parish of Milton, in the County of Cambridge, was committed j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

AClaule was offered to be added to the Bill, directing, that if the Commissioners shall find any Difficulty in obtaining Purchases in Land, they may apply the Money towards defraying the Expences of the Act.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Martin Brozvne Folkes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of LilliePlumjlead, in the County of Norfolk:

And the same was received; and read the First Time. Refched, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

A. 1800.

An ingrossed Bill for opening and making Two new Streets in the City of Aberdeen, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for opening and making Two new Streets in the City of Aberdeen.

Ordered, That Mr. Allardyce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing so much of an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, turning, varying, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from a certain Dwelling House, in ,now or late in the Occupation of William Walker, Gentleman, to Hajlingden, and from thence to the East End of Salford Bridge, in Blackburn, and also the Road from Hajlingden aforesaid, to the East End of Cockjhut Bridge, in the Town of Whalley, and also the Road from Hajlingden aforesaid, through New Church and to Todmorden,

and for making a Road from the said Road between Bury and Hajlingden, in the Township of to

the River Irwell, and for building a Bridge over the said River, all in the County Palatine of Lanajler, as relates to the Second District of Road by that Act intended to be amended, widened, turned, varied, altered, and kept in Repair, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, 'had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. William Carr, Junior, being examined, said, That a considerable Progress has been made in putting the said Act in Execution, with regard to the Second District of Road, and a large Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls arising within such District remains due: That the said Act, lo far as the same relates to the Second District, is in many Respects defective and insufficient; and that the said Debt cannot be paid off, nor can the Roads be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged with respect to that District: — And the Witness, being further examined, said, That the making of a Road from and out of the said Second District, at or near a certain Place called Fearns, in Wolfenden Booth, to the East End of a Barn, the Property of Mr. Richard Ormcrod, situate at Edge Side in the same Booth, and in the Parish of Whalley aforesaid, will not only be very advantageous to the Public, but will considerably increase the Tolls on the Second District And, the Witness further said, That the Trustees for the Turnpike Road, leading from Burnley to Rochdale, in the said County of Lancaster, have in Contemplation a Diversion of their said Road, within the Township of Spot land, a Communication with which projected Diversion, from and out of the said Second District, at or near a certain Place called Roberts' Mill, with'/i Bacup , in the Parish of Whalley, will be more commodious than the circuitous Road which is now travelled, and will materially benefit the Revenue of that District.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir William Forbes, of Craigevar, Baronet, Andrew Skene, of Dyce, Arthur Dingwall For-dyce, of Culjh, Andrew Robert, of Robert

Turner, of Menie, John Chambers, of , Alexander

Brebner,

i i — ij0 .

Aberdeen

Streets Bill *

passed.

Bury» See Roads Peii -tion, reported.

Aberdeen Roads Petition, reported *

40 Geo. III. 130 Martir.

299

Brebner, Younger, of Laimie, Innes, of

John Burnett, of Elrick, John Ramsay, of , John

Forbes, of Upper Boyndlie, Thomas Leys, of ForeJl, John Dingwall, of Ard Lord Provost of Aberdeen, Alexander Frafer ,of John Gordon, of

Craigmyle, Charles lnnes, of , Patrick Milne, of

Crimonmogate, John Niven, of Thornton, Alexander Ro-bertfon, of Hazlehead, George Ogilvie, of Auchiries, and Erskine Frafer, of WoodhilI, Esquires, was referred; That

the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Aberdeen, was read: — And,

Thomas Burnett, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Powers and Regulations granted by the said Act, having been found ineffectual, it would tend to the Public Accommodation, and Advantage to the County of Aberdeen, if the same was repealed, and a new Act granted for continuing and enlarging the Powers, and for amending, widening, and improving other Roads in the County of Aberdeen, than those specified in the above Act, or the same altered and amended: That, besides the Roads particularly mentioned in the said Act, upon jvhich Tolls have not hitherto been levied, the Road from Peterhead, in the County of Aberdeen, to Banff, in the County of Banff, passing through the Parishes of Peterhead, LongJide, S' Fergus,

Strichen, Aberdour, Tyrie, Old Deer, New Deer, Mon-quhitter, Garnery, Fordyce, Alva, Fyvie, Forglen, King Edward, Inverkeithny, Drumblade, Auditerless, and Banff

the Road from the Burgh of to Old -

Arum, in the said County, passing through the Parishes of Foveran, Slains, Ellon, Logie, Buchan, Methlie,

ves, Udny, Old Meldrum, and Bourty; the Road from Fraserburghto Banff, passing through Fraferburg/r,

Tyrie, Raethan, Aberdour, PitJ King Ed-

ward, Drumblade, Inverkeithny, Garnery, Alva, and Banff-, the Road from Kinerme to Tarland, passing through the Parishes of Midmar, Kincardine, O'Neil, Lumphanan, and Tarland; the Road from Peterhead to Fraserburgh, passing through the Parishes of,

S' Fergus, Crimond, Lonmay, Raethan, and Fraserburgh j and the Road from Mills of Drum, in the Confines of the said County of Aberdeen, to Charleton of Aboyne, passing through the Parishes of Drumoak, Banchory, Ternan, Kincardine, O'Neil, and Aboyne, are also very much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and, in some Places, dangerous for Travellers, and Cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, by the Method prescribed by Law, now in Force for that Purpose: — And, the Witness added. That the Powers and Authorities granted by Law respecting Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, and the Services thereby allowed to be exacted in Scotland, on that Account, are not sufficient for making repairing, improving, and maintaining, the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, in the said County -, and that it would be a great Advantage to the County, if Powers were given to erect Gates or Turnpikes, and to levy reasonable Tolls and Duties on all and each of the Roads particularly above described, and upon those Roads upon which Turnpike Gates have not hitherto been erected, or Tolls levied, by virtue of the above mentioned Aftj and also to convert the said Services into Money, and to impose, in certain Cafes, an additional Assessment on the Heritors and Proprietors of Lands, and other Persons in the said County of Aberdeen, for making, repairing, improving, and maintaining the said Highways, Bridges, Voi. 55.

and Ferries; and that it would also be a great Accommodation to the Public, and all Persons residing near the Roads above described, if; the same were properly amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair. , ....

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " making and repairing certain Roads in the County of " Aberdeen,"and for the more effectually amending,

and keeping in Repair, the said R.oads, and other Roads, in the said County, and for levying a Conversion Money in lieu of the Statute Labour, and otherwise regulating the making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said County: And that.Mr, William Dundas, Mr. Allardyce, and Sir John Stuart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord John Campbell reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Heritors, Justices of Peace, and Commissioners of Supply, for the Shire of Argyll, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, the Application being only for regulating the Statute Labour within the said Shire; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition,1.and had directed him to report the lame; as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Roads and Bridges within the Shire of Argyll, was read: — And,

John Selon Karr, Esquire, being examined, said. That the said Act is near expiring, and that the Purposes for which the same was obtained cannot be effected, unless it is explained, altered, amended, and the Term thereof further continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, and continuing an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Highways and " Bridges in the Shire of ArgyllAnd that Lord John Campbell, Mr. John Campbell, and Mr. McDozvall, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable Peter Lord -dir, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,. That the Petitioner is Lessee under the Crown, for a Term of which about Thirteen Years are unexpired, of all the Chains for mooring Vessels in the River Thames between London Bridge and Bugby's Hole, with full Right of placing as many Chains, from Time to Time, as the N umber of Ships or other Circumstances may require, and is desirous, at his own Expence, to carry into Effect a Plan for the Improvement of the Mooring Chains, by which his Estate will be very largely benefited j and in so doing he doubts not but he shall, in a great Degree, afford the Means of putting an End to the Inconvenience now felt, which arises from the crowded State of the Shipping, and the Obstruction thereby occasioned to the Navigation of the River; which Inconvenience, if the above Plan is carried into Effect, may be remedied in the Space of Two Years; and that if the Bill now depending in the House, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, should pass into a Law as it now Hands, the Petitioner's Estate, under the Lease above mentioned, which is now of great Value, will be totally or very nearly annihilated, as the Object of the Bill is to take the greatest Part of the Ships out of the River into Docks

or

Argyll Roads Petition, reported.

Petition of ' Lord Gwydir, against London Docks, &c. Bill.

Raft Hartley and Ockham Dmfion BUI reported.

Magor and Chepftqw Roads Bill, reported *

Norma&ton upon Trent Inclosure Bill, uooumtted *

Papers respect i-g the high Price of Copper, presented,

366 Martin 1866.

or Basons: And therefore praying, That he may be beard, by his Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect him, and that due Provision may be made therein for securing to him full Compensation for his Property, viewed in the Light of the improved State of which it is capable in case it shall be deemed expedient for the Public Benefit that he should be deprived of it, or that he may have such other Relief in the Premises as the House shall judge to be reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie Upon the Table.

Sir John Frederick reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for separating the Commons or Waste Grounds of the Manor of in the County of Surrey, which lie in the several Parishes of East ley and Ockham, within the said Manor, and for settling the Rights of Common thereon, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House,' relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of 4I Acres of Land, having Right of Common upon the said Com-tnons and Waste Grounds, who refused to sign the Bill, and that the whole Property of Personp having such Right of Common consists of 1,047 Acres, and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place } and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One} and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Morgan reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving, the Road from the Village of Magor to the Bridge-foot in the Town of , in the County of

Monmouth, and several other Roads in the Counties of Monmouth, Gloucester, Hereford, and Brecon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a ^Second Time, One by One j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, regulating, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and ' Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Normanlon upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. pont, Mr. Denison, See.: And they are to meet this Af-

ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House being informed that Mr. Nicolay, from the Treasury, attended at the Door, he was called in; , and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copies of Communications that have passed between the Board of Admiralty, the Lords of the Committee

of Council for Trade, and the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, on the Effect of the present high Price of Copper, with respect to the Service of His Majesty's Navy.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read;

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table} to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preferVed amongst the Other Papers of this Session;

The House being informed that Mr. Nicolay, from Account of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the o°a *

Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to Bxcise in Scot-the House, pursuant to their Order, fcnted^ '

An Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears due on the 5th January 1800, from the Officers of Excise in Scotland, from 5th January 1774, as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the Names of such Officers} and for what Collections, and in what Capacity} they are or were employed, the Sums originally due from them, and when; and the Amounts andiDates of the Payments which have been made in Discharge thereof.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table} to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Resolved, Ntmine Contradicente, That the Thanks of Dr. Onflovg this House be given to the Reverend Arthur th"kcd *

Doctor in Divinity, and Dean of Worcester, for the Sermon by him preached Yesterday before this House, at the Church of Saint John the Evangeli/l, JVstminster, and

that he be desired to print the fame: And that Mr.

Shaw Lefevre and Mr. John Fane do acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do signify to the Reverend Mr. Speaker ' Doctor Finch, Minister of the said Church, the Satisfaction of this House at the great Care which was taken Satisfiaion to provide proper Accommodations for the House, when Houft> they Yesterday attended Divine Service in that Church. e'

Mr. Samuel Thornton reported from the Committee, Bank BuUd-to whom the Petition of the Governor and Company of ins p ?tion the Bank of England, was referred; That the Committee * had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Soane, Esquire, an Architect, beingexamined, said. That, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament, sundry Houses,

Ground, Hereditaments, and Premises, were purchased by and vested in the Petitioners, and the Edifice of the Bank was very much enlarged and extended, and the Passages leading thereto made more commodious for the Public: That, in Consequence of the great Increase of Public Debt, and of the Public Business transacted by the Petitioners, and alf© the Extension of their Dealings and Transactions with Individuals, the Scite on which the said Edifice now (lands is inadequate to enable the Petitioners to erect safe, proper, and convenient Offices for the Transaction and Management of the important Concerns placed under their Management: That the Avenues leading to and adjoining the said Edifice, on the East and West Sides thereof, are narrow and inconvenient; and it is proposed to widen and render the same more commodious, and in particular to continue the West Avenue, called Princes Street, in a direct Line from the Front of the Mansion House to Lothbury, and

to

Humber flirts, See. Bill, tailed.

Bank Agree-went BiH, deferred.

FoorRiHef Bill, committed.

40 Geo. III. - t$°

301

to purchase all the Premises necessary for that Purpose; and to take the Angle which will be thereby made on the East Side of such Street or Avenue, when lb improved, into and to make it Part of the Scite of the Bank, and by that Means to increase and extend the Public Offices thereof: That the said Avenue on the West Side of the Bank, called Princes. , is now very narrow and crooked, inso much that if the Houses on the West Side thereof opposite to the Bank should take Fire, the Safety of the said Edifice would be greatly endangered; and it is therefore of great Public Importance, that the said Avenue should be widened and made more commodious, and proceed hi a direct Line from Mansion House Street to Lothbury .- — And the Witness further said. That the South End of Bartholomew opposite the South East Corner of the said Edifice, and immediately fronting the North Gate of the Royal Exchange, is very narrow and incommodious; and the Petitioners are deiirous of purchasing Four Houses, forming the North West Corner of the said Street called Bartholomew Lane, for the Purpose of taking down the fame, in order to widen and render more commodious the Avenue on the East Side of the Bank; and to render the said Improvement complete, it will be requisite to make a Foot Palfigc through the lower Part of the Tower of Saint BartholomChurch, adjoining the said Houses.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the

Table.

An ingrossed Bill for the Appointment and Regulation of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels into and out of the Port of upon Hull; and for

ascertaining the Salvage for Anchors and Cables, and other Ship's Materials, found in the River Humber; and for the better ascertaining the Tonnage of Ballast Lighters employed at the said Port, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the Appointment and Regulation of Pilots for the conducing of Ships and Vessels into and out of the Port of Kings on upon; and for ascertaining the Salvage for Anchors, Cables, and other Ships Materials, found in the River Humber; and for the better ascertaining the Tonnage of Bailaft Lighters employed at the said Port.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Thornton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing the Sum of Three Millions, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next,

A Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Relief of the Poor,

" within the several Hundreds, Towns, and Districts,

" in that Part of Great Britain called ,incorpo *

f< rated by divers Acts of Parliament for the Purpose of " the better Maintenance and Employment of the Poor;

" and for enlarging the Powers of the Guardians of the " Poor within the said several Hundreds, Towns, and

Districts, as to the Assessments to be made upon the " several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, within their respective Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, for the Support and Maintenance of the Poor," was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

V°l.'55 *

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hcjufe, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, for a further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term of Two Acts, One made in theTwelfth, and the other in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for clearing, depthening, repairing, maintaining, and improving, the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth; and for depthening, and making more navigable the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven, and preserving Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire; and also for buildinga new Bridge over the Haven of Great Yarmouth; and for altering and enlarging the Powers thereof, lb far as the same relate to the said Haven and Piers; without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing! allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of , in the County of Huntingdon; with some Amendments; to which

Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Moor, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Locking, in the County of Somerset; with tome Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lords have agreed to

Yarmouth Haven UHL

Bythorn Inclosure Bill, w,.h Amendments,

Locking Tn-clol'ure Blit, with Amendments.

Ordered, That there belaid before this House, an Account of^ Account of the Quantity of Coals exported from the ed°aord red?" several Ports of this Kingdom, from the ill of January 1790 to the 1 ft of January 1800, distinguishing each Year; as also the Ports from which the same were exported, and the Places to which they were respectively cleared out, other than the Ports of Newcastle,

Hartley, and Blythe.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee 01 the whole House, ?l11 Lor g^nt *

' ing counties

upon the Bill for granting Bounties on the Importa- on Importation tion of Wheat, Wheaten Flour, and Rice, for a Time to Wheat, fcc. be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the tame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Encourage-retolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to menl to lm' consider of giving further Encouragement to the importation of Corn and Flour.

t

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Addrest for His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleated to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies phc! of Cop-of all Representations made to the Privy Council, com- Explaining of the Want, or high Price, of Copper, either by the Merchant, Ship Owners, or Manufacturers.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

4 H The

portat ion of Corn and Flour, to be onlidered.

302

13® — 140 Martii.

A. 1800.

Mutiny Bill, deferred *

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to jvhom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, Was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Swedifii Her- The Order of the Day being read, for the House to rings^Bilu de- ref0|ve into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to permit, for a Time to be limited, the Importation of Swedish Herrings into Great Britain;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read; fc;i1 "speajne The Bill (now ingrossed) to prohibit, for a Time to stare , pass . the Use.of Wheat in making Starch, was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to prohibit, until the First Day of October One thousand Eight hundred, the Use of Wheat in making Starch.

Ordered, That the Lord Hawkesbury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Venerisy 140 die Martii;

Anno 40 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1800.

Prat br s.

A N ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, fidfareBiu! il the Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, i>affect. ' Warren Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of , in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the'pile be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Warren Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of , in the County of Nor-

folk.

Ordered, That Mr. Aftley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Tetbury, See. Mr. EJlcowt reported from the Committee, to whom Roads.re'-com- the Report was re-committed, which was made from the ir/med Report. Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed to put in Execution Two Acts, paded in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads in the County of , and of other

Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had further examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with (except so far as relates to the Application for making, diverting, and repairing the said Road, leading from the Turnpike Road from Gloucester to , at it not having

been determined to apply to Parliament for that Purpose until it was too late to give the Notices required by the said Standing Orders; but that, immediately upon such Determination, Notice was given Three Times in The Gloucester Journal, in the Months of December and January last ;) and it appeared to the Committee, that the aforesaid Road will be of great Convenience to the Public, and that a Gate is intended to be erected thereon, and all Persons paying Toll at such Gate will be ex-

empted from the Payment of Toll at any other Gate in the same District, and at which they would be obliged to pay if no Gate was erected on the said Road, and in case of having paid Toll at any Gate at present erected on the District, such Payment will exempt such Persons from Payment of any further Toll at the said Gate, and the Length of the said Road does not exceed Three Miles and One Quarter; and that all Persons through whose Lands the same is intended to pass are contenting; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth i viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Tetbury to the Gates on the West of Symondfttall Down, and from the Turnpike Gate, at the Top of Frocester Hill, to the Turnpike Road from Cirencester towards Bath, and from the Field called Bowl- . down Sleight, to the End of a Lane adjoining the Road from Horftey to Tetbury, near Tittup's Inn, and from the

Market Place in Tetbury to the Turnpike Road on chinhampton Common, and from the said Road in Minchin-hampton Field unto the Turnpike Road from to Stroud, near BurntAfh, and from the said Turnpike

Road to Tayloe's Mill Pond, in Cha!ford Bottom, and through Hide, to the Bottom of the Bourn in the County of Gloucester: — All'o, an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the aforesaid Act, lo far as the same relate to the Road from Tetbury to the Gates on the West of Symond/ha llDown, and from the House at the Top of Frocester Hill, where the Turnpike Gate lately flood, to the Turnpike Road from Cirencester towards and from the Field called BoivSleight, to the End of a Lane adjoining to the Road from Horftey t o Tetbury, near Tittup's Inn, and for amending and keeping-in Repair the Road from the said Turnpike Road, near Howell's Down, across Owlpen Dotvn, to a Lane leading to Lam-pern Hill, and from another Part of the said Turnpike Road, near the Latterwood Turnpike, across Owlpen Down aforesaid, all in the County of Gloucester, were read: And, 1

Mr. John Vizard, being examined, said. That great Progress has been made in the Repair of the said Roads, and the Tolls and Duties comprized in the last mentioned Act have been duly applied, and considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed, which stil! remain due, and the same cannot be re-paid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts are further continued and enlarged, so far as the same relate to the Roads from Tetbury, and other Places, in the County of in-

eluded in the last mentioned Act; that the Road from the End of Charlton Tything, as above described, is in a ruinous Condition, and not capable of being effectually amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; that it would be a great Public Convenience, by opening a Communication to and several other

Parts of the adjacent Country, if Powers were granted to make, divert, alter, widen, and repair, a certain , Road, leading from the Turnpike Road from Gloucester to Bath, at Nailsworth, near the Chapel there, to the

Church at Horftey, as far as a Place, or Rojd, called the White Way, leading to Down , and from the said Place, across and through certain Orchards, and Pieces of Arable and Pasture Land there, the Property of Joseph Lock, William Smith, and Joseph Howell, to join and open into the said Road or Way, leading to the Church at Horftey, aforesaid, at or near the Beot Inn at Horftey, and from thence through the Street at Horftey, to a certain Place, called The Raggad, where the Road or Way leading to Nymphsfieldbranches off, and trom

the said Place, called The Raggad, through and along the

R oad

40 Geo. III. 14 Martit. 303

Road leading to and through a Wood called The woody to join another Turnpike Road leading from GIqu-after to Bath, through Frocester, at or near the Toll Gate there.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That, in Confederation of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted that Notices may be given at the ensuing Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of and

Three Times in some One Newspaper published in the said County, in the present Month of March, and in the Month of April following, or either of them, of the Application to Parliament for making, widening, and repairing the said Road leading from the Turnpike Road from Gloucester to Bath, at Nailsworth.

an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for embanking, draining, and preferring, certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon, and in the Parishes of Doddington, March, Benwick, Wimblingttm,

and Chatteris, within the Me of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and for amending the Road from a certain Bridge, in the Parish of Chatteris aforesaid, called Carter s Bridge, by a Drain called V°rrmiydens, or the Forty Feet Drain, to a Bridge called The Forty Feet Bridge, in the said Parish of Ramsey, as far as relates to embanking the Lands therein described, called by the Name of the Upper District or Division: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Cp&c °RoId» The House was moved, That the Report which was Setition, r«- Yesterday made from the Committee, to whom the Pe-eowmined. tition of the several Pei Ions, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing so much of an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, turning, varying, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from a certain Dwelling House, in Bury, now or late in the Occupation of William Gentleman, to

den, and from thence to the East End of Salford Bridge, in Blackburn, and also the Road from Haftingden aforesaid to the East End of Cockfluf Bridge, in the Town of Whalley, and also the Road from Haftingden aforesaid, through New Church and Bacup, to Todmorden, and for making a Road from the said Road between Bury and Haftingden, in the Township of Walmerfley, to the River Jrwell, and for building a Bridge oyer the said River, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, as relates to the Second District of Road by that Act intended to be amended, widened, turned, varied, altered, and kept in Repair, was referred, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred.

Walton upon General Norton presented to the House, according to Tnciotbre bm, Orc^er> a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the prjiemed. Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Walton upon Thames, and the Manor of Walton Leigh; in the County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

and General Norton presented to the House, according to lnciofureSBi)l, Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the pretested. Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parishes of Byfleet and , Weybridge, in the County of And the same was

received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Argyll Heads Bill presented.

Lord John Campbell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for explaining, amending, and continuing an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing the " Highways and Bridges in the Shire of Argyll:" And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Burllfcombe Mr. DickinJoit presented to the House, according to inciofure Bill, Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the presente . Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Bur-life ombe, in the County of Devon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Drain^ e b'iI Mr. Charles Yorke, presented to the House, according

picfcntui. ' ' to Order, a Bill for amending and making more effectual Vol. 55.

Mr. Beaumont reported from the Committee, to whom Hexham and the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the Alft°n Road Powers and Provisions, of an Act, passed in the Eigh- 1 r porte teenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Summer Rods Bar, near the Town of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Alflon, in the County of Cumberland, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Beaumont reported from the Committee, to whom Gitnwi-.eit, the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the Bllt»

Powers and Provisions, of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Carlisle and castle upon Tyne Turnpike Road, near Glenwhelt, to another Part of the said Carlisle and Newcastle Road upon Shildon Common, in the County of Northumberland; and for altering the Termination of the said Road at the West End thereof, and extending the same to, or near to, Glenwhelt, in the said County; and for making and

repairing a Branch Road from the said Road at Car-bridge to the Military Road at Heddon on the Wall, in the said County of Northumberland, wras committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, wiih the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Freemen of the City of Canterbury, Canterbury whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was delivered in eUc? " at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, at the last t0r . Electioa of a Citizen to serve in Parliament for the said City, in the room of George Gipps, Esquire, deceased, the Honourable George Watfou, and Joseph Roy/e, Esquire, were Candidates; and that the said George Watson, not being at the Time of such Election a Freeman of the said City, was, as the Petitioners are advised, incapable of being elected a Citizen to serve for the said City in Parliament; and that the said George Watson was, by himself, or his Agents, guilty of Bribery and Treating, and other undue, corrupt, illegal, and unwarrantable

Practices;

3°4

14° Martii. A. 1800.

Pta&ices; and that the said George , having pro-

cured a Majority on the Poll, was returned by the Sheriff of the said City, although the said being the only eligible Candidate, was duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant such Relief as to the House shall feetn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Confi-. deration upon Tuesday, the ift Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties, accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselve , their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered for be taken into Consideration.

Account of The House being informed that Mr.

fronvRKeivers from the Office of Surveyor General of Woods, attend-of Crown ed at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre-

£& pre fented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Total Amount of the Balances due, on the 5th January 1800, from the several Persons employed in receiving or collecting the Revenues of the Crown Lands, from the 5th January 1774 — so far as the same can be made up; — distingui thing the Names of such Persons, and for what Branches or Ditlricts they are or were employed, — the Balances due from them respectively upon the last making up of their Accounts, — the Date from whence such Balances respectively began to accrue, and the Periods to which the same were computed, — together with the Amount and Dates of the Payments which have been since made in Discharge thereof, containing a summary Statement of the Total Receipts and Disbursements in the Office of the Surveyor General of Woods, from the ift January 1788 to the 5th January 1800, as far as the same can at present be made up.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Lords Amend. The House proceeded to take into Considerat ion the ing'incWur^' Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled. Bill, agreed to An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Moor, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Locking, in the County of

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.,

Pr. 29. 1. 2. After " Proprietors" insert " who " may attend."

1 Leave out " signed and fealed" and y. insert " executed."

1. 8. Leave out "and" and insert "which " Execution shall be."

1. 11. After " Time" insert "only."

12j 7 Leave out " for the Purpose of Ap-

] "p«""

7 Leave out " signed and fealed" and

I insert "executed."

J7 J

Pr. 32, 1. 31. After " Majority" insert " in Value."

Pr. 32. 1. 32 After " Proprietors" insert " who " shall be," and, in the same Line, leave out " any" and insert " the " First."

1. 33. Leave out from " Meeting" to " and, " in Line 34, and insert " of the said " Commissioners, and in the Notice " of which Meeting shall be expressed the Intention of then " appointing such Banker, or such " other Person or Persons."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House;

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord ships.

Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 13th Day of May 1796, was made from the Committee, appointed to enquire into the best Mode of providing sufficient Accommodation for the increased Trade and Shipping of the Port of London; and all'o, the Reports which, upon the ift Day of June, and the 1 ith Day of in the last Session of Parliament, were made from t he Select Committee, who were appointed to consider of the Reports of the M.inutes of the Evidence taken by the Committee, to whom the Bill for making Wet Docks, Batons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London-, and also, by the Committee, to whom the Bill for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the Port of Were severally committed; and who were instructed to receive such further Plans and Observations as might be submitted to them for the Improvement of the Port of London, and for the greater Accommodation and Security of the Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the same; be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making Wet Docks, Batons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, is committed.

Ordered, That the Minutes of the Evidence, which were reported to, the House upon the 25 th Day of April, and on the 7th Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament, from the Committee to whom the Bill for making Wet Docks, Batons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, was. committed, be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for making Wet Docks, Batons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, is committed.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And the House being informed, That several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Resolved,

Reports referred to Committee on London Docks Bill.

Mutiny Bill lejiorted, and recommitted.

House refohrrt lo adjourn to Monday.

Jill for granting Bounties on Importation of Wheat, &c. reported.

Committee on Encouragement to Importation of Com and Flour, deferred.

Committee on Bill to encourage the Culture of Potatoes.

Petition of Mill Owners, against the Rochdale Ca-pal pill.

40 Geo. III. 14 — 17' MartiL _ 305

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting Bounties on the Importation of Wheat, Wheat -en Flour, and Rice, for a Time to be limited, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place i and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Corn and Flour, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to encourage the Cultivation of Potatoes on Waste Lands, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Wallace took the Chair of the Committee.

And the Committee having been told, and Forty Members not being present j

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And the House being told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 170 die Martii $

Anno 40 Georgii IIP1' Regis, 1800. Prayers.

A PETITION of the Owners and Occupiers of Mills situate on the River in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by an Act, passed in the Thirtyrfourth Ye^r of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Calder Navigation, at or near Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join the Canal of his Grace the Duke of Bridge-coaler, in the Parish of Manthe, in the County Palatine of Lpncaster, and also certain Cuts from the intended Canal, certain Persons, therein named, vere united into a Company for making and maintaining the Rochdale Canal, and several Clauses were inserted in the said Act, for the Purpose of preventing Injury or Damage to the Owners and Occupiers of Mills upon the said River Calder, and its Feeders, by the making of the said Canal, and other Works, and particularly for preferying and securing to them the Springs, Feeders, Watercourses, or Streams of Water, which supplied, or assisted in supplying, with Water, the Mills upon the said River, or its Feeders, by Means of Tunnels, Cul-r yerts. Trenches, Drains, and Aqueduds, and for ftfeer-; Vot.

taining the Quantity of Surplus Water in Times of Excels, by Gauge Weirs and Water Marks, to be made and fixed in such Places, and in such Manner, as is directed by the said Act j and that the said Company of Proprietors have proceeded in the making of the said Canal, but have omitted and neglected, in many Instances, to make, dig, and fix, the said Tunnels, Culverts, Trenches,

Drains, Aqueduds, and wholly to make and fix Gauge Weirs and Water Marks, according to the Directions of the said Act, and the Clauses inserted therein, for that Purpose, as well as for the Purpose of preventing Injury and Damage to the Mills, in Consequence whereof the Owners and Occupiers of Mills have sustained very considerable Damage, which Damage is likely to increase by the said Canal, and the Works thereof j and that tho Company of Proprietors have applied to Parliament,' in the present Session, for an Act, enabling them to make certain Deviations from their present Parliamentary Line, or for finishing the said Canal, and the Works relating thereto, or for otherwise altering or amending the said Act of the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: And therefore praying. That, in case the said Bill should pass into a Law, sufficient Clauses may be inserted therein, not only for the Purpose of enforcing a ftrid Observance of the Clauses comprized in the present Act on their Behalf, but also such further-Clauses, for the better and more effectual Security and Protection of their Rights and Interests, as to the House shall seem meet} and the Petitioners also pray to be heard, by themselves, or by Counsel, on their Behalf.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal to raise Money for completing the said Canal, and to vary the Line of the said Canal, and to alter, explain, and amend, the Ad, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition of thereto subscribed, being Owners or Proprietors of Stock or Shares in the Huddersfield Canal Navigation, was pre- HuLmleM fented to the Jdoufe, and read; Setting forth. That by Caiial B 11 an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from and out of the Canal of Sir John Ramsden, Baronet, at or near the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join and communicate with the Canal Navigation from Man-i chester to or near Ashton-under-Lyne, and Oldham, at or near the Town of Ashton-under-Lyne aforesaid, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, certain Persons therein named were united into a Company for making and maintaining the said Huddersfield Canal; and that a very considerable Sum of Money hath been raised under the Powers of the said Act for the Purposes therein-mentioned j and that, by the Bill now depending in the House, for enabling the Huddersfield Canal Company to finish and complete the Huddersfield Canal, and for amending the Ad, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Huddersfield Canal, it is intended that such of the Proprietors of Stock or Shares, as shall refuse to advance further Sums for the Prosecution of the Works of the Canal, shall not only be excluded all Benefit which may arise from the Tolls and Profits of the said intended Canal, but also that the Stock and Shares to which they are now entitled, and all Sum and Sums of Money advanced thereon, shall become forfeited, and shall be applied towards the carrying on and prosecuting the Works of the said Canal, for the benefit of thos? whq

4 J W

1

306 17' Martii. A. 1800.

are desirous that the same should be proceeded upon; Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves, their

and that many of the Persons who were originally Pro- Agents, or Counsel, before the said Committee,

prietors of Stock or Shares, or who have since become upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Purchasers or Owners thereof, are now dead, and the Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-Executors, Administrators, or Trustees, of several of mittee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the such deceased Proprietors, being interested on Behalf of same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Creditors, Legatees, and others, do not conceive them- Petitions.

selves at Liberty to advance further Money out of the That all have Voices who come to the Com-

Trust Monies in their Hands, or rift. the same in Specu- mittee to whom the said Bill is committed, lations of this Sort, instead of paying the same to those

who are entitled thereto, and, in fast^many of such Ex- Ordered, That Mr. John Smyth do make the Report Wakefi«t<Umt ecutors, Administrators, and Trustees (were they so in- from the Committee to whom the Petition of the several AufteriamU dined) have not any Trust Money or Effects in Hand Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being rc^rted'UU0D' for the Purpose; and that all the Persons whose Names Trustees for executing Two Acts, the One passed in the are thereto subscribed, as well Executors, Administra- Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty tors, and Trustees, as those entitled in their own Rights King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for re-respectively, are unwilling to advance further Money for " pairing the Road from Wakefield to in the

the carrying on and prosecuting the Works of the said " West Riding of the County of York," and the other Canal, and wifti therefore to be exempt from all future passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His pre-Cafis in respect thereof, but they are desirous either of sent Majesty, for continuing the Term, and altering and receiving, or continuing to be entitled to, a proportion- enlarging the Powers, of the said first mentioned Act, ate, Share of the Profits of the said intended Navigation, was referred.

in respect of the several Sums already advanced, or the Mr. John Smyth accordingly reported from the said Shares to which they are now respectively entitled, or Committee, That the Committee had examined, and that the Re-payment of the said several Sums shall be found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative secured to them, with Interest, by Mortgage of the Tolls to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that and Profits of the said intended Navigation, or in some the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Pe-other effectual Manner: And therefore praying, That tition, which they had directed to be reported to the the said Bill may not pass into a Law in its present Form, House; and he read the Report in his Place j and after-as the Petitioners Rights and Interests will be materially wards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the affected thereby, but that they may be heard, by them- same was read; and is as followeth; viz. selves, their Agents, or Counsel, against the fame. To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said

Petition of A Petition of Joseph Radcliffe, of Milns Bridge, in Acts were read: And,

the County of York, Esquire, was likewise presented to Mr. Henry Stables, being examined, said. That the ffii!" the House, and read; also taking Notice of the said Bill; Trustees have proceeded to put the said Acts into Exe-

and Setting forth, That the Petitioner is Lord of the cution, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money Manor of Marfden, in the County of York, and Owner on the Credit of the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken

or Proprietor of very considerable Quantities of Land, on the said Road; but that the same cannot be repaid, through which the Line of the said Canal has already nor the said Roads be sufficiently improved and kept in passed, and is intended to pass; and his Property will Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is further con-receive essential Injury if the said Bill should pals into a tinued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof Law: And therefore praying. That he may be heard, by altered and enlarged: — And, the Witness added. That himself, or his Counsel, against such Parts of the said it will be necessary to increase the Tolls.

Bill as will affect his Property, and that he may receive Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet. continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging tha Petition of A Petition of Joseph Radcliffe, of Milns Bridge, in the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year Mill Owner , County of York, Esquire, on the Behalf of himself, and of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, agsinli j> divers other Persons, Owners and Occupiers of Mills and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present upon the Rivers Colne and Tame, in the Counties of Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wakefield to Aufier-York and Lancaster, was also presented to the House, in the West Riding of the County of York: And

and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and that Mr. John Smyth and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and Setting forth, That the said Company, in cutting and bring in, the lame, making the said Canal, have diverted divers Rivulets,

Natural Feeders, Watercourses, or Streams of Water Ordered, That Mr. John Smyth do make the Report h K6x imI and Springs, from their ancient Courses, and have not from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing made such Culverts and Trunks as by the said Act is re- the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Bill, reported, quired to be made, nor complied with the Regulations Acts, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of '

of the said Act in respect of the Manner of taking the his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Water from such Rivulets, Feeders, Watercourses, or Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

Streams and Springs, but have materially injured the Pe- for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amend-titioner, and the said several Persons, in the Occupation ing; the Roads from the Town of Halifax, and from and Enjoyment of the said Mills: And therefore praying, Sowerby Bridge, in the County of York, by Todmorden, to That such Clauses for the further Protection of the Burnley and Littleborough, in the county of,

Mills, and Water thereunto flowing from the said was committed.

Rivers Colne and Tame,- and the Rivulets, Natural Feed- Mr. John Smyth accordingly reported from the said ers, Watercourses, or Streams of Water, and Springs, Committee, That the Committee had examined the may be inserted in the said intended Act, as may more Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; effectually secure and protest the Enjoyment of the and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and Streams of Water heretofore used and occupied by the made several Amendments thereunto, which they had diT said Mills, as to the House shall seem meet; and that rested to be reported to the House; and he read the Re-the Petitioner, and the said several other Persons, may, port in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, by themselves or their Counsel, be heard in Support of with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where their several Allegations above made. the Amendments were Once read throughout; and

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon thq referred to the Consideration of the Committee, Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by to whom the said Bill is committed; and the the House,

p Orderedt

40 Geo. III. 17 Martii.

3°7

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be m-grofied.

Tht Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

have agreed to Qraves

Mr.Speaker,

Ivelthefter The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Roads Bill. for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Town of Ive/chester, in the County of without any

Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Aeccunt of The House being informed that Mr. (Clerk to

e Company of Mercers of the City of London) attended

fcntsd/ at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " The Accounts of the Wardens " and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the " City of London, from the loth of October 1798 to the " 10th of October 1799, directed to be laid before each " House of Parliament, by Two Acts, one of the " Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty " King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the " Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of " London, and the other, of the Fourth Year of the Reign " of His present Majesty King the Third, intitUr

" led, An Act for the Relief of the Bond and other " Creditors of the Wardens and Commonalty of the " Mystery of Mercers of the City of London"

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Swsnfea Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom

tlot Prted the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Town oa, reporte . an(j goroUgh Qf Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan,

and of several other Persons residing in the Neighbourhood thereof, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of 'His present Majesty's Reign, for building a Bridge across the River at

a Place called The Wich Tree, in the Parish of -

left, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Llangevelach, in the County of Glamorgan, and for making proper Avenues or Roads to and from the said Bridge; and also for repairing and widening the Road from Pentre Brook, near a Place called in the Parish

of Saint John's, near Swansea, to the said intended . Bridge, was read: And,

Mr. William Grove, being examined, said, That the Tolls authorized to be taken by the said Act, have proved insufficient for the due Execution thereof, and aconfide-'rable Debt hath been incurred, which cannot be paid off unless the Term of the said Act is continued, and feme additional Tolls granted, and Powers are wanted to render One of the said Avenues more commodious, and that it is also necessary to alter and amend some other of the Powers and Provisions of the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for " building a Bridge across the River Tawey, at a Place VOL. 55.

" called The With Tree, in the Parish of to

* the opposite Shore in the Parish of Llangevelach, in the County of Glamorgan, for making proper Avenues or Roads to and from the said Bridge, and also for " repairing and widening the Road from Pentre Brook,

" near a Place called Aberdwyberthy, in the Parish of " Saint John's, near Swansea, to the said intended " BridgeAnd that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Thomas Wyndhem do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Little Plum-, Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Little Plumfield, in the County of Was read a ted,'

Second Time.

- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Martin Browne Felkes, Mr. AJlley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber,

Mr. Patten reported from the Committee, to whom Norton and the Petition of Sir Fofier Cunliffe, of A Sion Park, in the pe^onfr . County of Denbigh, Baronet, and of Thomas Brooke, of ported. Norton Priory, in the County Palatine of Chester, Esquire,

Guardians and Trustees of Sir Richard Brooke, of Norton Priory, in the same County, Baronet, a Minor, was referred } That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, it being only for the Purpose of (hutting up, and discontinuing, certain Roads passing through the Grounds of the said Sir Richard Brooke, and near to his Mansion House of Norton Priory aforesaid, and also certain Footpaths leading over the Pleasure Grounds, and near the Gardens, of the said Sir Richard Brooke, and for making and maintaining other Carriage Roads at his foie Expence, to be use«J instead of the present Roads and Footpaths; and' that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed Your Committee, That a Part of the Road leading from Runcorn, in the County of Chester, through Halton and Norton, in the same County, to Warrington, in the County of Lancaster, and lying between the House of William Nor bury, in Halton, and a Cottage in Norton called Wood's Cottage, and also the Road leading from a certain Bridge in Norton aforesaid, called Norton Bridge, into the said first mentioned Road, near a Place called The Lodge, which severally pass through the Grounds of the said Sir Richard Brooks, and near to his Manlion House of Norton Priory aforesaid, and also such Parts of the Footpaths in Norton, as pass over a certain Field called The Butts, and over the Pleasure Grounds of the said Sir Richard Brooke, called Windmill Hill, and also certain other Footpaths leading from the Village of Halton, to certain Lands in Halton aforesaid, called The Doles; and also so much of a certain other Footpath, leading from the first mentioned Road, near the Garden belonging to Norton Priory aforesaid, towards a certain Place in Norton aforesaid, called pidler's as

lies between the said Road and the intended new Road, are now used as Public Roads and Public Footpaths, but the making use of the same is in many Respects inconvenient and injurious to the Property of the said Sir Richard Brooke, and particularly so to the Occupation of his Mansion House of Norton Priory: That the Petitioners are willing and desirous, in case the said Roads and Footpaths be shut up and discontinued, to take upon thern-selves, during the Minority of the said Sir Richard Brooke, and, in cate of his Death under Age, then during the respective Minorities of such of his Brothers as shall severally succeed to the Estate of Not ton Priory, ta make, complete, and maintain, a good Road for the Paflige '

308 i jb Marti. A. 1800.

of Cattle and Carriages from Wood's Cottage aforesaid, to a certain Bridge over the Duke of Bridgewater's Canal, situate near the House of King in Halton aforesaid, and from thence to a certain Lane, called The Summer Lane, leading from the said Bridge to the said Village of Halton, and also a like Road from the said Bridge into the Road leading from Runcorn t<J the Village of Halton aforesaid, and also a like Road from the said Bridge called Norton Bridge, to the said Cottage called Wood's Cottage, there to communicate with the Road first mentioned, leading to WarringtonAnd, the Member added, That the proposed Roads will, in all Respects, be as commodious, and answer the same Purposes, as the Roads and Footpaths intended to be Hopped; and that the Petitioners are willing to oblige themselves, as Guardians and Trustees of the said Sir Richard Brooke, during his Minority, and, in case of his Death under Age, then during the respective Minorities of such of his Brothers as shall severally succeed to the said Estate of Norton Priory; and after the said Sir Richard Brooke shall have attained his said Age of Twenty-one Years, or, in case of his Death under Age, after such of his said Brothers as shall succeed him in the said Estate, shall have attained his Age of Twenty-one Years, that he the said Sir Richard Brooke, or such of his said Brothers as shall so succeed as aforesaid, his Heirs and Assigns, shall, from Time to Time, keep and maintain the said intended new Roads in good and sufficient Repair.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for (hutting up and discontinuing certain Roads and Footpaths leading through the Grounds of Sir Richard Brooke, Baronet, in the Townships of Norton and Holton, in the Parish of Runcorn, and County Palatine of Chester, and for making and maintaining other Roads instead thereof: And that Mr. Patten, Mr. Blackburne < of Lancashire, and Mr. Stanley, dp prepare, and bring in, the fame.

'Wendietwrjr Mr. John Fane reported from the Committee, to whom !»clrted? JlU for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

Wf0 and Common Arable Meadow, Ley Pasture, and Waste

Lands, within the Parish of in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with-, and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

KoadBiii^r Sir John Frederick presented to the House, according ftnud. ,pr to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the) Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Swan Inn at to the

May Pole at the upper End of or Somerset Street, in the Parish of Stoke, near the Town of ,in

the County of Surrey; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

East Horseitjr An ingrafted Bill for separating the Commons or pivision Bill, Waste Grounds of the Manor of in the County of Surrey, which lie in the several Parishes of

East Horseley and Ockham, within the said Manor, and for settling the Rights of Common thereon, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for separating the Commons or Waste Grounds of the Manor of East Horseley, in the County of Surrey, which lie in the several Parishes of East Horseley and Ockham, within the said Manor, and for settling the Rights of Common thereon.

Ordered, That Sir John Frederick do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for more effectually repairing, widen- Migorana ing, and improving the Road from the Village of Magor to the Bridge-foot in the Town of Chepstow, in the paired. County of Monmouth, and several other Roads in the Counties of Monmouth, Gloucester, and Brecon,

was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 84. 1. 15. To leave out from M be" to the End of 1. 16. and insert " dik " posed of as the said Trustees " shall think fit" instead therer of.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving, the Road from the Village of Magor to the Bridge-foot in the Town of Chepjlew, in the County of Monmouth, and several other Roads in the Counties of Monmouth, Gloucester, Hereford, and Brecon, to continue

in Force for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Morgan do carry the Bill to tlje Lords, and desire their Concurirence.

A Bill for making and repairing the Road from the Kineniii Town of Stonehaven, through the Slug-mount, to the new Road,.J^j Bridge over the River Dee at Cobleheugk, in the County commi of Kincardine, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Stuart, Mr. Altardyce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber,

Mr. Saint John presented to the House, according to OversndNe, Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable p:eft"t«i! ' Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Over and Nether Dean, in the County of Bedford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom Bury, &c. the Report was re-committed, which was made from the fittedRepoa Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing so much of an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, turning, varying, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from a certain Dwelling House, in Bury, now or late in the Occupation of

William Walker, Gentleman, to and from

thence to the East End of Salford Bridge, in Blackburn, and also the Road from Hajlingden aforesaid, to the East End of Cockfhut Bridge, in the Town of and

also the Road from Hafingden aforesaid, through New Church and Bacup, to fodmorden, and for making a Road from the said Road between Bury and Hajlingden, in the Township of Walmerfley, to the River Irwell, and for building a Bridge over the said River, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, as relates to the Second District of Road by that Act intended to be amended, widened,

furned,

Geo. III.

17° Marin:

3o 9

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- Su^ly, -

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whoie fcHed House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

turned, varied, altered, and kept in Repair, was referred;

That th.e Committee had further examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, Telative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, so far as relates to the said Second District, and also as relates to tire making of a Branch therefrom at or near a Place called

Foams, in IVofenden Booth, to Edge Side, in the fame

Booth, and another Branch therefrom at or near a Place called Robert's Mid, in BacupBooth, into the Rochdale

Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Spotland, all in the said

County Palatine of Lancaster; and that the Committee had also examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to upon the Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in

them, to the House; and he read the Report in his the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present M.i-

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways and

Menus, tic *

teiicil.

The Order of th.e Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ' *

Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's.Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. William Carr, Junior, being examined, said, That a considerable Prcgrcls has been made in putting the said Act in Execution with regard to the Second Dif-t rift of Road, and a large Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls arising within such District remains due: That the said Act, so far as the same relates to the Second District, is in many Respects defective and insufficient; and that the said Debt cannot be paid off, nor can the Roads be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of th.e said Act be continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged with respect to that District: — And the Witness, being

jesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Relief of the " Poor, within the several Hundreds, Towns, and Diftricks, in that Part of Great Britain called " incorporated by divers Acts of Parliament for the " Purpose of the better Maintenance and Employment " of the Poor; and for enlarging -the Powers of the " Guardians of the Poor within the said several Hundreds. Towns, and Districts, as to the Act'efthients. to " be made upon the several Parishes, Hamlets, and " Places, within their respective Hundreds, Towns, and " Districts, for the Support and Maintenance of the " Poor;"

Resolved, That this House will, upon fVedttefday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

o Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, sute of the further examined, said, That the making of a Road from resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ^cft^becon-and out of the said Second District, at or near a certain ‘ " '

Place called Fear ns, in Wolfenden Booth, to the East End of a Barn, the Property of Mr. Richard Ormerod, situate at Edge Side, in the same Booth, and in the Parish of Whalley aforesaid, will not only be very advantageous to the Public, but will considerably increase the Tolls on the Second District: — And, the Witness further said.

That the Trustees for the Turnpike Road leading from

Burnley to Rochdale, in the said County of Lancaster,

have in Contemplation a Diversion of their said Road within the Township of Spotland, a Communication with which projected Diversion from and out of the said Second District, at or near a certain Place called Robert's

Mill, within Bacup Booth, in the Parish of Whalley, will

be more commodious than the circuitous Road which

take into Consideration the State of the Copper Mines fidered. and the Copper Trade in this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of giving further Encouragement to the Impor- pomtion ot' tation of Corn and Flour, be now read. <-'°rn »>< *

And the said Order being read accordingly; I'lour *

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Wallace took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Wallace reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Refutations; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That -the Report be received Tomorrow

is now travelled, and will materially benefit the Revenue of that District.

Prdered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Morning,

<ontinue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of

an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported to the Answer toAil-His present Majesty, for amending, widening, turning, House, That their Address of Thursday last (that His dref‘ varying, altering, and keeping in Repair, several Roads Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Re-so far as the same relates to the Road from Hajiingden to presentations made to the Privy Council, complaining of Lodmorden, being the Second District of the said Roads, the Want or high Price of Copper, either by the Mer-and for making and maintaining a Branch therefrom, chant, Ship Owners, or Manufacturers) had been pre-at or near a Place called Fearns, in Wolfenden Booth, to fented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had com-Edge Side, in the same Booth, and another Branch manded him to acquaint this House, that He will give

Directions accordingly.

Account of 'Copier purchased for the Navy, ordered *

Bill to encourage the Culture of Potatoes, deferred *

therefrom at or near a Place called Robert's Mill, in Bacup Booth, into the Rochdale Turnpike Road in the Parish of Spotland, all in the said County Palatine of Lancaster: And that Mr. Stanley and Mr. of

Lattcashiredo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity and Prices of the different Articles of Copper purchased for the Use of His Majesty's Navy, from the 29th of April 1799 to the 17th of March 1800; and also, of old Copper delivered in Payment for the new, with the Prices.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole " House, to consider further of the Bill to encourage the " Cultivation of Potatoes on Waste Lands, for a Time to be limited.

Vol. 55.

The House being informed that Sir Stephen Cottrell Papersrefpea-(One of the Clerks of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council) attended at the Door, he was called in; *

and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " Return to the Resolution of the " Honourable the House of Commons, of the 13th of " this Instant,

" That there be laid before this House, Copies of " all Representations made to the Privy Cotm- cil, complaining of the Want or high Price of Copper, either by the Merchant, Ship Owners, or Manufacturers, prepared in pursuance of an Address of the House of Commons to His Majesty.'‘

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

.4 K

Mutiny Bill, deterred.

Motion for Bill for Relief ot i he Poor, withdrawn.

Po^r Removal Bill, ordered.

Swedish Herring Bill, de-fcircd.

Bill for granting Bounties on Importation ot Wheat, &c. re-committed.

Boughton and Whitchurch, &c. Roads Petition, reported.

310 170 — 18 0 1800.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ref lived. That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual Relief of the Poor, for a Time to be limited.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent, for a Time to be limited, the Removal of Ca-l'ual Poor, notwithstanding the y may have received Parochial Relief: And that Mr. Baker, Mr. Eft court, and Sir William Dolben, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to permit, for a Time to be limited, the Importation of Szvedish Herrings into Great Britain.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting Bounties on the Importation of Wheat, Wheaten Flour, and Rice, for a Time to be limited, was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning', Ten of the Clock.

Mart is) 186 die M-artii;

Anno 408 Georgii. IIP11. Regis, 1800. Prayers.

LORD Granville Leveson Gower reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two A As, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King' the Second, and, in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchur, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, and also several other Jloads in the said Acts mentioned, so far as the same AAs relate to the Third District of the said Roads, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with ? and that the Committee had examined the 'Matter of the said Petition, and had directed hirh to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Plajrc; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was.tead.; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read; And,

6;

Mr. James Nelthorp Fowler, being examined, said, That

the Trustees appointed by the said Acts for the Care of the Third District of Roads therein mentioned, have proceeded to put the same into Execution, and have for that Purpose borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken on that District: That the said Money, which is still due and owing, cannot be paid off, nor can the Roads included in the said Third District be properly maintained and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts, so - far as relates to the said District, be continued, and feme of the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts, which have been found dcfeAive and insufficient, altered and enlarged, and feme further Tolls granted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars, at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, and several other Roads therein mentioned, fe far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from Newport aforesaid to the Village or Place called Welfti Harp, in the Township of Stonuall, in the County of Stafford, being the Third District of the said Iliads: And that Lord Granville Leveson and Sir Edward

Littleton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields, Marsh, Meadow, and Waste Lands, in the Manor of„ Forebridge, and in the Parish of Caft/e

Church, in the County of Stafford, and for embanking and draining Part of the said Common Fields, Marfti, Meadow, and Waste Lands, and certain other Low Lands and Grounds, in the said Parish of Cnft/e Church, and in the adjoining Pari (lies, Town ships, and Places of Sow Saint Thomas, otherwise Stint Thomas upon Sow, Coton, Berkfwich, and Saint Mary, in Stafford, in the said

County of Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Granville Leveson Gower, Sir Edward Littleton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Strutt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants and Parishioners of the several Parishes of All Saints and Saint Peter united, Rnd Saint Mary, in the Town of in the County of

Essex, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on Behalf of themselves and other the Inhabitants and Parishioners of the said several Parishes, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for building Bridges, had not been complied with, the Necessity of applying to Parliament for Power to re-build the present Bridge over the River Chelmernot having arilen until after the Time limited for giving the Notices required by the said Standing Orders; and it appeared to the Committee that it is impraAicable to repair the said Bridge, which has been materially injured by the late wet Seafen; and that, there being a great Thoroughfare for Carriages over the fame, much Mischief is likely to ensue if it should any longer remain in its'present State; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Lawrence, being examined, laid. That the Town of Maldon is a County within itself containing the above recited Parishes: That through the Parish of Saint Peter passes the River Chelmer, over which has been a Bridge

Tims

ForrS:

&c. In.'i'i/ure and

Bill, r»nn. mitted.

Maldon

Bridge Petition, repoi

CttneRegi,

rc. Roads Pe-^iuon, reported.

40 Geo. III. 18° Marti311

Time immemorial for Carriages of every Description, but that the said Bridge is become very ruinous, and in great Decay, although several Sums of Money have been expended in repairing the fame, and that the Petitioners, in Consequence of the apparent dangerous State of the said Bridge, have lately caused it to be surveyed, that the real State thereof might be known, and the Expence of repairing or re-building the same precisely ascertained; and find, from the Opinion of a Surveyor, that it is impracticable to repair the same in a substantial Manner; and that a Plan and Estimate have been made for a new Bridge, the Expence whereof will amount to £. 1,172.

18s. 4 d.or thereabouts, which Sum the Parilliioners -and Inhabitants of the said several Parishes are unable to raifo among themselves without the Aid of Parliament; and that the Petitioners conceive the most eligible and Icaft oppressive Mode of defraying the Expence of rebuilding the said Bridge will be by obtaining the Money necessary for that Purpose on Loan from Individuals, and charging the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate within the said before recited Parishes, with Payment thereof, within Ten Years from the paf-ling ofan Atl for that Purpose, to be charged, raised, and levied on such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, by an equal Rate or Assessfnent in Proportion to the Value of such Estates respectively: — And, the Witness further said, That there is a great Thoroughfare over the said Bridge for all Manner of Carriages, the same being situate in a Public Road, and there will be great Danger of its giving way when any Carriage heavy laden pnfies over the fame, or if a Barge in passing under shou'.d strike against it, whereby many Lives may be loft, and great Injury sustained; and that it is become absolutely necessary for the Safety of the Public in general that a new Bridge should be immediately erected.

Mr. Matthew Hal/, a Surveyor, (who made the Plan and Estimate before mentioned) being examined, confirmed the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted that Notices may be given at the next Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden for the County of and Three Times in some One Newspaper, published within the said County in the present Month of and in

the Month of April next, or either of them, of the Application to Parliament for the Purposes mentioned in the said Petition.

Mr. Thomas Fane reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees and Creditors under Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of DorJ'et and Devon, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with (except that One of the Notices in the Exeter and Plymouth Gazette for the County of Devon, was not inferred until the 3d Day of October 1799, owing to the Meeting of the Trustees (when the Order was made for giving the Notices) not having been held until Friday the 13th Day of,

and the next Week's Newspaper for the said County was not published until the following, being

the 19th Day of September; but it appeared to the Committee that the Sherborne and Yeovil Mercury, in which the Notices for the County of DorJ'et had been regularly given, is more generally circulated in the County of Devon than any other Newspaper) j and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's

Voir. 55.,

Table v Where the same was read; and is as followctb j viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties of Dorfei and Devon, leading to and through the Borough of Lyme Regis: And also, an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing and rendering more effectual the said Act, and for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road on UplymeHill to the Turnpike Road at the

Three Ashes, in the PariOi of in the County of

SomerJ'et, and other Roads therein mentioned, called and known by the Name of The Crewkcnie Branch of tht Lyme Regis Turnpike, were severally read; And,

Mr. George Follett, being examined, said, That the Trustees, in executing the said Acts, have expended several considerable Sums of Money, borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls, which still remain due, together with a large Arrear of Interest, and cannot be repaid, nor the several Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Terra, of the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: That the Annual Income arising from the said Tells upon the Crewkenie District of the said Roads has been found insufficient for paying the Interest of the Money borrowed, and executing the other Purposes of the Act: — And, the Witness added, That it would be more convenient and advantageous if both Districts of the said Road were to be incorporated and made One District under proper Regulations, and that it will be necessary to reduce the Tolls payable upon the Carriage of Lime used for the Purposes of Agriculture.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Ring George the Second, and the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of DorJ'et and Devon, leading to and through the Borough of Lyme Regis, and from the Turnpike Road on Hill, to

the Turnpike Road at the T Ashes, in the Parish of \lrewkerne, in the County of Somerset and other Roads therein mentioned: And that Mr. Thomas Fane and Mr. Henry Fane do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. William Dundas presented to the House, accord ing to Order, a Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and repairing certain " Roads in the County of Aberdeen," and for the more effectually amending and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, and other Roads, in the said County, and for levying a Converlion Money in lieu of the Statute Labour, and otherwise regulating the making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Right honourable Peter Lord Gwydir, which was presented to the House upon Thursday last, and then ordered to He upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Copsideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making Wet Docks, Balons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port cf London, is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr.

Aberdeen Roads Bill, pretexted.

Petition of lord CJwydfr referred to Committee oil Lu.ulonDocks, S'c. B.ll, ai'id Cuuniiel ordered.

313

18° Mariii.

A. 1860.

Hiflingden Road Bill)

jJlticUled.

Mr. Shmlti presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His p re lent Majesty, for amending, widening, turning, varying, altering^ and keeping in Repair, fever.il Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, so far as the same relates to the Road from llaftingden to 7 being the Second

Didrift of the said Roads, and for making and maintaining a Brancli therefrom, at or near a Place called Farms, in Wo/fenden Booth, to Edge Side, in the same Booth, and another Branch therefrom, at or near a Place called Robert's Mill, in Booth, into the Rochdale

Turnpike Road in the Parish of all in the said

County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received } and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Thames in0" Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open cioiiire Bilij Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and committed. Waste Lands, in the Parish of Walton upon Thames, and the Manor cf Walton Leigh, in the County of Surrey, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Norton, Sir John Frederick, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Byfleet and A Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Open ItKloforl"till Common Fields, Meadows and Pastures, Commons, committed. and Waste Lands, in the Parishes of Byfleet and IVty -bridge, in the County of Surrey, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Norton, Mr. Robson, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Newton Brom- Mr. Dickins presented to the House, according to Bdlfpresented! Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of , BrjpmJhold, in the County of Northampton, and all'o tuch

of the Open Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Higham Ferrers, in the said County of Northampton, as are called or known by the Names of The Bufcotts and No Man's Leys: And the same was received; and read the Fird Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Noithimpton A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the

Debtors Petition.

County Gaol of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Buriifcombe a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com-cunmuttiB1' ' mons a«d Waste Lands within the Parish of Eurlifcombe, in the County of Devon, was read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

[on, Mr. Bastard, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Aifmouih and Sir Mnttheiv While Ridley reported from the Com-Ainv.ick mittee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term,»and

.-itporwd. altering the Powers and Provisions, of an Act, passed in

the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Alemouth, through Abrocickand Rothbury, to Hexham, and a Branch from the said Road', between Alnwick and , to Jockey's

Dike Bridge, in the County of Northumberland; and also, for altering the Termination of the said Road at the South End thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be itt-grossed.

Mr. Thomas Williams reported from the Committee, New wind, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Pe'

Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of ei' the Town of New Windsor, and Parts adjacent, in the County of Berks, and also of the several Towns and Parishes of Horton, Wyrard'fbury, and Langley, in the County of Bucks, and of HarmondJ'worth, in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with, because the precise Line of the intended Road, mentioned in the Petition, from the Town of New Windsor, over a Bridge, proposed to be built, across the Thames, near Datchet, to join the Turnpike Road from London to Colnbrook, at or near the Sixteenth Mile Stone, could not be settled until it was ascertained at what Place the new intended Bridge was to be erected, and that the Situation of such intended Bridge was not determined upon until the Time limited for giving the Notices required by the said Standing Orders, respecting Turnpike Bilis, was dapled; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the P.eport in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Mem ber present informed Your Committee, That there was an ancient Bridge over the River Thames, at Datchet, in the County of Bucks, which being in a very decayed.

State, at length became impassable, and in Consequence thereof, such Parts which remained were, in the Month, of June 1795, pulled down, whereby great Inconvenience has arisen to the Public, as there has been no convenient Passage over the Thames in that Part of the Country ever since; and that the Petitioners are informed, it is intended to erect a new Bridge over the Thames, in a Situation more convenient and useful for the Public; viz. from a Place called Neville's Bridge, in the Parish of New Windsor, to the opposite Shore near a Place called Southby, in the Panih of Datchet aforesaid, which is at some Distance from the Scite of the former Bridge; and that the said new Bridge will form a Communication between the T«nvns, Parishes, and Places above mentioned, and divers other Parts of the Kingdom: — And, he further said. That it would be a great Benefit and Convenience to the Petitioners, ami others. Inhabitants of the said Towns, Paiiihes, and Places, by making a shorter Communication between the Metropolis, and the said Town of New and be of Public Utility, if a Road were made from the said Town of New Windsor over the said intended Bridge, and from thence to or near Datchet Common Gate, on the Road from Datchet to Stan well, in the County of Middlesex, and if the Road from thence to the Hand Pod at Boyle, were amended, widened, and kept in Repair; and if a new Road were made Irom the said Hand Pod to or near the Sixteenth Mile Stone on the Road from Colnbrook to London, orlomc other convenient Spot on the said lad mentioned Road.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

The

Church Lenfet

Bill, ordered.

'Jfifl to extend Land Tax Redemption A£«, ordered *

40 Geo. III. 18 0 Mar tit,313

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Thirty-second Year of the Reign of King Henry the further extending the Period of Preference granted, and Eighth, intituled, " Lessees to enjoy the Farm against continued by several Acts, to Bodies Corporate and " the Tenants in Tail, might be read. Persons for the Redemption of Land Tax; and for en-

Aqd the same was read accordingly. larging several of the Powers contained in the said Acts:

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in And that Mr. Douglas and Mr. Bragge do prepare, and the First Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, inti- bring in, the lame, tuled, " An Act giving Authority to the Queen's Majesty, upon the Avoidance of any Archbishoprick or The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee on " Bishoprick, to take into her Hands certain of the Tern- resolve itself into a Committee of the wholi House, to coppefMines,

" peral Possessions thereof, recompensing the same with take into Consideration the State of the Copper Mines deferred.

" Parsonages impropriate and Tenths," might be read. and the Copper Trade in this Kingdom;

And the same was read accordingly. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee, the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, " Fraudulent Deeds, made by Spiritual Per- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into " fons to defeat their Successors of Remedy for Dilapi- further Consideration, the Report from the Committee on^imporu *

" dations, shall be void, &c." might be read. of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting »i«n of wheat,

And the same was read accordingly. Bounties on the Importation of Wheat, Wheaten Flour, ^jt‘t^com'

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in and Price, for a Time to be limited, was committed, be the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, now read.

intituled, "An Act for the Continuation, Explanation, And the said Order being read accordingly;

" Perfecting, and Enlarging, of divers Statutes," might And the House being informed, that several other

be read. , Amendments arc necessary to be made to the said Bill;

And the same being read accordingly; Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a explaining and amending the said Acts, so far as re- Committee of the whole House.

Ipefts Leases granted by Archbishops, Bishops, Masters Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, and Fellows of Colleges, Deans and Chapters of Ca- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to thedral and Collegiate Churches, and others having Spi- consider further of the said Bill, ritual Promotion: And that Mr. Douglas and Mr. Attorney General do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Ordered, That a Select Committee be appointed to Stieft Com-

consider of the most effectual Means of facilitating,

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the under the Authority of Parliament, the Inclosure and consider'of Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Improvement of the Waste, Uninclosed, and Unpro- inclosure of jesty, intituled, "An Act for making perpetual, subject duftive Lands,1 Commons, Common Arable Fields, Und '

" to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein Common Meadows, and Common of Pasture, in this " dated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Kingdom; and that they do report the fame, with their " Great Britain as a Land Tax for One Year, from the Opinion thereupon, to the House.

" Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven And a Committee was appointed of Sir " hundred and Ninety-eight," might be read. Mr. Annejley, Mr. Bragge, Mr. ', Mr.

And the same was read accordingly. Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. of

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in Lancashire, Mr. Robjon, the Mader of the Rolls, Mr. the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Lygott,

" enlarge the Time limited for the Redemption of the Mr. Wallace, the Lord the Lord Mun-

* Land Tax; and to explain and amend an Act, made caster, Mr. Dickinson, Mr. Hiley Addington, Sir William " in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Pulteney, Mr. Western, Mr. Abbot, Sir George Augustus " making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Pur- William S Mv.Jolliffe, Mr. Bryan , " chafe in the Manner therein dated, the several Sums Mr. Colquhouu, Sir Henry Paulet Saint John Mildmay;

" of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land and all the Knights for Shires, and Gentlemen of the " Tax for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of Long Robe, in the House: And they are to meet ToMarch One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety- morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's " eight," might be read. Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers,

And the same was read accordingly. and Records.

The House was also moved. That another Act, made Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Com-in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to mittee.

" amend and render more effectual Two Acts, passed in Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to lit,

" the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

" and the present Session of Parliament, for the Redemp-

* tion and Purchase of the Land Tax," might be read. Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, appointed Report E pb-And the same was read accordingly. to enquire what Public General Laws have expired ins ! »»»

The House was also moved, That another Act, made within Twelve Months preceding the Commencement of in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to the present Session of Parliament; and also, what Laws " amend and render more effectual several Acts for the are about to expire within Twelve Months subsequent . " Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax," might to the Commencement of the present Session, or in the be read. Course of the next Session, or at the End thereof, and

And the same was read accordingly. to report the fame, from Time to Time, to the House,

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in with their Opinion which of them are fit to be revived, this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continued, or made perpetual; and to whom the Reextend the Period, limited by an Act of the lad Sef- port which, upon the 12th Day of May 1796, was made " fion of Parliament, for the Benefit of Preference to from the Committee who were appointed to inspect and " certain Bodies, Companies, and Persons, in contract- consider all the Temporary Laws of a Public Nature exing for the Redemption of Land Tax, until the pired or expiring, was referred; That the Committee had " Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight made a further Progress, and had come to several other " hundred," might be read. Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to

And the same being read accordingly > the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and

V 01.55. 4 L afterwards

314 18° Martii. A. 1800.

afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read j and are as followeth; viz'.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain " Species of Rrilish and Irish Linens exported, and tak- ing off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign.

Raw Linen Yarns, made of Flax," which said Act was, by Two other Acts of the Tenth and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty extended and continued until the 24th Day of June 1786, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, was further continued until the 24th Day of June 1800, is near expiring, and fit to be continued. '

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign-made Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom, and for charging all Foreign-made Sails with a Duty, and for explaining a Doubt concerning Ships being obliged, at their first setting out to Sea, to be furnished with one complete Set of Sails made of Sail Cloth, which was to continue in Force, from the 24th Day of June 1746, for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which by several subsequent Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and of the Sixth, Fourteenth, Twenty-second, Twenty-ninth, and Thirty-fbcth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1799, and, from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for further encouraging and regulating the " Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and for the more " effectual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign " Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdopi," which: was to continue in Force, from the 24th Day of June 1736, for the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Thirteenth, Twenty-fourth, and Thirty-first: Years of his said Majesty's Reign, and the Fourth, Twelfth, Eighteenth, and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1792, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and by another Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was amended and lurthiy continued until the 29th Day of September 1795, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which was by another Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued until the 29th Day of September 1799, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to continue an Act, made in the " Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen " Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Encourage-

* ment of the making of Sail Cloth in Great ,"

which was to continue in Force until the 29th Day of September 1767, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which by Three Acts, made in the Eighth, Fourteenth, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1788,

and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and by an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was amended, and further continued until the 29th Day of September 1795, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and by another Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 29th Day of.

1799, and from thence to the End of the then next Session, of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,. That so much and such Part of an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for better securing the Duties- on, " Glass," as was to have Continuance until the 5th. Day of July 1797, and which was continued by Three Acts, of the Thirty-seventh, Thirty-eighth, and Thirty-, ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, until the 5th Day of July 1800, is near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to empower the " Importers or Proprietors of Rum or Spirits of the " British Sugar Plantations to land the same before " Payment of the Duties of Excise charged therepn, an4 " to lodge the same in Warehouses at their own Expence, and for the Relief of Ralph Barrozv, in respect " to the Duty on some Rock Salt loft by the'overflovving of the Rivers Weaver and Dane," as relates to thcLanding of Rum or Spirits of the Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties of Excise, and to the Lodging of the same in Warehouses at the Expence of the Importers or Proprietors thereof, which was to continue in Force from the 29th Day of September 1744 to the 29th Day of September 1749, and from thence tq the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which by several subsequent Acts, of the Twenty-third and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and the Fourth, Eleventh, and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1785, and Irony thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which by an Act, made in (he Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was amended, and further continued until the 29th Day of September 1792, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which was by another Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued until the 29th Day of September 1799, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs, and of the Naval Officers in the British.Colonies in America, which was to be in Force from the id Day of 1770, for the Term of Two Yeats, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by Four Acts, made in the Twelfth, Fourteenth, Nineteenth, and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 1 ft Day of August 1786, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and also so much of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, ns relates to the Fees of the Officers of the Customs in the Island of Newfoundland, which was to continue in Force so long as the said Act of the Tenth of His present Majesty, a,nd which were revived and continued by an Act of the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved,

Report from Committee on Encouragement to Importation of Coen and Flour.

ChurchrLeafts

Hill, presented,

40 Geo. III. i8? — 15

Resolved, Tint it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " prohibiting the Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns into this Kingdom, not being of the Manufacture of Ireland', except for the Purpose of being

* Warehoused for Exportation," which was to continue in force until Thirty Days after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, and which was, by Two other Acts, made in the Thirty-eighth and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, continued until the 25th Day of March 1800, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The Four First Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were postponed.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put 'thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill or Biils.pursuant to the Resolutions of the Committee which have been agreed to by the Floufe: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, iThat this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Acts mentioned in the Four First Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been poftpoped.

Mr. Wallace, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Corn and Flour, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read j and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,. That, whenever the Average Price of Wheat, ascertained and published in The London Gazette, under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament, shall be less than Eighty-five Shillings per Quarter, there shall be given, on every Quarter of Wheat which shall be imported into Great Britain, from any of the Ports of the Baltic, or from any of the Ports of Germany, or any Ports North of the Texet, before the ill: Day of October 1800, a Bounty equal to the Difference between such Average Price in The London Gazette and Eighty-five Shillings/w Quarter of Wheat.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Average Price of Wheat, ascertained and published in The London Gazette, under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament, shall be less than Ninety Shillings per Quarter, there shall be given, on every Quarter of Wheat which shall be imported into Great Britain, from the Port of Archangel, before the ill Day of October 1800, a Bounty equal to the Difference between such Average Price in The London Gazette and Ninety Shillings per Quarter of Wheat.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting Bounties on the Importation of Wheat, Wheaten Flour, and Rice, for a Time to be limited, is re-committed, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions.

Mr. L>oug/as presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for.explaining and amending several Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of King Henry the Eighth, and the First, Thirteenth, and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as respects Leases granted by Archbishops, Bishops, Mailers and Fellows of Colleges, Deans and Chapters of Cathe-

Vol. 55.

0 Mar Hi. 315

dral and Collegiate Churches, and others having Spiritual Promotion: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, Tint the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Alunday the 21st Day of April next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Thursday last, for reading the Third Time, Tomorrow, the ingrossed Bill for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing the Sum of Three Millions, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred,( might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next.

The Floufe, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. '

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amend-ments-thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.,

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Th^ other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to permit, for a Time to be limited, the Importation of SivedHerrings into Great Britain.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

— ... ——

Mercurii, 190 die Martii;

Anno 40® Georgii IIIUI Regis, 1800.

Prayers.

MR. John Smyth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wakefield to in the Wett

Riding of the County of YorAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second

Sir William Geary presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King the Second,

to enable the Justices of the Peace acting for the Western Division of the County of Kent to purchase a convenient Piece of Ground for building a Gaol for the said County, and for empowering the said Justices to apply Part of the County Stock of the said Division towards the fame, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And tire same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 27th Day of this Instant March.

The

Bank Agree Hunt BUI, deferred.

Committee on re-committed Mutiny Bill.

Swedish Herrings Bill, deferred *

Wakefield and Aurtcrlands Road Bill, presented.

Kent Gaol Bill, pt dented.

A. 1800.

316

190 Marlii.

Lords Amend- The House proceeded to take into Confederation the IhornVndofuw Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled. Bill, agreed to An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of By thorn, in the County of Huntingdon.

And the said Amendments were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 32.1. 2. After " by" insert " any."

1. 3. Leave out " his Hand and Seal" and insert " their Hands."

Pr. 46.1. 7. Leave out from " whatsoever" to the End of the Clause.

Pr. 59. 1. 15. Leave out from " intended" to " and" in Line 26.

Pr. 62.1. 26. Leave out " said " and in the same Line after " Proprietors" insert " who shall attend."

Pr. 63. 1. 4. Leave out " said" and in the same Line after " Proprietors" insert " who may attend."

1. 10. After " Proclamation" insert " and " not before."

1.

1

12. J

for the Purpose of Ap-

Leave out " peal."

After " Majority" insert " in Value," and, in the same Line, leave out from Proprietors" to " to" in Line 34, and insert " who shall be " present at the First Meeting."

| Leave out " or any Two of them."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Lord Frederick Montagu dp carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Pr. 72.1. 31.

Pr. 73.1. t. & 2.

Rights are Forty-one, and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr.

Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Cantley and Jtngham, in the County of Norfolk, and for draining and preserving the fame, and also certain Marsh Lands, within the said Parishes; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of ,in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Langley, in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Thorpe next Norwich, in the County of Norfolk, and in the County of the City of Norwich; with an Amendment to the Title of the said Bill; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Louis have agreed to

Cantley, &c. Inclcfure and Drainage fi ll,

SalhoTifeln-cloiuic Bill.

Langley Tn-clolure Bill.

Thorpe In clolure Bill, with an Amendment *

Argyll Road A Bill for explaining, amending, and continuing an Bill, commit, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing the " Highways and Bridges in the Shire of Argyll," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord John Campbell, Mr. Douglas, &c.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Report on The House was moved. That the Report which, upon ^Vetition, Thursday last, was made from the Committee, to whom ^committed', the Petition of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, was referred, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred.

Snettifliam In- Sir Martin Browne Folkes reported from the Commit-terorted?111' tee> to w^10m the Bill for inclosing, dividing, and allotting Two certain Tracts of Land, now held and used as Stinted Common of Pasture, within the Parish of Snct-tisham ,in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Six Common Right's, who Tcfufed to sign the Bill, and the Number of Common

Mr. John Fane reported from the Committee, to whom Bkudum Ti . the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, lying within the Parish of Bloxham, in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 13 f Yard Lands, 16 £ odd Acres, 14 Cottage Commons, and Highway Lots, who were neuter; and that the whole Property of Persons interested in the Inclosure consists of 126 £ Yard Lands, 131 iodd Acres, 60 Cottage Commons, and 49 Highway Lots; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Douglas presented to the House, according to Bill to extend Order, a Bill for further extending the Period of Preference granted, and continued by several Acts, to Bodies preiemed. Corporate and Persons for the.Redemption of the Land Tax 1

At-Ieburgh

Writ.

40 Geo. III. 190 Martii. 317

Tax; and for enlarging several of the Powers contained in the said Acts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second T>me Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Aldeburgh, in the County of in the room of Michael Angelo , Esquire, who,

since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, , and in the County of Buckingham.

Mr. Long presented to the House, by His Majesty's Account , See. Command, ?«

An Account of the Excess beyond the Sum granted Secret Service, in the last Session of Parliament, for His Majesty's Secret Service Abroad, for the Year 1799: And also.

An Estimate of the Expences likely to be incurred for Printing of printing the Journals of the House of Commons, for J unai to-printing and delivering the Votes, and for printing Bills,

Reports, and other Papers, by Order of the House of Commons, for Session 1799 — 1800: And also.

An Account of the Expences attending the Purchase Housefordepo-of a House, in Abingdon Street, for depositing the Jour- fit ngjoun»lt. nals of the House of Commons.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Estimate were read.

The said Accounts and Estimate are as followeth; vi % .

An ACCOUNT of the Excess beyond the Sum granted in the last Session of Parliament, for His Majesty's

Secret Service Abroad, for the Year 1799.

Thirteen Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy-nine Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 19th March 1800.

Charles Long.

9

An E S T I M A T E of the Expences likely to be incurred for printing the Journals of the House of Commons, for printing and delivering the Votes, and for printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, by Order of the House of Commons, for Session 1799 — 1800.

Eight Thousand Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 19 th March 1800.

Charles Long.

An ACCOUNT of the Expences attending the Purchase of a House, in Abingdon , for depositing the

Journals of the House of Commons.

For the Purchase of the House ——

For the necessary Repairs and additional Buildings that will be requisite For One Year's Ground Rent' to Michaelmas 1800 -

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 19th March 1800.

Charles Long.

VOL. 55.

4M

£ St

- 1,035

- 520

h 5°

M ON O Va 1 1

- 92

jC- 1,697

Ordered,

Land Tax

Commissioners Bill, deterred.

Foot kellef Bill, deferred.

Mutiny re-

committtd Bill,

reported.

Committee on certain Expiring Laws.

318 19 0 Mar hi.

Ordered, T\&t the said Accounts and Estimate do lie Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Morning;

House. _

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, defer-The Order of the Day being read, for the House to to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to red- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Bill for appointing Commissioners to put in F.xecu- be now read.

tion an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An And the said Order being read accordingly;

" Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a RefoThat this House will, upon Friday Morn Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

" England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed,

" and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways and " for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hun- to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, j^eans> defa'‘ " dred," together with those named in Two former to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax; Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- And the said Order being read accordingly; night, resolve itself into the said Committee. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to re-lblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of-

Bitl to continue and amend an Act, made in the Thirty- Account of the Quantity of Wrought Copper exported copper sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, during the Year 1799, stating the real and nominal Va- ported.

An Act for the better Relief of the Poor, within the lue thereof, and distinguishing the Countries to which M several Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, in that Part the same has been exported.

" of Great Britain called England, incorporated by divers Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Bras and " Acts of Parliament for the Purpose of the better Main- Account of the Quantity of Brass and Plated Goods p»'ed Goo<" tenance and Employment of the Poor; and for en- exported during the Year 1799, stating the real and nolarging the Powers of the Guardians of the Poor minal Value thereof, and distinguishing the Countries to " within the said several Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, which the same has been exported.

" as to the Assessments to be made upon the several Pa- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an ^PPjr.PMrrilhes, Hamlets, and Places, within their respective Account of the Quantity of Copper purchased for the ordnLcT.the " Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, for the Support and Use of His Majesty's Ordnance, from the Year 1788 to Maintenance of the Poor," be now read. 15th March 1799; dillinguithing each Year, and the

And the said Order being read accordingly; Prices paid in each Year.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, f

resolve itself into the said Committee. Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Addicts for

His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleated to give ciTpe"used iq Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Directions, that there be laid before this House, an. the Pi«eCoia-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Account of the Quantity and Prices of all Copper used 6® punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better in the late Copper Coinage, from June 1797 to 17th Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was re-com- March 1800.

mitted, the Amendments which the Committee had Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of Hi»

Report to the House; and he read the Report in his Majesty's Moll honourable Privy Council.

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

Amendments, in at the Clerk'sTable: Where the Amend- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee 00

mentswere Once read throughout; and then a Second to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, BUMor^rlnt-Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally to consider further of the Bill for granting Bounties on ing Bounties put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. the Importation of Wheat, Wheaten Flour, and Rice, wiroT&c!

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- for a Time to be limited, be now read, grossed. And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

To-morjow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in- Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

grossed. Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That the Order of tho Day, for the House to Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to had gone through "the Bill, and made several other consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to report, when the House will please to receive the for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of Britifkfame, and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on Ordered, That the Report be received To-morro\V the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns, made of Morning.

Flax; and also, of several Acts, made in the Ninth,

Nineteenth, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his The other Order of the Day being read;

.said late Majesty, relating to the Manufacture of British The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Committee o«

Sail Cloth, and the Duties payable on Foreign Sail whole House, to consider further of the Bill to en- ''j.1t[°

Cloth imported into this Kingdom, be now read. courage the Cultivation of Potatoes on Waste Lands, ture ot Pou-

And the said Order being read accordingly; for a Time to be limited. ,oes *

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

' Mr. Speaker.left the Chair. _ Mr. Ef court took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Bragge, took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Mr. reported from the Committee, That they

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-had come to several Resolutions; which they had direct- ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report,

«d him to leport, when the House will please to receive when the House will please to receive the same, the same. Order, That the Report be now received.

- Mr. Ef court

40 Geo. III. 19° — 200 Martii. 310

reported. Mr. E/lcourt accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read. '

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the ' Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis> 20° die Martii;

Anno 40° Georgii IIP1' Regis, i 800.

Prayers.

tyme Regis, ] % /f" R- Thomas Fane presented to the House, accord-&c. Roads xVJL ing to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and ill, pieieoie . ajtering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and , leading to and through the Borough of Lyme Regis, and from the Turnpike Road on Uplyme Hill, to the Turnpike Road at the Three Ashes, in the Parish of Crewkerne, in the County of SomerJ'et, and other Roads therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Halifax and An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and al-a tering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in itid, pass«d! the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending, the Roads from the Town of Halifax, and from Sower by Bridge, in the County of York, by Todmorden, to Burnley and Littleborough, in the County of was read the

"Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years,'and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending, the Roads from the Town of Halifax, and from Sower by Bridge, in the County of York, by Todmordeti, to Burnley and Littleborough, in the County of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. John Smyth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

fi

Norton and Mr. Patten presented to the House, according to Or-^er> a Bill for shutting up, and discontinuing certain Roads and Footpaths leading through the Grounds of

Sir Richard Brooke, Baronet, in the Townships of Norton and Halton, in the Parish of and County

Palatine of Chester, and for making and maintaining other Roads instead thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

' VOL. 55.

Mr. John Fane reported from the Committee, to whom Witney, &c. the Bill for amending, altering, improving, and keeping Roads RlI1» in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road repore ' in fVitneyto the Turnpike Road on Swerford Heath, and

also the Road leading from the Turnpike Road from Woodflock to Birmingham, through to the

Turnpike Road from Chipping Norton to Bur ford, all in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by'

One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Michael Le Fleming reported from the Committee, Heron Syke to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole ^t^Roa Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of £1- Petition, relates, and Inhabitants, respectively, within the County P00 4, of Westmorland, and several of them Trustees, appointed under the Acts thereinafter mentioned, was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening and repairing the High Road leading from Heron Syke, which divides the Counties of Lancaster and , to the

Town of Kirkbyin Kendal, and from the said Town of Kirk-by in Kendal, through the Town of Shap, to in the said County of Westmorland, were read: And,

Daniel JVilfon, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Trustees for the Care of the said Roads have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed several Sums of Money upon th^ respective Tolls thereby granted, which Money now remains due, and' cannot be paid off, and the Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, and some Amendments and Alterations made therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed for widening and repairing the High Road leading from Heron Syke, which divides the Counties of Lancaster and Westmorland, to the Town of Kirkbyin Kendal, and from the said Town of Kirkby in Kendal, through the Town of Shap, to Emont Bridge, in the said County of JVftmorland: And that Sir Michael Le Fleming and Mr. James Lowther do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

General Lennox presented to the House, according to Newhave and Order, a Bill to alter, amend, and enlarge, the Powers of an Act, passed in the'Thirty-first Year of the Reign of age Bin, pre-His present Majesty King George the Third, for improv- fcnted ing the Navigation of the River Ouse, between New-haven Bridge and Lewes Bridge, in the County of and for the better draining of the Low Lands lying in Lewes and Laughton Levels, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whosoHouse, to whom it was refer- cCTuin E^,ir°-n

red ing Law.

32o ad9 Marth. 1800.

red toconsider of an Act-, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns, made of Flax; and also, of several Acts, made in the Ninth, Nineteenth, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, relating to the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and the Duties payable on Foreign Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterward s delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That^in Ad, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain " Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw " Linen Yams, made of Flax," which said Act was, by Two other Acts of the Tenth and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, extended and continued until the Twenty-fourth Day of June 1786, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, was further continued until the 24th Day of June 1800, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign-made Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom, and for charging all Foreign-made Sails with a Duty, and for explaining a Doubt concerning Ships being obliged, at theif first setting out to Sea, to be furnished with One complete Set of Sails made of British Sail Cloth, which was to continue in Force, from the 24th Day of June 1746, for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and of the Sixth, Fourteenth, Twenty-second. Twenty-ninth, and Thirty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the Twenty-ninth Day of September 1799, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign " Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom," which was to continue in Force, from the 24th Day of June 1736, for the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Thirteenth, Twenty-fourth, and Thirty-first Years of his said Majesty's Reign, and the Fourth, Twelfth, Eighteenth, and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1792, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and by another Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was amended and further continued until the 29th Day of September 1795, and from thence to the JEnd of the then next Session of Parliament, and which was by another Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued until the 29th Day of September 1799, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to continue an Act, made in the " Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen " Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Encourage-

" ment of the making of Sail Cloth in Great ,"

which was to continue in Force until the 29th Day of September 1767, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which by Three Acts, made in the Eighth, Fourteenth, and Twenty -second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1788, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and by an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was amended and further continued until the 29th Day of September 1795, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and by another Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1799, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions which, upon last, were reported from the Committee, appointed to enquire what Public General Laws have expired within Twelve Months preceding the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament; and also, what Laws are about to expire within Twelve Months subsequent to the Commencement of the present Session, or in the Course of the next Session, or at the End thereof, and were then agreed to by the House, that they do make Provision in the said Bill or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions now reported, and agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingossed) for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for further extending the Period of Preference granted, and continued by several Acts, to Bodies Corporate and Persons for the Redemption of the Land Tax; and for enlarging several of the Powers contained in the said Acts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of giving Encouragement to the Importation of Oats and Oatmeal into this Kingdom.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the nth Day of this Instant March, for the House to refolye itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow,

Mutiny Bill# paired.

Bill to extend Land Tax Re-demptionA&t, committed *

Encouragement to Importation of Oats and Oatmeal, to be considered.

Committee 04 East India Company' Revenue Accounts deferred *

40 Geo. III. 20 Martii. 321

- morrow, to consider of the several Accounts and Papers, which were presented to the House, upon the 3d Day of February last, by Mr. G (from the Directors of the 'East India Company) might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Morn-

' ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee ap- Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare ^re'lfit'imate an Estimate of the Expence of Allowances to be made o^Aiiowancej to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants, of the Mi-» Adjutants, litia, disembodied in pursuance of an Act of the present &c. of Militia, Session of Parliament.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr. Steele, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Voiuntw The House was moved. That an Act, made in the

£t,|Biundo'm' thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Sped.' or intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty " on Certificates issued for using Hair Powder," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for indemnifying Persons serving in Volunteer Corps, who have omitted to take out Certificates for wearing Hair Powder, and to amend so much of the said Act as relates to the exempting Persons serving in Volunteer Corps from the said Duty: And that Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr. Hujkijjon, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Committee on The House was moved, That the Order, made upon copper Mines, Tuesday last, for the House to resolve itself into a'

Itc, deferred. ' Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow, to take into Consideration the State of the Copper Mines and the Copper Trade in this Kingdom, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

-P°°r Removal Mr. Baker presented to the House, according to Bill, prtisnted. Order, a Bill to prevent, for a Time to be limited, the Removal of Casual Poor, notwithstanding the y may have received Parochial Relief: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bul.rKelltf to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Relief of the " Poor, within the several Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, in that Part of Great Britain called England, incorporated by divers Acts of Parliament for the of the better Maintenance and Employment of " the Poor; and for enlarging the Powers of the Guardians of the Poor within the said several Hundreds, " Towns, and Districts, as to the Assessments to be made " upon the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, within: " their respective Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, for the " Support and Maintenance of the Poor," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;-

The House resolved itself into thp said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dickins took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dickins reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-.

Voj.. 55. '

inents thereunto; which they had dtredled him lo report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tu-morrow Morning.

An ingossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering Glcnwhe't, the Powers and Provisions, of an Act, palli d in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Carlisle and Newcastle upon Tyne Turnpike Road, near to

another Part of the said Carlisle and Road

upon Shildon Common, in the County of and for altering the Termination of the said Road at the West End thereof, and extending the same to, or near to, Glenwheft, in the said County; and for making,

and repairing a Branch Road from the said Road at Ccr-bridge to the Military Road at Heddoi on the in the said County of Northumberland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Glenwhelt, through Haltwhifile, Hexham, and , to the Military Road near Shildon Bar, and for making and repairing a Branch Road from aforesaid to

Heddon on the Wall, all in the County of Northumberland. J

Ordered, That Mr. Btirdon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing the Term, and- alter- Hexham and ing the Powers and Provisions, of.an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Summer Rods Bar, near the Town of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Alfion, in the County of Cumberland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do-pass: And that the Title be. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Summer Rods Bar, near the Town of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of in'

the County of Cumberland.

Ordered, That Mr. Burdon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Bill for grant-Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting Bounties on the Importation of of Wheat, Wheaten Flour, and Rice, for a Time to be deferred, limited, was re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bill 10 enable enable Courts of Equity to compel a Transfer of Stock Equity t'oeom. in Suits, without making the Governor and Company of pet a Tr.mstlr the Bank of England Party thereto: And that Mr. Simeon, j^jcck' or‘ the Matter of the Rolls, Mr. Bragge, Mr. Manning, eie ' and Mr. Samuel Thornton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. N

\ -

Lord Viscount Stopford reported to the House, That' Answer toAd-their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be dreU" graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity and Prices of all Copper ailed in the late Copper Coinage, from June 1797 to 17th March 1800) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Bragge presented to the House, according tb C^mbrleki Order, a Bill to continue, tot- a Time to be limited, an ®!,»P'e,‘nlf,3v Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for prohibiting the Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns into this Kingdom, iiot be-

4 N . ing

3Jsi 20° — 21

ing of the Manufacture of ,except for the Purpose of being Warehoused for Exportation: And the tame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second

Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time, committed. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris,

Anno 40 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1800.

Praters.

Lord Amatd- ^pHE House proceeded to take into Consideration " * , X Amendment made by the Lords to the Title fureSai, of the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, 9 and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Thorpe next in the County of

Norfolk, and in the County of the City of Norwich.

And the hud AnrlSndment was read, and is as follow? eth; viz.

In the Title of the Bill,

L ult. Leave out " Norfolk and insert "

" wick."

m The laid Amendment, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

N. B. The Word " Norfolk" mentioned in the said Amendment, was written through Mistake for " by the In-

growing Clerk, when he wrote the Title upon the ingrafted Bill, after it had passed the House j but it appeared that the Title on the Paper Bill was right, as well as the Entries on the several _ Stages of the Bill.-Ordered, That Sir Martin Browne Folkes do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lord-ihip3 to the Title of the said Bill.

w nfci Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to

Bridge Bill, Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for building a Bridge across the " River Tawey, at a Place called The Wich , in the Parish of Lanfamlettto the opposite Shore in the " Parish of Llangevelach, in the County of Glamorgan,

" for making piopcr Avenues or Roads to and from the " said Bridge, and also for repairing.and widening the " Road from Pentre Bnear a Place called Aberd- wyberthy, in the Parish of Saint John's, near Swansea, to the said intended BridgeAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Heporton New The House was moved, That the Report which, KmfoT k° uP°n Tuesday last, was made from the Committee to cowmutsd. whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town of NewIVindfor, and Parts adjacent, in the County of

9

'Matin. 1800.

Berks, and also of the several Towns and Parishes of Horton, JVyrardisbury, and Langley, in the County of

Bucks, and of Harmondfwor(k, in the County of Mid-

dle Jex, was referred, ana which was then ordered to lief upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Bur don reported from the Committee, who mere Report <mG appointed to take into Consideration an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Aiu! jesty, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the Statutes now " in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the " Public Highways within that Part of Great Britain ‘‘.called England, and for other Purposes;" and also, an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more " effectually repaving of such Parts of the Highways " of this Kingdom as are to be repaired by Two Pa- rilhesand also, another Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for varying some of the Provisions " in an Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, respecting the Public Highways within " that Part of Great Britain called England, which relate to the Performance of Statute Dutyand also, an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain,

" amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the " General Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called " England, and for other Purposes and to report their Observations, together with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had considered the said Acts accordingly, and had come to several Resolutions thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it would tend to the more effectual Execution of the Laws for the Preservation of the Highways, if Commissioners were appointed, in certain Cafes, with the same Powers and Authorities as the Justices of the Peace now exercise at their Special Highway Sessions, and were to hold Meetings within their respective Limits or Divisions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it should be competent for the Justices of the Peace, of any Limit or Division, assembled at their Special SelEons of Highways, to apply to the Justices of the County, at their next General Quarter Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, by any Writing under their Hands, to appoint Commissioners of Highways, not being Turnpikes, within their Limit or Division; and that the Justices, at their General Quarter or Adjourned Sessions, should appoint Commissioners, provided One Month previous Notice shall have been given, by the Clerk of the said Justices, in (bme Newspaper, usually circulated within such County, of such intended Application, and in case it shall appear to the Justices, at their laid General Quarter or Adjourned Sessions, that the major Part of the Justices, of the Limit or Division so applying, do concur in the said Application.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That such Commissioners should conlift of the Justices of the Peace a^ing for such Limit or Division, together with such Persons as may be appbinted by the General Quarter Sessions, and that they should be required to have a proper Qualification.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee *

That the Special Highway Sessions of the Justices, and the

40 Geo. III. ai° M. 323

the Meetings of the Commissioners, where Commissioners shall be appointed, should be holden by Adjournments, not exceeding the Space of Three Calendar Months.

Resolved', That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Clerk of the Justices, at their Special Highway Sessions, should aft as Clerk to the Commissioners, where Commissioners may be appointed to meet; and that the Proceedings of the Justices or Commissioners, in their respective Limits or Divisions, should be returned to {he Clerk of the Peace annually, at the Michaelmas General Quarter SeiEons.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Justices of the Peace, at their Special Highway Sessions, or the said Commissioners, should have Power to appoint, at their Discretion, a superintending Surveyor or Surveyors, with a Salary, for the Whole, or for any Part of their Limit or Division, proportioning his or their Salary among the Parishes, Townships, or Places, to which he or they shall be appointed within the said Limit or Division, so as that the said Salary, together with any Salary which may be allowed to any Parish or Township Surveyor, if any such Surveyor shall be appointed with a Salary, do not in the Whole exceed One-eighth Part of a Rate of Six Pence in the Pound, as limited by the Act of 13 III. Cap. 78. Sec. t.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in Parishes where Two or more Surveyors shall have been appointed, and pach has Charge of the Roads of a feporate District, the whole Parish should be responsible for the Whole of the Roads, unless the several Districts should have separate Overseers, and provide (Separately for the Maintenance of their Poor.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that all Assessments which, by the Act of 13 Geo. III. Cap. 78. the Justices at their Special Highway Sessions are empowered to charge upon the Parishes, Townships, or Places, within their Limit or Division, should be charged by the General Quarter Sessions, or feme Adjournment thereof, upon the usual Application of the Surveyor or Surveyors of such Pa-Tilhes, Townships, or Places, or of the Surveyor, with a Salary appointed, by the Justices or Commissioners, to the said Justices at their Special Sessions, or to the said Commissioners at their Meetings, and upon their Certificate to the General Quarter or Adjourned Sessions, of the same being necessary.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Laws now in Force are insufficient for the Removal of Obstructionss by Snow or otherwise.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Justices of the Peace, at their Special Sessions, or the said Commissioners, should have Power to direct the Highways to bfc opened within their respective Limits or Divisions, in Cafes of Obstructions by Snow, in 0 a summary Manner, and to order Payment of such Sums as may be expended for that Purpose out of any Compositions. Forfeitures, or Rates of the Parish, Township, or Place, inhere such Obstructions may occur, provided that no such Order should be made, unless the Highway so to be opened be an Highway leading from Market Town to Market Town, and that the Expences of clearing away the said Obstructions should in no same amount to more than a Sum equal in the Whole to an Assessment of Six Pencefii the Pound upon such Parish", Township, or Place, which Assessment the Justices or Commissioners may, by Application to the next General Quarter Sessions, be empowered to levy, or may take out of the Composition, paid in lieu of the Statute Labour within such Parish, Township, or Place, according to the Circumstances of the Cafe.

Rcjclved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in case of any wilful or negligent Obstruction in ary Road which may require immediate Removal, the Surveyor should have Power to remove the fame, at the VOL. 55.

Expence of the Person causing such Obstruction, without giving previous Notice for such Removal.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Justices of the Peace, at their Special Highway Sessions, or the said Commissioners, should have Power (on the Application of the Inhabitants of any Parish, Township, or Place, within their Limit or Division, or the major Part of them, convened' at their usual Place of Meeting, proper Notice thereof having been given) to apply to the General Quarter Sessions for an Assessment, not exceeding Annually the Rate which the Quarter Sessions are now authorized to im-

?>(e, to be laid upon the said Parish, Township, or lace, for a limited Number of Years, and that the said Justices of the Peace, at their Special Highway Sessions, or the said Commissioners, should have Power to borrow Money upon the Assessment so laid for the Repair of the Highways within such Parish, Township, or Place, and to appoint the Person or Persons to whom, any Money so borrowed shall be entrusted, which Money so to be borrowed, the Justices, or Commissioners aforesaid, should cause to be paid off, by Instalments, out of the said Assessment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Laws now in being are insufficient, with respect to such Highways as are repaired Ratione Tenure?.

Resolved, That it Is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Justices of the Peace, at their Special Highway Sessions, or the said Commissioners, should have Power to agree with such Persons as are liable to the Repair of the Highways Ratione for a certain

Number of Years, as to the Duty to be performed, and the Sums to be paid, for the Purpose of repairing such Highways.

Resolved, That it is tlje Opinion of this Committee, That, in case the Persons liable to the Repair of Roads Ratione Tenura shall refuse or neglect to enter into an

Agreement with the Justices of the Peace, at their Special Highway Sessions, or with the Commissioners, at their Meeting of Highways, it should be lawful for the said Justices or Commissioners to present the fame, with their Proceedings thereon, to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, giving, at the lead. Ten Days previous Notice thereof to the Persons so refusing or ne-glefting; and, in case the said Persons shall appear to traverse the said Presentment, then the same should be tried, at the General Quarter Sessions, by a Jury of the Country, as to the Fast of the proposed Agreement being reasonable, and such as ought to have been ac- , cepted, upon whose Verdict the Justices, at Quarter Sessions, should ground their Order for the Statute Work, or Composition in lieu of the Repair Ratione Tenura, which Order should be final and conclusive, provided that, in case the Verdict of such Jury shall be in Favour of such Person so presented, he should be allowed his reasonable Costs and Charges out of the County Rates, or in case the said Persons shall not appear, or shall submitto the Determination of the Justices, then the said Agreement should be thenceforth valid and conclusive, and the Surveyor or Surveyors, appointed by the said Justices or Commissioners, should continue thenceforth, until the End of the Term for which such Agreement purports to be made to require, and call out the Labour and Composition of such Persons so repairing the Highways Ratione , under

the same Provisions and Penalties as are in Force relative to the Statute Labour and Composition of Parishes, Townships, or Places, by the existing Laws.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that the same Powers, which the Surveyor or Surveyors are now authorized to exercise for procuring Materials to repair the Highways, should be extended for the procuring of Materials to repair Highways Ratione Tenura, and that, in certain Cafes, upon

the

Tanfield Jn-iclosure Bill, j>resented.

Wendlcbury Inclosure Bill, passed.

324 ai° Martii. , i8co.

the Confines of Counties, Ridings, Limits, or Divisions, the Powers of procuring Materials ought to be extended and enlarged.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Provisions relative to Removal of Obstructions, and also those respecting the Repair of Highways Ra-tione Tennr.-e, ought to be extended to the Turnpike Roads, with a Power to the Commissioners of Turnpikes to apportion the Expence of removing such Obstructions between the Trust and the Parish, Township, or Place, where they have occurred.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Rate of Composition for Statute Duty, as fixed by the Laws now in being, ought to be advanced in some Proportion to the advanced Value of Labour.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Justices of the Peace, at their General Quarter Sessions, should have Power to order any Expences incurred by the Justices or Commissioners, under this or the General Highway Ad, by the Presentment of Roads, or other Proceedings relative to the Repair of Highways, to be paid out of the General County Rates.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Restrictions of the General Highway Ad, as to the Number of Horsesand other Beasts of Draught, to be used in Waggons and Carts upon the Highways, are insufficient.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Carriage of Timber Trees upon the Turnpike Roads, during the Winter Months, ought to be fub-jeded to additional Tolls.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That further Provisions are necessary for preventing the improper Construction of Wheels, and the Allowance of an additional Number of Horlesand other Beasts of Draught, in consequence of the Use of such Wheels upon the Turnpike Roads.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of thi6 Committee, That the Act of 34 Geo. III. Cap. 74. should be repealed, for the Purpose of reviving the Provisions of the Act of 13 Geo. III. Cap. 78. respecting Statute Labour, but that the Provisions contained in the said Act of 34 Geo. III. Cap. 74. respecting Labourers, and also, respecting the Exemption of certain Poor Persons from Payment of the Rates to which they are liable for the Repair of the Highways, should be re-enacted.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is necessary to remove certain Doubts which have arisen as to the Penalties levied at Weighing Engines for Overweight, and the Exemptions which have been claimed thereupon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Restrictionsvvhichexist in certain Turnpike Acts, with respect.to the Erection of Gates, ought not to extend to the Erection of Weighing Engines in such Places as the Trustees shall think necessary upon the said Turnpike Roads.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Bur don presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Common called Tanfeld Moor, in the Parish of Street, in the County of Durham; Arid the same was received 5 and read "the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Arable Meadow, Ley Pasture, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of in

the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Billdopafs: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, arid inclosing, the Open

and Common Arable Meadow, Ley Pasture, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Wendlebury, in the County of Oxford. *

Ordered, That Mr. John Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Dickins, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty intituled, "An Act for the better Relief of the Poor, within the " several Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, in that Part " of Great Britain called England, incorporated by divers Acts of Parliament for the Purpose of the better " Maintenance and Employment of the Poor; and for " enlarging the Powers of the Guardians of the Poor " within the said several Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, as to the Assessments to be made upon the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, within their respective Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, for the Support and Maintenance of the Poor," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for prohibiting the Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns into this Kingdom, not being of the' Manufacture of Ireland, except for the Purpose of being Warehoused for Exportation, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reporter! from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Mondaj Morning next.

Lord Granville LevefonGower presented to the House,

according to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, and several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Aifts relate to the Road leading from Newport aforesaid to the Village or Place called Weigh Harp, in the Township of Stonnall, in the County of Stafford, being the Third District of the said Roads: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered,

by

Poor Relief Bill, reported.

Committee on

Cambrick *

BilL

Boughton and Whitchurch, &c. Road Bii!, presented,.

House resolve to adjourn ta Monday

4° Geo. Ill 21 a Marti325

Supply, Je- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House tmed. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read. \

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-' ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ways and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Meaus, je. ref0ive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Commute.

Accounts pre- The House being informed that Mr. (from

fcnted. the Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain) attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to ‘ their Orders,

WroughtCop- An Account of the Quantity of Wrought Copper ex-per exported, ported, during the Year 1799, lilting, the real and nominal Value thereof, and distinguishing the Countries to which the same has been exported: And also,

Brafsand An Account of the Quantity of Brass and Plated

Plated Wars, Ware exported, during the Year 1799, Hating the real and nominal Value thereof, and distinguishing the Countries to' which the same has been exported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

leatherhead A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Swan Inn at , to the May Pole

at the upper End of Spital or Somerset Street, ii\ the Parish of Stoke, near the Town of Guldeford, in the County of Surrey, Was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. , Lord William Rujj'el,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Accounts of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an of Pubiic^df- Account of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences, of fices, ordered, all Public Offices, during the Year 1798.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, ah Account of every Increase and Diminution which may have taken place, in the Course of the Year 1799, in the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences, of all Public Offices.

Offs, Linen , Mr. Bragge presented to the House, according to Or-lemed!11' pr der, a Bill for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing the Duties on Glass, as was to continue in Force for a limited Time; and to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty.upon certain Species of and Irish Linens

exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation. of Foreign Raw Linen Yams, made of Flax; to the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain;to the encouraging the Manufacture

-of British Sail Cloth, and securing the Duties on Foreign Sail Cloth imported; to the securing the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Vol. 55.

Sails with a Duty; to the regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs, and of the Naval Officers in the British Colonies in America, and of the Officers of the Customs in the Island of Newfoundland, and to the Landing Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment'of the Duties of Excise: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bragge presented to the House, according to Or- Volunteer der, a Bill for indemnifying Persons serving in Volunteer BilIjndem Corps, who have omitted to take out Certificates for pleiemtd. wearing Hair Powder, and to amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,' " An Act for granting to " His Majesty a Duty on Certificates issued for using " Hair Powder," as relates to the exempting Persons serving in Volunteer Corps from the said Duty: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from tjre Bill forgrnnt-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Bounties granting Bounties on the Importation of Wheat, Wheaten whe^&c! Flour, and Rice, for a Time to be limited, was re-com- reported, mitted, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the Housej and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing the Bounty to be paid for Wheat, according to the Average Price in The London Gazette.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments Were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That futh a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committees, and on the Report, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of ,the Members of the House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare Committee span Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1800. titimate.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Bragge, Mr.

Steele, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Simeon presented to the House, according to" Or- Bin to enable der, a Bill to enable Courts of Equity to compel a c°lirtso1

9 r - r iiquiiy to

Transfer or Stock in Suits, without making the Go- compel a vernor and Company of the Bank of England Party gt£>,ei'ff thereto: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Bank Agi-«-Reading of the ingrossed Bill for establishing an Agree-meat with the Governor and Company of the Bank of p '

4 O England,

3 26 21° — 240 A. 1800.

England, for advancing the Sum of Three Millions, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

Resolved.That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing the Sum of Three Millions, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Tht LorJs A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. have agiced to Graves:

National Debt Bill.

Bill respecting Starch.

Cawfton Inclo-sure Bill.

Milford and Petworth Roads, See. Bill.

Sevenoaks,

Sec. Road Bill.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two Hundred Thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of to be by them

placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prohibit, until the First Day o{.October One thousand Eight hundred, the Use of Wheat in making Starch; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to tTie Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Warren Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Cazvfton, in the County of Norf; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads leading from the Village of Milford, in the County of Surrey, through Petivortk, to the Top of Dunckton Hill, and from Pet-worth to Stopkam Bridge, in the County of Sussex; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for increasing the Tolls authorized to be taken on the Road leading from Sevenoaks Common to the Market House in Tunbridge Town, by an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of H s present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Sevenoaks Common to Woodsgate, Tunbridge Wells, and Cross, in

the County of Kent, and from Tunbridge Wells to gate aforesaid; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 24° d Martii;

peared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Chippenham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Togg Hill, in the County of and from the

Stone Pillar to the Top of Old Hid, in the said

County of Gloucester, was read; whereby it appeared.

That the said Roads were divided into Two Districts, One of which, containing the Road from a Place called The Stone Pillar or Cross Hand, in the Tithing of Al!ing~ ton, in the Parish of Chippenham, to or near a House commonly called The Cross Hands, at or near the Top of Old Sodbury Hill, was thereby called The Sodbury Hill DistriSl: — Then another Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of His said Majesty, for amending the Road from the Nine Mile Stone on the Road, at

or near a Place called The Clay Pitts, to or near the Chapel at Stone, and also the Roads to or near,

D nr (ley, Wotton under Edge, Stroud, and Sodbury, and several other Roads in the Counties of and

Wilts, was also read; whereby it appeared. That the Trustees thereby appointed divided themselves into Committees for the Care and Management of Division? or Parts of the said Roads, One of which comprehending the Roads to or near Sodbury, and the new and old Pal-sages in the said County of Gloucfter, has been usually called The Sodbury Division of Roads: And,

Mr. Moses Bruton, being examined, said, That several Acts mentioned in the said Two recited Acts, and which had been made for repairing and widening the said several Roads, were by the said recited Acts, so far as the same related to the respective Roads therein included, severally repealed, and the said Two recited Acts respectively took place instead thereof, and have since been acted under by the Commissioners thereby appointed: — And, the Witness further laid. That several Sums of Money have keen borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, authorized to be taken on the said Sodbury and

Sodbury Division of Roads, which Money, or the greater Pari thereof, ltill remains due and owing; and that it would be more convenient to the Trustees having the Management of the said Roads, and the same might be better conducted, improved, and maintained, if so much of the above recited Acts as relates thereto were repealed, and the said several Roads made One Joint Trust under One Set of Trustees, and the several Powers and Provisions requisite for that Purpose included in One Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving the Road from a Place called The Stone , or Cross Hand, in the Parish of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, to, or near to, a Bridge called Knox , in the Parish of Westerleigh, in the County of Gloucester, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said Counties of Wilts and Gloucester: And that Mr. and Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Anno 40® Georgii III'11 Regis, 1800.

Prayers.

SodburyRoatls Petition, reported.

MR. Eft court reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing the several Acts herein after mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, -had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it ap-7

A Petition of several Proprietors of Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Little in the Coun-

ty of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Little Plumstead, in the County of Norfolk;

and Setting forth, that, if the same should pass into a Law, in its present State, it will be highly injurious to the Petitioners and the other Proprietors of Lands and Estates in the said Parish: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and have such Relief as the House shall think just and proper.

Ordered,

Petition of Proprietors aeaintt Little P.'umstead Inclosure Bill.

fcudhamIn-closure and Dr3in\ge Bill presented.

Dearoe and Dove Canal Bill reported *

Xyine Regis Sec. Roads Bill committed.

Haflingdett Roads Bill committed.

Snettiftiam Inclosure Bill, foiled.

40 Geo. III. 240 MartiL 327

Ordered, That the said Petition fee referred to the Common of Pasture, within the Parish of in

Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill the County of ,was read the Third Time,

is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by Resolved. That the Bill do pals: And that the Title

their Counsel or Agents, before the said Committee, be, An Act for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, Two upon their Petition, if they think fit. certain Tracts of Land, now held and used as Stinted

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- Common of Pasture, within the Parish of in

mittee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the the County of

same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Ordered, That Sir Martin Browne do Carry the Petition. - Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence *

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com- .

mittee to whom the said Bill is committed. Mr. Thomas Williams reported from the Committee, ttcrwf on fW

to whom the Report was re-committed, which was Mr. Buxton prefonted to the House, according to Or- made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the petition, der, a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribedv and preserving, the Open Fields, Commons, Fens, and being Inhabitants of the Town of Neiv Windsor, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Ludham, in the Parts adjacent, in the County of Berks, and also of the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and several Towns and Parishes of Horton, and

read the First Time. Bangley, in the County of Bucks, and of

Refulved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the

Committee had further examined, and found that the Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, to Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills whom the Bill to enable the Dearne and Dove Canal had not been complied with,.because the precise Line Company to finish and complete the said Canal, and the of the intended Road, mentioned in the Petition from several Collateral Cuts branching therefrom; and for the Town of New Windsor, over a Bridge propokd to be explaining, amending, and enlarging, the Powers of an built acrol's the Thames near to join the Turn-

Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign, of pike Road from London to Colnbrook at or near the Six-His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the leenth Mile Stone, could not be settled until it was afeer-said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and for increasing the tained at what Place the new intended Bridge was to Tolls thereby granted, was committed; That the Com- be erected, and that the Situation of such intended Bridge mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and was not determined on until the Time limited for giving found the same to be true; and that the Committee the Notices required by the said Standing Orders respect had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- ing Turnpike Bills was elapied; but the Committee jnents thereunto, which they had directed him to report found, that most, if not all, the Owners of the Lands to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; through which the said Road is intended to pass are con-and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, fenting; and that Persons passing between London and in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read. Windfo will not be subject to much, if any, greater Toll Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, on the New Road, than they would pay if they went by the present Road; and that the Committee had exa-A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and en- mined the Matter of the said Petition, and had di-larging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty- rested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and the Second, and the Tenth Year of the Reign of His afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Coun- the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. ties of Dorset and Devon, leading to and through the To. prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Borough of Lyme Regis', and from the Turnpike Road Member present informed Your Committee, That there on Up/yme Hill, to the Turnpike Road at the Three was an ancient Bridge over the River Thames at Datchet,

Ashcs, in the Parish of Crezvkerne, in the County of So- in the County of Bucks, which, being in a very decayed merfet, and other Roads therein mentioned, was read a State, at length became impafiable, and in consequence Second Time. thereof, such Parts which remained were, in the Month of

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas June 1795, pulled down, whereby great Inconvenience . Fane, Sir William Geary, &c.: And they are to meet this has arii'en to the Public, as there has been no convenient Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham- Passage over the Thames in that Part of the Country ever ber. since; and that the Petitioners are informed it is in-'

tended to erect a new Bridge over the Thames, in a Situ-A Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge ation more convenient and useful for the Public, viz. the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year from a Place called Neville's Bridge, in the Parish of of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widen- Neiv Windsor, to the opposite Shore near a Place called ing, turning, varying, altering, and keeping in Repair, fe- Southley, in the Parish of Datchet aforesaid, which is at veral Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of . feme Distance from the Scite of the former Bridge; and Lancaster, so far as the same relates to the Road from that the said new Bridge will form a Communication be-Hafingden to Todmorden, being the Second District of tween the Towns, Parishes, and Places above mentioned, the said Roads, and for making and maintaining a Branch and divers other Parts of the Kingdom: — And the Mem-therefrom, at or near a Place called Fearns, in Wolfenden ber further laid, That it would be a great Benefit and Booth, to Edge Side, in the same Booth, and another Convenience to the Petitioners, and others, Inhabitants Branch therefrom, at or near a Place called Robert's Mill, of the said Town , Parishes, and Places, by making a in Ba cup Booth, into the Rochdale Turnpike Road in the shorter Communication between the Metropolis and the?

Parish of Spotland, all in the said County Palatine of said Town of New Windsor, and be of Public Utility, if Lancaster, was read a Second Time. a Road were made from the said Town of New Windsor,

Rtjblved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanley, over the said intended Bridge, and from thence to Mr. Blackburneof Lancafdre, &c.: And they are to meet near Datchet Common Gate, on the Road from Datchet to this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Stanwein the County of and if the Road Chamber. from thence to the Hand Poll at were amended,

widened, and kept in Repair, and if a new Road were An ingrafted Bill for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, made from the said Hand Poll to or near the Sixteenth Two certain Tracts of Land, now held and used as Stinted Mile Stone on the Road from Colnbrook to London, or Vol. 55, feme

Denhy 7tl-

csol\rrt Bill, reported.

Newton Brom-(h -l«l IncloTuie Bill, committed.

Stoke upon Tern, See Inclosure Bill, prclcnicd.

St. John' *

He. tioxd, &c. Itirlc lure Bill, pieienied.

Alemouth and Alnwick Roads Bill, passed *

528 24° Mart. A. 180b.

feme other convenient Spot on the said last mentioned Road.

Ordered, That the said Report clri lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circufristances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted, that Notices may be given at the next Easier Quarter Sel-fions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Buckingham-, and also at the next Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of and

Three Times in the Newspaper called The Reading cury, in the present Month of , and in the Month of April next, or either of them, of the Application to Parliament for the Purposes mentioned in the said Petition.

Mr. Beaumont reported from the Committee, to whorrt the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Field, or Mesne Inclosure, Common?, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Denby, otherwise Derdy with Clayton West, in the West Riding of the County 0! York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that all Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill', and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds,-within the Parish of Newton Brom-JltOld, in the County of Northarid also such of the Open Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Uigharfi Ferrers, in the said County of Northampton, as are called or known by the Names of The Bufcotts and No Man's Leys, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dickins, Mr. Simeon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Kynaston Powell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Lands in the Parishes of Stoke upon Tern and Hinjlock, in the County of Salop: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Plumer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Saint John, H, and the Liberty of Britkendon, in the Parish of All Saints, Hertford, in the County of Hertford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers and Provisions, of an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

for repairing the Road from , through

and Rothbury, to Hexham, and a Branch from the said

Road between Alnwick and , to Jockey's Dike

Bridge, in the County of Northumberland-, and also for altering the Termination of the said Road, at the South End thereof, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Alemouth, through Alnwick and Rothbury, to Hexham, and a Branch from the said Road, between Alnwick and Rothbury, to Jockey's Dike Bridge, in the County of Northumberland.

Ordered, That Sir Matthew While Ridley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire then: Concurrence.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wakefield to Auflerlands, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Wi/berforce, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Michael Le Fleming presented to the House, according tP Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, parted for widening and repairing the High Road leading from Heron Syke, which divides the Counties of Lancaster and

Westmorland, to the Town of Kirkby in Kendal, and from the said Town of Kirkby in Kendal, through the Town of Shap, to Emont Bridge, in the said County of Weimar land: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, apd Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Over and Nether Dean, in the County of Bedford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shaw Lefevre, Mr. Saint John, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for (hutting up, and discontinuing, certain Roads and Footpaths leading through the Grounds of Sir Richard Brooke, Baronet, in the Townships of Norton and Halton, in the Parish of Runcorn, and County Palatine of Chester, and for making and maintaining other Roads instead thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Patten, Mr. Crewe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Hujkiffon reported from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Expence of Allowances to be made to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants, of the Militia, disembodied in pursuance of an Act of the present Session of Parliament; That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the liimc was read; and is as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE

Wakefield ind Aaftetlands Road Bill, Committed.

Heron Syke

and Emont Bridge Road Bill, prtientaL

Over and

Nether Dem inclosure Hill, committed.

Norton and Hilton Road Bill, committed.

Estimate of

Allowance to Adjutants,

&c of Militia, reported, *

4o Geo. lit *

240 Martii.

329

ESTIMATE of the Expence of Allowances to be made to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Sserjeants of the Militia, disembodied, in pursuance of an Act of this present Session of Parliament, for the Year 1800.

The Number of Militia Corps, either totally reduced, or in which a Reduction has taken place, amounts to 94: — The Number of Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants, that it will be necessary to provide for, cannot be exactly ascertained, but calculating upon those Corps, from which Returns have been already received, at the Rate of £.54. 15 for each Adjutant, £. 24. 155. for each Serjeant Major, and £.18. 15 . for each Serjeant, the Expence of the Whole, for the Year 1800, may be estimated at £.

£. s.

15,300 —

a.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Account prerented.

Public Funded JQfbt.

Redemption of

X>°.

The House being informed that Mr. Haworth (from the Exchequer) attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Public Funded Debt, as the same flood on the lft of February 1800 distinguishing by what Acts of Parliament the same is created, and in respect of what Sums raised or Bills funded (as far as the same can be ascertained); — distinguishing also the different Funds in which it is inverted, the Capital Stock of each Fund, the Annual Interest thereof, the Annual Interest of Annuities for Terms, the Charges of Management, the Annual Charge upon the Consolidated Fund, by an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, and the Annuity of £.1. per Centum per Annum upon Capitals created since 5th January 1793; — distinguishing also, upon what Conditions, and at what Periods, the several Parts of the Public Debt are redeemable or determinable: And also,

An Account of the Progress made in the Redemption of the Public Funded Debt, to the ift of February 1800; ► — distinguishing the Capitals of the several Funds existing prior to the 5th of January 1793, from those created since that Period; and specifying, as to the Debt prior to the 5th of January 1793, how much thereof has been redeemed by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt since ift July 1786, and at what Average Price of the Stocks, and for what Sums of Money, and what Sums are now applicable to the Reduction thereof; — with the like Particulars as to the Pebt created since the 5th of January 1793.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Accounts are preserved amongst the othe 1 Papers of this Session.

Account of The Floufe being informed that Mr. Williams (from char^for the ^ie Navy Office) attended at the Door, he was called in; Navy, pre- and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to rented. their Older,

An Account of the Quantity and Prices of the different Articles of Copper purchased for the Use of His Majesty's Navy, from the 29th of April 1799 to the 17th of March 1800; and also, of old Copper delivered in Payment for the fame, with the Prices, as far as it Can be made up.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account wras read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to take into Consideration the State of the Copper Mines and the Copper Trade in this Kingdom.

VOL. 55.

Ordered, That such aNumbef of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) to continue and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the better Relief of the Poor, within the several Hundreds, Towns, and Districts in that Part of Great Britain called England, incorporated by divers Acts of

" Parliament for the Purpose of the better Maintenance " and Employment of the Poor; and for enlarging the " Powets of the Guardians of the Poor within the said " several Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, as to the " Affeflfucnts to be made upon the several Parishes, " Hamlets, and Places, within their respective Hundreds. Towns, and Districts, for the Support and " Maintenance of the Poor," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill y viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 14. To leave out from " repealed" to " be," in 1. 16.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, and the Bill wras amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Relief of the Poor within the " several Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, in that Part " of Great Britain called England, incorporated by divers Acts of Parliament for the Purpose of the better " Maintenance and Employment of the Poor, and for " enlarging the Powers of the Guardians of the Poor " within the said several Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, as to the Assessments to be made upon the " several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, within their " respective Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, for the " Support arid Maintenance of the Poor."

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army anti their Quarters} without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

4 P Ordered,

Poor Relief Bill, passed.

The Lords have agreed

Mutiny Bill

33° , 24 ° Mar» ^1800.

BiH to extend Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House d^ptlnAat, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, deferred, upon the Bill- for further extending the Period of Preference granted, and continued by several Acts, to Bodies Corporate and Persons for the Redemption of the Land Tax; and for enlarging several of the Powers contained in the said Acts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House State of the to ref0[ve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Copper Mines . r . , 7

ice. to take into Consideration the State of the Copper

Mines and the Copper Trade in this Kingdom, be now . read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Report, ice. Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 7th Day rctme . May, in the last Session of Parliament, was made from- the Committee, who were appointed to enquire into the State of the Copper Mines and Copper Trade of this Kingdom, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Accounts and Papers, which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Copper Mines and Copper Trade, be referred to the said'Committee,

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Mordaunt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Mordaunt reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, the 4th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Copper Mines and Copper Trade in this Kingdom.

Bill for grant- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third otfimportation Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for granting Boun-of when, &c. ties on the Importation of Wheat, Wheaten Flour, and deferred. Rice, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Volunteer Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

Corps indem- Reading of the Bill for indemnifying Persons serving in rniLd'.'1' C°m Volunteer Corps, who have omitted to take out Certificates for wearing Hair Powder, and to amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Certificates issued for " uling Hair Powder," as relates to the exempting Persons serving in Volunteer Corps from the said Duty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time. 1

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Mainwaring presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Failures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, and also the Waste Lands and Grounds, within the several Pa-rilhesof Hanworth, Felt ham, and in the County of Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Select Committee appointed to consider of the moll effectual Means of facilitating, under the Authority of Parliament, the Inclosure and'Improvement of the Waste, Uninclosed, and Unproductive Lands, Commons, Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, and Common of Pasture, in this Kingdom, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, have Power to report from Time to Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to encourage the Cultivation of Potatoes on Waste Lands, for a Time to be limited, was committed;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Report be now taken into turther Consideration;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question, viz.

To leave out the Word " now" and, at the End of the Question, to add the Words " upon this Day Six " Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" Hand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " upon " this Day Six Months" be added at the End of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, lo amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Six Months.

Bill to ttuble Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second E°«ii to com Readins die Bill to enable Courts of Equity to compel a Transr pel a Transfer of Stock in Suits, without making the mirted ' C°m" Governor and Company of the Bank of England Party muic ' thereto, be now read.

6

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Marta,

Supply, de. fcried.

Ways and Menus, de itrred.

Hanworth, &c. Inclosurt Bill, preftmei

Seltfl Commince on Wide Lands to report from Time to Time *

Bill to encourage the Culture of Potatoes put off for 6 Mouths.

Spalding Roads Petition, reported.

Swan Tea Bridge Bill committed.

Petition of Lord Dam ley, against Thames and Medway Canal Bill.

40 Geo. III.

25 ° Mar

S3 *

Mart is, 2 50 die Martii 5

Anno 40® Georgii III. U Regis, 1800. Prayers.

MR. Tyner reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Trustees for executing Two several Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Spalding High through Littleivcrth, and by , and over

Deeping Stone Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Ma-:ey Outgang, in the County of Northampton, adjoining to the High Road there, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Wildbcre Wilkinson, being examined, said, That

the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Acts in Execution, and for that Purpose have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken on the said Roads, which Money together with the Tolls, have been duly applied according to the Directions of the said Acts; but that the said Money so borrowed cannot be repaid, nor can the said Roads be properly amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts, which is near expiring, be continued, and several of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and amended, and some further Tolls granted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Spalding High Bridge through Littleworth, and by Frognall, and over James Deeping Stone Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Maxey Outgang, in the County of

adjoining to the High Road there: And that Mr. ner and Sir Gilbert Heathcote do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for building a Bridge across the River Tawey, "at a Place called The ITree, in the Parish of " Lanfamlett, to the opposite Shore in the Parish of

" Llangevelach, in the County of Glamorgan, for making proper Avenues or Roads to and from the said " Bridge, and also for repairing ai d widening the Road " from Pentre Brook, near a Place called Aberdwybertliy, " in the Parish of Saint John's, near Swansea, to the " said intended Bridge," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Banker,&c.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Right honourable the Earl of Darn-ley, on Behalf of himself, and several other Persons, being Owners and Occupiers of Estates on the Line of the proposed' Canal from Gravesend to Rochester, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Vol. 55,

Taking Notice of the bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames, near to the Town of Gravesend, in the County of Kent, to the River Medway, at a Place called Nicholson's Ship Yard, in the Parish of Frindsbury, in the said County and alfa a certain Collateral Cut from WhiteWa/l, in the said Parish, to the said River Bledway, and Setting forth. That, if the said Bill should pals into a Law, as it now stands, the same will be very prejudicial to their Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, or Agents, again il such Parts of the said Bill as affect his Interest, and that the Petitioner may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks flt.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge Boug'nton and the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Bi;i, commit-

Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of ted#

His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, tQ Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, and several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate , to the Road leading from Newport aforesaid to the Village or Place called Welsh Harp, in the Township of Stonnall, in the County of Stafford, being the Third District of the said Roads, was read a Second Time.

Refdved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Granville Levefun Gower, Sir Edward Littleton, &c.: And they are to theet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to whom Normanton the Bill for dividing, allotting, regulating, and inclosing, jnciofme^ Bill the Open Fields, Meadows, Pallures, Commons, and reported. Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Normanton upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands alfelTed to the Land Tax at £. 1. 4 . 5; and

that the Whole of the Lands belonging to Persons interestecTin the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at £. 23. 8j. 8 d.iiand that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House;' and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the BUI, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossTed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Petition for thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two Acts, the One passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the tion for Yar-Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, inti- n£cl>ref *

tuled, KoiiU.

X,eave given.

Royal Aflfent to Bills.

332 25 Marti 1800 *

tuled, " An Act for amending, fepairirg, and widening, " the Roads leading from the Rye'cay, in the Parish of " Yay pole, in the County of Hereford, to Pr eft eigne, in the " County of Radnor, and from thence to Leintivardine, " and from Prefeigtleaforesaid to the Top of Trap Hill, " and from the Pyeivayaforesaid, by The Maidenhead, " to Wooferton, in the County of Salop," and the other

passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for continuing the Term of the said Act, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair; several other Roads, branching out of the Roads comprized in the said Acts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it being intended to apply to Parliament, in the present Session, for an Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Acts, proper Notices were given, and a Meeting of the Trustees, for the Purpose of consider- ing the Form of the intended new Ad, and to (ign a Petition to the House for the fame, was fixed for the Fifteenth Day of February \nft; and that, the principal aftingTruft.ee and Creditor under the said Acts, being prevented by Illness from attending the said Meeting, the Consideration of the intended Application to Parliament was unavoidably postponed, and another Meeting for that especial Purpose was appointed for the Tenth of this Instant March, being the earliest Day on which it could conveniently be held, and which the Petitioners now find was the last Day for receiving Petitions by the House} and at the said last mentioned Meeting the Petition was accordingly signed; and that the Term of the said Acts will expire at the End of the present Session, and there is a very considerable Sum of Money due on Mortgage of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, and the said Roads cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts are enlarged; and that it will be productive of great Detriment to the Neighbourhood and the Public, if the several Roads are not maintained in good Repair, and the Creditors under the said Acts will be great Sufferers if the same are not continued: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given toexhibit a Petition for Leave to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Trustees.

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His R.oyal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Steward of His Majesty's Household, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the

Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two Hundred Thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt:

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters An Act to prohibit, until the First Day of October One thousand Eight hundred, the Use of Wheat in making Starch:

An Act for continuing^ for a further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term of Two Acts, One made in the Twelfth, and the other in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for clearing, depth-ening, repairing, maintaining, and improving, the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth; and for depthcning, and making more navigable, the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven, and preserving Ships, wintering the rein, from Accidents by Fire; and also, for building a new Bridge over the Haven of Yarmouth; and for altering and enlarging the Powers thereof, so far as the same relate to the said Haven and Piers: An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Pari (lies of Cant ley and Haffngham, in the County of Norfolk, and for drain-

ing and preserving the fame, and also certain Marfii Lands, within the said Parishes:

An Act for continuing, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, One made in the Thirty-tuft Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from Brent Bridge, in the County of Devon, to Gajking Gate, in or near the Borough of Plymouth, in the said County:

An Act for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Town of Ivelchester, in the County of Somerset: An Act for increasing the Tolls authorized to be taken on the Road leading from Sevenoaks Common to the Market Hoyfe in Tunbridge Town, by an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Sevenoaks Common to Woodsgate, Tunbridge I Tells, and Cross, in the County of Kent, and from Tunbridge Ik ells to IVlodfgate, aforesaid:

An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Thirtieth Year of the P.eign of his late Majesty, and the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads leading from the Village of ford, in the County of Surrey, through to the

Top of Dunchton Hill, and from Pet worth to St opium Bridge, in the County of Si fix:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclefing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Warren Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Cat if on, in the County of Norfolk: An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Moor, Commons, and Waste Lan |s, lying within the Manor and Parish of Locking, in the County of

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, thcCom-mon and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands,

and

Yarpole and Presteigne, Roads Petition.,

WcobleyWrit.

Bill to extend Land Tax Re-demptionA&s deferred.

.40 Geov III.

250 Martii.

and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Bythorn, in the County of Huntingdon:

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Thorpe next Norwich, in the County of Norfolk, and in the County of the City of Norwich.

Then a Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two Acts, the One passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, repairing, and " widening, the Roads leading from The , in the

" Parish of Yarpole, in the County of Hereford, to " teigne, in the County of Radnor, and from thence to " Leintwardine, and from Prefieigne aforesaid, to the Top of Trap Hill, and from The Ryeway aforesaid, by The Maidenhead, to Wooferton, in the County of " Salop," and the other passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for continuing the Term of the said Act, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads branching out of the Roads comprized in the said Act, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a considerableProgress hath been made in amending the Roads comprized in the said Acts, and a large Debt hath been contrafted on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted and continued; and that the said Debt cannot be. paid off, nor can the said Roads be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts are enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pierrepont, Mr. Rankes, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of IVeobley, in the County of Hereford, in the Room of Inigo Freeman Thomas, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for further extending the Period of Preference granted, and continued by several Acts, to Bodies Corporate and Persons for the Redemption of the Land Tax; and for enlarging several of the Powers contained in the said Acts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning; resolve itself into the said Committee.'

The House was moved; That the several Orders made Order for Ac-upon Friday last, that there be laid before this House, an "V" Account of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences, of pui:;ic Office» all Public Offices, during tl^ Year 1798; and also, an Account of every Increase and Diminution which may Account or-have taken place, in the Course of the Year 1799, in the dered. Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences, of all Public Offices, might be read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the -Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emo-foments, and Expences, of all the Public Offices, for the Years 1797, 1798, and 1799; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Poor Removal Reading of the Bill, to prevent, for a Time to be limited, BlU' deterTeJ the Removal of Casual Poor, notwithstanding the y may have received Parochial Relief, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

The House was moved, That thev Order, made upon Committee on Thursday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Com- j-nc°"raKe-

J Jr 7 - ment to Iin-

mittee or the whole House, Tomorrow, to consider of portation of giving Encouragement to the Importation of Oats and de *

Oatmeal into this Kingdom, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Long presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

An Account of the Amount of the Expences incurred for Prosecutions relating to Coin, for the Year 1799: And also,

An Estimate of the Expence of the Office of Commissioners for American Awards, for the Year 1800: And also.

An Estimate of the Expence likely to be incurred for the Police Office in tapping, for the Year 1800: And also.

An Estimate of the probable Expence incurred, and to be incurred, for Repairs at the King's Bench Prison: And also,

An Estimate of the Expence incurred for Repairs at the Marshalsea Prison.

And the Titles of the said Account and Estimates were read.

The said Account and Estimates are as followeth; viz.

Account and

Estimates, presented. Prosecutions, Sec. relating to Coin.

Commissioners for American Awards.

Police Office in Wapping.

Repairs at King's Bench Prison.

D°at the Mar-(halfea.

An Act C O U N T of the Amount of the Expences incurred for Prosecutions relating to Coin, for the Year 1799.

Two Thousand Three Hundred and Thirty-eight Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Four Pence.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, ^th March 1800.

Charles Long.

VOL. 55.

4 Q An *

334

250 Martii. A. 1800.

An E S T I M A T E of the Expence of the Office of Commissioners for American Awards, for the Year 1800.

Three Thousand Five Hundred and Seventy-five Pounds.

Downing 35th March 18od.

Geo. Hammond,

An E ST I M A T E of the Expence likely to be incurred for the Police Office in Wappitig, for the Year 1800.

Three Thousand Pounds,

Whitehall,

25th March 1800.

John

ass " - - a sssateae - — assess ----- - ~ = assssss - 1 s=

An ESTIMATE of the probable Expence incurred, and to be incurred, for Repairs at the King's Bench Prison.

Seven Thousand Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, March 1800.

Charles Long.

An E S TIM A T E of the Expence incurred for Repairs at the MarshaJfea Prison.

Five Thousand Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,

25th March 1800.

Charles Long.

Accounts to fce printed.

Account of Balances t;n Accounts in

Ordered, That the said Account and Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Accounts, which were Yesterday presented to the House, by Mr. Haworth (from the Exchequer) be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Balances due to the Public upon the

Ordinary and Extraordinary Accounts depending in the Offices of the late Auditors of the Imprefts, and transferred to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, wherein no Progress has been made since the same were so transferred, specifying the Nature of "the lait Proceeding had thereon, previous to such Transfer.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for granting Bounties on the Importation of Wheat, Wheaten Flour, and Rice, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

: The

the Offices of the late Audi# tors of Iro-prefts, orderfA

Bill for grist ing Bounties on Importation of Wheat, Jkc. pafT«4 *

40 Geo. III.

25 — 26s Martii.

335

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 1. 1. 7. After " to insert " and of

" Wheat from any of the Ports of the , and from any of the Ports of and any Ports

44 North of the and from

44 the Port of

1.36. To leave out from " Wheat" to . 44 which," in Pr. 2. 1. 12.

Pr. 2. 1. 34. After and" to insert such Rate 44 of."

I.35. To leave out44 per Quarter of Wheat." Pr. 3. 1. 7. After " and" to insert such Rate 44 of."

1. 8. To leave out44 per Quarter of Wheat" and insert44 and that whenever the Average Price of Wheat, ascertained and published as aforesaid, 44 shall be less than One Hundred Shillings per Quarter, a Bounty equal to the Difference between such Average Price and such Rate of One Hundred Shillings shall be paid on every Sack of fine Wheaten Flour, of the Weight of Two Hundred and Eighty Pounds, Avoirdupois, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, according to the Weight thereof, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain before the said First 44 Day of October, from any of

44 His Majesty's Colonies in Arne 44 or from The United States, 44 and for every such Sack of fine Wheaten Flour which shall be im- 44 ported or brought into Great Bri-

44 tain from any other Country than His Majesty's said Colonies and the said United States, there shall be paid a Bounty equal to Four- fifths of the Bounty which would have been payable by this Act on 44 a Quarter of Wheat imported at such Time from every such Country respectively, and so in Proportion for any greater or less \ 44 Quantity, according to the

44 Weight thereof."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House, and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting Bounties on the Importation of Wheat, Wheaten Flour, and Rice, until the First Day of October One thousand Eight hundred.

Ordered, That the Lord do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Order fcr The House waS moved. That the Report which was

iSr Noifce»o? Yesterday made from the Committee to whom the Pe-AppUcation tition of the several Persons, whose Names, are therefor unto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town of New

charged. Windsor, in the County of Berks, and of the several Towns and Parishes therein mentioned, was again referred; and also. That the Order made thereupon, for granting Leave that Notices might be given of the Application to Parliament for the Purposes mentioned in the said Petition, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Report again Ordered, That the said Report be again re-commit-

committed. °

Vol. 55.

Ordered, That the said Report be again re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Accounts and Papers, which were presented to the House, upon the 3d Day of February last, by Mr. Owen (from the Directors of the East India Company).

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Strachey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Strachey reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had di-rested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for indemnifying Persons serving in Volunteer Corps, who have omitted to take out Certificates for wearing Hair Powder, and to amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Certificates issued for using Hair Powder," as relates to the exempting Persons serving in Volunteer Corps from the said Duty;

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for preferring the Form of the Certificate to be delivered by, and the Receipt to be given to, Persons claiming to be exempted from the Duties on Horses provided or furnished for Volunteer Corps.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of (he Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 26®;

Anno 40 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1800. Prayers.

A BILL for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Common called Tanfield Moor, in the Parish of Chester-le Street, in the County of Durham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. don, Sir Charles Morgan, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, to enable the Justices of the

Peace

Committee on Fail India Com, rany'j Revenue Accounts *

Committee on Volur.teer Corp Indemnity Bill.

Instru&ioiu

Tanfield Inclosure Bill, committed.

Petition in favour of Kent Gaol Bill.

3 $6 20 Martii. 1800.

Peace acting for the Western Division of the County of Kent, to purchase a convenient Piece of Ground for building a Gaol for the said County, and for empowering the said Justices to apply Part of the County Stock of the said Division towards the lame, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are urged by Sense of that Duty which they, as Magistratej, owe to the County of Kent at large, to represent that, by the Provisions of the said one Part of the said County, called The

Division, hath been burthened, solely and exclusively, not only with the Charges and Expences of purchasing the Ground upon which the County Gaol at Maidstone now (lands, and of building the said Gaol, but hath been, from the Time of the passing of the said Act, and is now also, burthened with, and liable to, the Charges and Expences of repairing the said Gaol, and of making such Additions thereto as have been, or may be, found necessary, in order to accommodate the great Numbers of Prisoners confined therein,' by reason of the same being a Gaol for the whole County of Kent> and not exclusively a Gaol for any One Part or Division of the said County; and that, for a Series of Years pad, sanctioned by no Law but Custom, the said County of Kent hath been divided into an Eallern and Western Division, and the Eallern Division hath contributed towards the Maintenance of such Prisoners only as were sent to the Felons Part of the said Gaol from such Division; and the Wellern Division hath, at the Charge of the Inhabitants of such Division, supported the Prisoners sent from the said Wellern Division to the said Part tof the said Gaol, and that such Custom is partial, unjust, and oppressive, inasmuch as, from the Contiguity of the said Wellern Division to the Me-, tropolis, the Prisoners committed from that Division far exceed in Number the Prisoners from the Eallern Division, and the consequent Expence therefore imposed on the Inhabitants of the Western Division exceeds; in an unreasonable Proportion, the Expence of the Eallern Division; and that, independent of the Repair of the said Gaol being borne exclusively by the Inhabitants of the said Western Division, they support also, at their foie Charge, Two Bridewells, situate in the said Western Division; viz. Oneat Maidstone aforesaid, and Oneat Dartford; and that all Debtors in the

Cullodyof the Sheriff of the said County are confined in the said Gaol at Ma, and that the Expence charged to the County for their Maintenance, whether they be font from the Eallern or Western Division of the said County, is borne solely by the Inhabitants of the said Western Division; and that the said Gaol is the only Prison of the said Sheriff, and the Keeper of it is the only Gaoler from whom the said Sheriff takes a Security; and that as the Justices, as well of the Eall-cmasof the Western Division of the said County, are appointed by One and the same Commission, and the Police of the County is general, the Petitioners conceive that the Expence incident to the due Administration of it ought to attach on the Inhabitants of the whole County at large; and that it is unjust and inequitable that,' from any Circumstance of Locality, One District of a County, in a Matter which affects the ln-terest of the Whole, should, for the Furtherance of general Justice, be partially burthened: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law, in order that the whole County of Kent may contribute in Discharge of an Expence incurred for the Service of the whole County, and not exclusively for the Service of any particular Part of it.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

petition of A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are ilrtem Di-1 thereunto subscribed, being Justices of the Peace acting vjGon, against in and for the Eallern Division of the County of Kent, fciiL1 G °l and also of the Proprietors and Occupiers of Estates in

the said Division, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That the said Application is made with the evident Intent to obtain the Authority of Parliament for extending the Burthen of the Maintenance and Repair of the said Gaol, to which, by the said Act, the Western Division was alone subjected, over the whole County; and that the Petitioners perceive the Ground of the proposed Alteration to be, that the said Gaol is used as a Prison, or Place of Confinement, by the whole County at large, but the Petitioners represent that the same is not the only Common Gaol for the said County, for that there is, and hath been from Time immemorial, another Gaol situate at Saint Dunstan's, near Canterbury, within the Eallern Division of the said County, which is a Common Gaol for the said County, to which it hath been the uniform and immemorial Practice to commit all Prisoners charged with Offences done within the said Eallern Division, and that the Gaol at Maidstone is never used 'as a Place of Confinement for such Prisoners, except during the Affixes for the County, which are held there, and that the whole Expences of such Prisoners, not only during their Confinement in the said Gaol at Saint Dunfan's, but on their Removal to Maidfone in order to take their Trials at the Assizes, and during the whole Time of their Confinement in that Gaol, as also the Expences of the Re-building, Maintenance, and Repair, of the said Gaol, at Saint Dunfan's, have immemorially been, and now

are, exclusively borne by the said Eallern Division; 'and that it appears, by the said Act of the Ninth Year of his said late Majesty, that the said Gaol at Maidfone was deemed a County Gaol for the Wellern Division only, and so conscious were the Inhabitants of that Division, that the Burthen of the Re-building, Repair, and Maintenance thereof, ought in Justice to be borne by them, that the High Sheriff, Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, and Freeholders, acting for, and residing in, the said Western Division, on whole Petition the said Act was obtained, made it Part of the Prayer of their Petition, that the Justices might be empowered to apply the then County Stock of the said Western Division, and to raise within the said Division such Sums as should be necessary for the Purposes of the said Act; and that to charge the Inhabitants of the said Eallern Division with a Portion of the Expence of the Maintenance and Repairs of the Gaol at in Addition

to the whole Charges of the Maintenance and Repair of the Gaol at Saint Dunfan's, which they exclusively bear, would be contrary to the Principles of Equity and Justice; and that it is not less just now, than it was at the passing of the said Act, that each Division should exclusively maintain its own Gaol, and there is not, therefore, the Shadow of aGround for the present singular Attempt (after an Acquiescence of upwards of Sixty Yea^) to question the Justice, and do away an essential Part of the Terms on which the said Act was palfed: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against the said Bill, and that the same may not be passed into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel,

Agents, and Witnesses, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Seccn(, Ktad-Wedtiefday lad, for reading the said Bill a Second Time. inc of Kent Tomorrow, might be read. scire "

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Mr.

26° Marti.

Renort on New Windsor Road again re-committed Petition.

40 Geo. III.

337

Mr. Thomas Williams reported froth the Committee,

to whom the Report was again re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town of New and

Parts adjacent, in the County of , and of the several Towns and Parishes therein mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had further examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the Hotife, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with, because the precise Line of the intended Road, mentioned in the Petition, from the Town of New Windsor, over a Bridge proposed to be built across the Thames near Datchet, to join the Turnpike Road from London to Colnbrook, at or near the Sixteenth Mile Stone, could not be settled until it was ascertained at what Place the intended new Bridge was to be erected, and that the Situation of such intended Bridge was not determined on until the Time limited for giving the Notices required by the said Standing Orders respecting Turnpike Bills was elapsed; but the Committee found that the Owners of the Lands through which the said Road is intended to pass are consenting thereto, except the Proprietors of a certain Common Field in the Parish of , called Fleet

Meadow, over which the said Road is intended to pass for the Space of One Hundred Yards, or thereabouts, the Names and Places of Abode of whom have not yet been ascertained; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was ready and is as followethj viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed Your Committee, That there was an ancient Bridge over the River Thames at Datchet, in the County of Bucks, which being in a very decayed State, at length became impassable, and, in consequence thereof, such Parts which remained were, in the Month of June 1795, pulled down, whereby great Inconvenience has arisen to the Public, as there has been no convenient Passage over the Thames, in that Part of the Country, ever since; and that the Petitioners are informed it is intended to erect' a new Bridge over the Thames, in a Situation more convenient and useful for the Public; viz. from a Place called Neville's Bridge, in the Parish of New Windsor, to the opposite Shore, near a Place called Southky, in the Parish of Datchet aforesaid, which is at fbme Difiance from the Scite of the former Bridge; and that the said new Bridge will form a Communication between the Towns, Parishes, and Places above mentioned, and divers other Parts of the Kingdom: — And, the Member further said. That it would be a great Benefit and Convenience to the Petitioners, and others, Inhabitants of the said Towns, Parishes, and Places, by making a shorter Communication between the Metropolis and the said Town of Nezv Windsor, and be of Public Utility, if a Road were made from the said Town of New Windsor over the said intended Bridge, and from thence to or near Datchet Common Gate, on the Road from Datchet to Siamveil, in the County of Middlesex, and if the

Road from thence to the Hand Pod at Foyle, were amended, widened, and kept in Repair, and if a new Road were made from the said Hand Post to or near the Sixteenth Mile Stone on the Road from Colnbrook to London, or some other convenient Spot on the said last mentioned Road.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted that Notices may be given at the next Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden for the County of Buckingham, and also at the next Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden for the County of Berks, and Three Times in the Newspaper called The Reading Mercury, in the present Month of March, and in the Month of April

Vol. 55.

next, or either of them, of the Application to Parliament for the Purposes mentioned in the said Petition.

A Petition of Margaret Ring, of the City of Chester, Widow, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth^ That the Petitioner is in Possession of considerable PropeVty in Shops near the High Cross, in the Centre of the said City, and if the Cktfter Bill, now before the House, should meet with their Approbation, she requests that a Clause may be inserted to preserve her Property, or make her such Satisfaction for the same as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Field; or Mefhe inclosure, Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Denby, otherwise Denby with Clayton West, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Field, or Mesne inclosure. Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Denby, other- wife Denby with Clayton West, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Efi court reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates, or Inhabitants, within or near the several Parishes and Places thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Benjamin Grazebrook, being examined, laid. That the making and maintaining of a Turnpike Road from or near the Turnpike Gate at Lto join the Turnpike Road leading from Cirencester to Stroud, at or near The Anchor Inn at WAbridge, and to pass along the Ci- , rencefier, Stroud, and Gloucejltr Turnpike Roads to Bradbrook, and from thence to Birdlip, through the several Parishes of Rodborough, Stroud, Painswick, , Cranham, Miserdine, Brimpsfield, and , all in the County of Gloucester, will be a great Benefit, and at-

tended with much Convenience and Accommodation to the several Owners of Estates and Inhabitants within or near the said Parishes and Places, which are very populous, and in which many very considerable Clothing Manufactories are carried on: — And, the Witness added, That such new Road will open alhorter and better Communication than there is at present, between the City of Bath, and the Town of Cheltenham, and the Parts adjacent, and also between various other Parts of the Country, and will also be of Public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Road from or from near Light-pill Gate, on the Road leading from Bath to Dudbridge, in the Parish of Rodborough, to join the Turnpike Road from Painswick to Cheltenham, at or near Birdlip, in the Parishes of Brimpsfield and Cowley, or One of them, all in the County of Gloucester: And that Mr. EJicourt and the Marquis of Worcester do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Patten reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for altering and amending an Act, passed in the

4 R Thirty-

Petition <rf Mr . Ping tgainst the Application for Chertdr

Polk«f

Denby Indo-fuie Bill# pitted.

Diphtpill and Birdlip Roadt Petition, reported.

Peak Fore ft Canal Bill, reported.

Witney, ice.^ Ko kIs Kill, parted.

Bloxham In closure Bill, pa (led.

Account of Copper purchaset 1 for the Ordnance, presented.

Committee

appointed to examine General Index to the Journals.

338 26° Mar. A.. 1800.

Thirty-fourth Year of tl»e Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining-.the Canal,

and for granting to the Company of Proprietors of the frlid Canal further and other Powers, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true $ and tha£ the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

An ingrefied Bill for amending, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in Witnessto the Turnpike Road on Swerford Heath, and also the Road leading from the Turnpike Road from Woodstock to Birmingham, through Charlbury, to the Turnpike Road from Chipping Norton to Burford, all in the County of Oxford, was read the

Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in Witnessto the Turnpike Road on Heath,

and also the Road leading from the Turnpike Road from Woodftockto Birmingham, through Charlbury, to the Turnpike Road from Chipping Norton all in

the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. John Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrefied Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and older Commonable Lands, lying within the Parish of Biexham, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Tune.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, lying within the Pari (It of Bloxham, in the county of.

Ordered, That Mr. John Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. *

Mr. Sargent presented, to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Copper purchased for the Use of His Majesty's Ordnance, from the Year 1788 to 15th March 1799; distinguishing each Year, and the Prices paid in each Year.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session. *

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That Mr. Samuel Dunn, who has been for some Time pad employed in compiling a General Index to the Journals of this House, of the last Parliament, was clefirous of submitting the same to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine the said General Index, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Bragge, the Lord Hazvkesbury, &c.: And they are to meet, To-

morrow Morning, at Nine.of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Com; mi tree.

6

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further extending the Period of Preference granted, and continued by several Acts, to Bodies Corporate and Persons for the Redemption of the Land Tax, and for enlarging several of the Powers contained in the said Acts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Bragge, according to' Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for indemnifying Persons lcrving in Volunteer Corps, who have omitted to take out Certificates for wearing Hair Powder, and to amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty " a Duty on Certificates issued for using Flair Powder," as relates to the exempting Persons lcrving in Volunteer Corps from the said Duty, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to cor.fider of several Acts, made in the Thirteenth and Thirty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, respecting the Public Highways; and also, of another A cl, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and to report their Observations, together with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable Courts of Equity to compel a Transfer of Stock in Suits, without making the Governor and Company of the Bank of England Party thereto, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an lnftruclion to the said Committee, that they have Power to extend the several Provisions of the said Bill to the same of Stock (landing in the Books of the East India and South Sea Companies.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took, the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had. gone through the Bill, and made' several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered,

Bill to extenj Land Taic Redemption Aits, committed.

Volunteer Corps Indemnity Bill, r--- ported.

Rt-port or General Highways, &c. Acts, referred to a Committee of the House.

Committer on Bill to emibie Courts ot' Equity to compel a Transfer of Stock.

Inftrti&iort,.

40 Geo. III.

260 — Martii.

Report on East India Company's Revenue Accounts, deferred.

Land Tax Common-era Bill, deterred.

Supply, deferred.

W yi and Means, deferred.

Aberdeen Roads Bill, committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Accounts and Papers, which were presented to the House, upon the 3d Day of Februarylaft, by Mr. Owen (from the

Directors of the East India Company) be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal " Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick

" upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, To- bacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One " thousand Eight hundred together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrovy Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Petitions of Proprietors of Shares, against Huddersfield Canal Bill.

Jovis, 2 70 die Martii;

Anno 40® Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1800.

4 - - 4

Prayers.

A BILL for-repealing an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reigrt of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and repairing certain " Roads in the County of A,"and for the more effectually amending and keeping in Repair the said Roads, and other Roads, in the said County, and for levying a Conversion Money in lieu of the Statute Labour, and otherwise regulating the making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fer-gttfon, Mr- Fordyce, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereto subscribed, being Proprietors of Shares in the Huddersfield Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from and out of the Canal of Sir John Baronet,

at or near the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join and communicate with the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near A/hton-undtr-Lyne and Oldham, at or near the Town of 'under-Lyne aforesaid, in the County Palatine of Lan^afier, certain Persons were incorporated for the Purpose of making and completing the said Canal Navigation, and the Sum of ,£.184,000, hath been expended in making the said Canal Navigation, but a very considerable Por- Vol. 55.

339

tion of the said Clnal yet remains to be completed; anti that by the Bill now depending for enabling the Hr.rider field Canal Company to finish and complete the Huddersfield Canal, and for amending the Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Hu Idersfield- Canal, it is proposed to insert a Clause or Clauses for compelling every original Subscriber to the said Undertaking, and every Person possessing a Share or Shares therein, to lubscribe a rateable Proportion towards the making and finishing the said Canal, and, in case of Neglect or Default, then that the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing shall forfeit his or their original Subscription; and that any such compuifory Clause or Clauses, if passed into a Law, would be extremely injurious and of-preffive, and more particularly so to those Proprietors who, from the Pressure of the Times, and a Want of pecuniary Rclources, are not enabled to advance or subscribe any more Money to the said Concern than they have already subscribed; and that any Clause or Clauses directing a Forfeiture of the original Share or Shares of any Subicriber or Holder, would also be very oppressive, and indeed ruinous, to many of the original Subscribers, who subscribed their Money upon the Faith and Credit of F.ftimates and Calculations furnished by those concerned for the Company of Proprietors, and upon which every Reliance was placed: And therefore praying, That they may be beard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against such compuifory and forfeiting Clauses, and that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A. Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Proprietors of Stock or Shares in the Huddersfield Canal Navigation, was also presented to the House, and read containing the same Allegations as the preceding Petition: And praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law in its present Form, as the Petitioners Interests will be injured thereby, but that such Clauses may be inserted therein for those Purposes as to the House shall seem meet, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Bastard reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish in the County of Devon, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further extending the Period of Preference granted, and continued by several Acts, to Bodies Corporate and Persons for the Redemption of the Land Tax; and for enlarging several of the Powers contained in the said Acts.

Mr.

Biirllfcomfce Inclosure Bill, reported.

Committee on Bill to extend Land Tax Rect'inntion Arts.

340

27 ° Martii. A. 1800.

Mr. Speaker left the Chairs

Mr. Abbot took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Abbot reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning;

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for the Year 1800; That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accordingly, which they had directed him to report to vthe House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Militia Estimate, reported *

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for the Year 1800.

-UeU. --- - - i — I - . \ £ A.

twenty-eight Days Pay to to,060 Militia Men 28,784

Clothing for D® ----- ---- 30,840

365 Days Pay to 1028 Serjeants - - - 18,781 — —

Clothing for D - - 3.598

365 Days Pay to 514 Drummers - - - , - 4.690 — —

Clothing for D ----- -- 1,018 — -

365 Days Pay to 1028 Corporals - - - - 12,521

D° - - D" - - 66 Adjutants ----- -- 7.195

Twenty-eight Days Pay to the several Officers - - - - 8,700 — — t

Salaries for 70 Battalion Clerks, £. 50. per Annum each - - 3>S°°

Allowances to Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings, computed at 4,000

D° to each Regiment Battalion and Independent Company, for Contingent

Expences, at the Rate of 6d. per Month lor each Private Man and

Drummer - 10,023

Half-pay to Superannuated Adjutants ----- - 2,000 — —

£- 135,660

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Bill to enable Courts of Equity to compel a Transfer of Stock, imported.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable Courts of Equity to compel a Transfer of Stock in Suits, without making the Governor and Company of the Bank of England Party thereto, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Exchequer Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Cnlsfof so enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Trea-ptWwdemh fury to issue Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year 1800: And that Mr. Long, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Long presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

A Paper, intituled, " Amount of the Exchequer Bills " raised on the Credit of the Aid and Contribution " granted for the Prosecution of the War, per Act 38 " Geo. III. Cap. 16, and on the Duties of Customs on " Goods imported and exported, granted per Act 38 " Geo. III. Cap. 76, outstanding, and undischarged; " and of the Sums remaining in the Exchequer, and " estimated to be received applicable to the Payment " thereof:" And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Amount of Exchequer Bills " raised on the Credit of the Duties on Income, granted " per Act 39 Geo. III. Cap. 13, outstanding, and undischarged; and of the Duties on Income remaining in the Exchequer, and the estimated Sums remaining to " be received, applicable to the Payment thereofAnd also.

An Account of Monies advanced for Public Services from the Civil List (not being Part of the ordinary Expenditure of the Civil List), and which have not beeti replaced by Parliament, specifying the General Heads of Service for which any of the said Monies were advanced, and the Total Amount of the Advance on each Head respectively.

And the Titles of the said Papers and Account were read.

The laid Papers and Account are as followeth; viz.

Paper pr.

ftnted.

Amount of

Exchequer Bills.

Monies td-vmneed by Civil list.

amount

' v

40 Geo. III. 270 Marl'd. 341

AMOUNT of Exchequer Bills raised on the Credit of the Aid and Contribution granted for the Prosecution of the War,/ r Act 38 Geo. lit. Cap. 16; and on the Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, granted^/ Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 76, outstanding, and undischarged; and of the Sums remaining in the Exchequer, and estimated to be received, applicable to the Payment thereof.

Amount of Exchequer Bills raised on the Credit of the Aid and Contribution granted for the Prosecution of the War, per Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 16; and on the Dudes of Customs on Goods imported and exported, granted per Act 38 Geo. 111. Cap. 76, outstanding, atfd undischarged ——

Amount of Sums remaining in the Exchequer, and of the estimated Produce of the Dudes of Customs on Goods imported and exported, to the 5th of April 1800; and of the estimated Sums to be received on additional Assessed Taxes, applicable to the Payment of the above Exchequer Bills -' ——

s.

1,991,5°°

911,760 — —

Deficiency

c

1.079,74° —

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, the 27th Day of March 180°.

Charles Long.

ok

AMOUNT of Exchequer Bills raised on the Credit of the Dudes on Income, granted per A ft 39 Geo. Ilf. Cap. 13, outstanding, and undischarged; and of the Duties on Income remaining in the Exchequer, and the estimated Sums remaining to be received, applicable to the Payment thereof.

Amount of Exchequer Bills raised on the Credit of the Dudes on Income, granted Act 39 Geo. 111. Cap. \3, outstanding, and undischarged - - - - -Amount of Dudes on Income remaining in the Exchequer, and the estimated Sums remaining to be received, applicable to the Payment of the above Exchequer Bills - - - £ s' L 4,204,60° — — 1,698,350 — —

Deficiency - ? 2,506,250 - — *

Whitehall Treasury Chambers, die 27th Day of March 1800. Charles Long.

Ah ACCOUNT of Monies advanced for Public Services from the Civil List (not being Part of the Ordinary Expenditure of the Civil List), and which have not been replaced by Parliament f spetifying the General Heads of Service for which any of the said Monies were advanced, and the Total Amount of the Advance on each Head respectively. / /

To Matthew Martin, Esquire, for the Relief of St. Domingo Claimants - Messrs. Laurie and Whittle, for printing Impressions of the Plan of the proposed Wet Docks Geo. Ro/e, Esquire, Expences of the Parliament Office in the Session 1798 — 9 Bernard Cobbe, Esquire, for the Expence of additional Clerks in the Office of the Commissioners for Auditing the Public Accompts ----- -- Expences of Police Office in Wapping - - - - -Representatives of Edward Blackstock, Esquire, for completing the 34th Volume of the Manuscript Journals of the House of Lords ----- -- William Chbmery, Esquire, to pay Bills drawn from New South Wales, which became due in 1779, being the Excess of the Sum granted by Parliament for that Purpose -Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to pay a Bill drawn by Senbouse Wilson, Esquire, from The Isle of Man, to complete the Pier at Douglas Harbour - - - - -William Howard, Esquire, for the Relief of Touloneje Emigrants, not included in Estimate for 1799 - - - -- --Henry Nettleship, Clerk to the Grocer's Company, for the Expence of publishing weekly the Average Price of Muscovado Sugar - - - £. s. d. 16,000 — — 177 6 6 348 3 9 2,482 16 — 2,646 9 6 no 17 9 9.760.13 10 255 9 — 900 — — 448 13 —

£ 33,130 9 4

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, the 27th Day of March 1800.

Charles Long.

Vol. 55;

Ordered

A. 1800.

Committee on Land Tax Commissioners Bill.

Bill for better Regulation of Mills, pre-lented.

Bill for better

regulating tht Assize ot Bread, presented.

Lancaster

Debtor *

Petition.

Volunteer Corps Indemnity Bill, deferred.

342 27® — 28°

Ordered, That the said Papers and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act, of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty " a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in " England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon " Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, " and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand " Eight hundred j" together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation of Mills And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for better regulating the Price and Assize of Bread: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the unfortunate Debtors, confined in His Majesty's Gaol the Castle of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrafted) for indemnifying Persons serving in Volunteer Corps, who have omitted to take out Certificates for wearing Hair Powder,- and to amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty " on Certificates issued for using Hair Powder;" as relates to the exempting Persons serving in Volunteer Corps from the said Duty, be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mar tit.

Veneris, 28° Mar Hi;

Anno 40 Georgii III,a Regis, 1800.

Prayers.

MR. Bur don reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and altering, the Road from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road at Elfdon High near the

Town of Elfdon, in the County of Northumberland, on the North East Side of the River Reed, through Over Acres, Elifhaw, and Catcleugh, to the Red upon

the Mid Border betwixt England and Scotland, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with (except that the laftof the Three Notices in The Newcaft/e Courant was not published until the 5th Day of October last, owing to a Misapprehcnsion of the Time when the said Act expired, oh which Account the First and Second Notices in that Newspaper were not given until the 21 ft and 28th Days of September, which Month had expired before the Third Notice could be given); and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; whereby it appeared, That the Term thereof is expired: — And,

A Member present informed Your Committee, That the said Road is of great Public Utility, tends to the Improvement of the Estates in the Neighbourhood thereof, both in England and Scotland, and to the In-, crease of the Trade and Commerce of the Town of Newcafll'e upon Tyne, in the county of , Northumberland, and the County of Roxburgh, and forms a Part of the Line of that Road, which is by many Miles the nearest Road between the City of Lon and the City of Edinburgh; and that, by reason of many heavy Carriages passing and repalling upon the fame, in all Sealons of the Year, the said Road constantly requires Reparation, and the Materials used for a great Part thereof are of such a soft Nature that it is impossible to keep the said Road in Repair, or pay and keep down the Interest of the Money borrowed, unless the said Act be revived and continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged, altered, and amended.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for reviving, continuing, and amending, an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Elfdon High Cross, near the Town of Elfdon, in the County of Northumberland, to the Red Szvyre, upon the Mid Border betwixt England and Scotland: And that Mr. Burden and

o 9 m

Mr. Attorney General do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John Stuart reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and repairing the Road from the Town of Stonehaven, through the Slug-mount, to the new Bridge over the River Dee at Coblekeugh, in the County of Kincardine, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report

to

Elfdon, &c. Road Petition, reported

Kincardine Roads Bill, reported.

Stoke upon Tern, Scc. Inclol'ure Bill, committed.

Ludham In-

closure and Drainage Bill, committed.

The Lords Jiave agreed to

Bank Agreement Bill.

Manchester. and Ashton under Lyne Canal Bill, reported.

Croflon, &c. Drainage Petition, reported.

40 Geo. Ill MartiL 343

to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Lands in the Parishes of Stoke upon Tern and Hinstock, in the County of was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Fane, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving, the Open Fields, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Ludham, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Buxton, Mr. Aftley, &e.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr.

Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for establishing an. Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing the Sum of Three Millfons towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred j without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending the several Acts passed for making, extending, finishing, and completing the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near Ashton under Lyne and Oldham, and the several Cuts and other Works authorized to be made and done by the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal Navigation, and for granting to the said Company further and other Powers, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and' made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Proprietors, or Agents for Owners or Proprietors, of Lands and Tenements, in the several Townships of Croflon,

Rufford, B iff ham, Tarlcton, and Bretherton, all in the County of Lancaster, or some or one of them, was referred} That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Drainage Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth }

viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Miller, Junior, being examined, said. That there is a considerable Extent of Low Lands in the said Townships, which are subject to be overflowed and

Vol. 55.

thereby much damaged, and, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; but if the said Low Lands were drained, it would be of great Advantage to the Owners and Proprietors thereof, and of Public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for draining, improving, and preserving, the Low Lands and Grounds, within the Townships of Croflon, Mawdefley, Rufford, Bifpham, Tarleton, and Bretherton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And that Mr. Stanley and Mr. Blackbume of Lancashire do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Saint John Hertford, and the Liberty of Br'tckcndon, in the Parish of All Saints Hertford, in the County of Hertford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanley, Mr. Baker, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners for executing an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing several Commonable Lands in the Parish of Barrington, in the County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read} Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that a Petition of Richard Esquire,

hath been presented. Hating several Grievances, which he pretends to have suffered by the Misconduct of the Petitioners, in carrying the said Act into Execution, and praying the House to take his same into Consideration, and to grant him such Relief as the Hardship of it shall appear to require; and that the said Petition contains many Misrepresentations of the Condufl and Proceedings of the Petitioners, as Commissioners, in carrying the said Act into Execution, and divers Statements, highly injurious to their Character, and which the Petitioners, with great Deference, assert, will, upon Examination, appear to be wholly void of Foundation; and that the Petitioqers have, in all Respects, to the belt of their Judgment, conformed to the Directions of the said Act, and the Oath which they have taken, to act impartially, and they are ready and desirous to meet any Enquiry which the House may think fit to direct into their Conduct or Proceedings as such Commissioners; and that, in or about the Month of June 1799, the said Richard Bendyfhe commenced an Action, in His Majesty's Court of Common Pleas, against the said Commissioners, which is (till depending, but the said Richard Bendyfhe hath not yet thought tit to declare, or to proceed further in his said Action: And therefore praying, if the House shall think fit to order any Enquiry upon the Petition of the said Richard Bendyfhe, That they may be at Liberty to be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the same Time, in order to disprove the Allegations contained in his said Petition, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Dickinspresented to the House, according to Or-

der, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of , in the

Counties of Bedford and North, or One of them: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill-be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Trustees for repairing and widening the Road from Borrowflow, by the Burgh of Linlithgow, and by the Towns of Bathgate,

and Whiteburn, to the Confines of the County of

St. John Hertford, Inclosure Bill committed.

Petition of Barrington Inclosure Commissioners.

Farndish Inclosure Bill presented *

Petition relative to Notice for Borrow-stowrmefs Road Bill *

344 280 Martii. A. 1800.

tithgow, at or near HollJmfeburn, was presented to the Bridge and Lewes in the County of Sussex, and

House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of for the better draining of the Low Lands lying in Lewes Leave granted by the House, on the nthDay of this and Laughton , in the said County, was read a Infant March, Notices have been given in The Edin- Second Time.

burgh Evening Courant, Three different Days in the said Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Sir Godfrey Month, of an Application having been made to Parlia- Webfier, Mr. Pelham, &c.: And they are to meet this ment for Leave to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's and enlarge the Powers, of an Act,'made in the Twen- Chamber, ty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for

repairing and widening the said Road: And therefore A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and en-prayingj That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to larging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed for widening continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of the said and repairing the High Road leading from Heron Act, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as which divides the Counties of Lancaster and the House shall think proper. land, to the Town of Kirk by in Kendal, and from the

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the said Town of in Kendal, through the Town of

Confederation of a Committee: And that they do ex- Shop, to Emont Bridge, in the said County of

amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it land, was read a Second Time.

shall appear to them, to the House: That the Bill be committed to Sir Michael

And it is referred to Mr. Hope, Mr. Ferguson, &c.: Le Fleming, Mr. Lowther,: And they are to meet

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's

Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Chamber.

Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Temple Bar Sir John William Anderson presented to the House, ac- Account of the Amount of Exchequer Bills issued in cor<^‘ngt0 Order, a Bill for raisinga further Sum of Money pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parlia-femed! for carrying into Execution Twofeveral Acts, passed in ment, intituled, "An Act for raising the Sum of Three the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of " Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds for the

His present Majesty, for widening and improving the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred

Entrance into the City of London, near Temple Bar, for " and Ninety-nine."

making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Hill, and for railing, on the Credit of the Orphans Account of the Amount of Exchequer Bills issued in Fund, a Sum of Money for those Purposes, and forex- pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parlia-plaining and amending the said Acts: And the same ment, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to was received; and read the First Time. " raise the Sum of Three Millions for the Uses and

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. " Purposes therein mentioned." '

Aidbourne Mr. Eftconrt reported from the Committee, to whom Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Poor Petition, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are whom the Bill for enabling the Huddersfield Canal Com-

rtponed. thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, pany to finish and complete the Huddersfield Canal, and

Inhabitants of the Parish Aidbourne, in the County of for amending the Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year Wilts, was referred; That the Committee had examined of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him maintaining the said Huddersfield Canal, was committed j to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose House; and he read the Report in his Place; and af- Names are thereto subscribed, being Owners or Pro-terwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where prietors of Stock or Shares in the Huddersfield Canal

the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. Navigation; and also, the Petition of Joseph Rad-

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. cliffe, of Milns Bridge, in the County of , Esquire; James Crowdy, being examined, said, That the said and also, the Petition of of

Parish is large and populous, and the Poor thereof ex- in the County of York, Esquire, on the Behalf of bim-ceedingly numerous;That the Overseers annually chosen self and divers other Persons, Owners and Occupiers of being frequently People in a large Way of Business, the Mills upon the Rivers Colne and Tame, in the Counties Office is sometimes executed by interested Deputies, of York and Lancaster, were severally referred; That the whereby the Money raised for the Relief of the Poor is Committee had considered the said Petitions, and had -often misapplied, and carelessly given away to improper examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the -Objects, and the Poor Rates within the said Parish an- same to be true; and that the Committee had gone Dually increased, to the great Grievance of the Persons through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-paying to the Relief of the Poor, which he apprehends unto, which they had directed him to report to the might, in a great Degree, be prevented, and the Poor House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-better maintained and taken Care of, if a proper and wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the suitable Workhouse were provided for the said Parish, Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read, wherein they might be kept and employed, and Power Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further given to compel them to work; and also if Power were Confederation upon Morning next,

given to appoint a fit and proper Person, as an additional Overseerof the said Parish, for the sole Purpose The House being informed that Mr. Cooke (from the of looking after the Poor thereof. Exchequer Bill Office) attended at the Door, he was

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pur-providing a Workhouse for the Use of the Parish of suant to their Orders,

Aidbourne, in the County of Wilts, and for appointing An Account the Exchequer Bills issued pursuant to an additional Overseer for the better Government of the Act 39 Cap. 69, on the Supply Anno 1799;

Poor of the said Parish: And that Mr. Eficourtand Mr. and also, an Account of the Exchequer Bills issued Penruddocke Wyndham do prepare, and bring in, the fame, pursuant to Act 39 Geo. III. Cap. 68, on the Vote of

Credit Anno 1799.

Kewharen A Bill to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an And then he withdrew.

Navigation Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His And the Title of the said Account was read.

aid Drainage present Majesty King George the Third, for improving The said Account is as followeth j Bin, commit- the Navigation of the River Oufey between Newhaven

To

Heron SyV# and Emont Bridge Read Bill, committed.

Accounts of Exchequer Bills, ordered.

Huddersfield Canal Bill, reported.

Account of Exchequer Bills, presented.

Eill to extend and Tax Redemption Adg, reported *

40 Geo. III. 28° Martii.

To the Honourable the Knights,'Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Exchequer Bills issued pursuant to Act 39 III. Cap. 69. on the Supply,

Anno 1799: And also.

An ACCOUNT of the Exchequer Bills issued pursuant to Act 39 Geo. III. Cap. 68. on the Vote

of Credit, Anno 1799.

1 £. s. d.

Supply, Anno 1799 - - 3,500,000

Vote of Credit, Anm 1799 - . ' - - - - 1,914,000

c 5,414,000

Exchequer Bill Office,

28th March 1800.

W" Cooke, Acctf.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Abbot, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for further extending the Period of Preference granted, and continued by several Acts, to Bodies Corporate and Persons for the Redemption of the Land Tax, and for enlarging several of the Powers contained in the said Acts, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his-Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout $ and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time

Upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Rose, and Mr.

Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Long presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

An Account' of Interest due to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on the Sum of £. 561,303. gs. 2 d.to the 3d Day of September last, on which Day the said Principal was discharged: And also.

An Account of the Charges of preparing and drawing the Lottery granted for the Service of the Year 1799.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth j

1

An ACCOUNT of Interest due to the Governor1 and Company of the Bank of England, on the Sum of £. 561,303. 95. 2 d. to the 3d Day of September, last, on which Day the said Principal - was discharged ..... £ 39,675. 13. 10.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, the 28th Day of March 1800.

Charles Long.

An ACCOUNT of the Charges of preparing and drawing the Lottery granted for the Service of

the Year 1799. 4

Paid for Charges of preparing and drawing the said Lottery -

Remains to be paid for D°

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, the 28th Day of March i8oq.

Charles Long.

Vol. 55.

4 T

Ordered,

Innkeepers Bill, ordered.

Accounts pre-fen ted.

Interest to the Bank.

Charges of Lottery.

a 8° Martii

Ordered, That the fa:.d Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be pciuted by the Members of the House.

Lind T?x Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Commissioners Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Bdi, reported, appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for . continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on " Penhons, Offices, and Personal Estates, in " Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon , and

" certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, " for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hun- dredtogether with those named in Two former Aids for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had direided him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments-were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question

severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Bill to enable Courts of Equity to compel a Transfer of Stock, pafod.

Roys I Assent to a Bill.

. 1800,

Assent to the said Bill: Which Bill is as followeth;

viz.

An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing the Sum of Three Millions towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One dred.

thousand Eight hun-

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to enable Courts of Equity to compel a Transfer of Stock in Suits, without making the Governor and Company of the Bank of England Party thereto, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to enable Courts of Equity to compel aTrans-fer of Stock in Suits, without making the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, or other Parts of America, Party thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Simeon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message by Sir Francis Gentleman Usher

of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to an Act agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to a Public Bill therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, H4\Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of the Lord Arch-

bishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bill; and that the Lord Arcl.bishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Steward of His Majesty's Household, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal 9

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

'V

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to esquire

into the State of the British Herring Fisheries, and into the moll effectual Means for their Improvement and Extension, and to report the fame, from Time to Time, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Nicholas Jittart, Mr. Charles Yorke, Sir William Pulteney, Lord John Campbell, Mr. Jefferys, Mr. Sir Thomas

Charles Bunbury, Mr. Bragge, the Lord Mr.

Thornton, Mr. Douglas, Sir Martin Browne the Lord Hawkesbury, Mr. Scott, Mr. Bunozv, Mr. John Campbell; and all the Members who l'erve for the Counties of Northumberland, Durham, York, Lincoln, Norfolk, Suffolk, Essex, Kent, Sr fix, Hants, Dorset, Corn-

wall, Somerset, Glamorgan, Carmarthen, Pembroke, Cardigan, Flint, Denbigh, Chejrer,

and Cumberland, and for North Britain: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Acts passed relating to the Subject of the Herring Filliery, be referred to the said Committee. '

Ordered, That the several. Reports which have from Time to Time been made to this House, upon the Subject of the Herring Fishery, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to explain and amend an A&, made" in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation of Mills," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for better regulating the Price and Assize of Bread, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Strachey, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred toconsider of the several Accounts and Papers, which were presented to the House, upon the 3d Day of February last, by Mr. Owen (from the Directors of the East India Company) the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the

Clerk's

House rr ft‘Ives to adjourn to Monday.

Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the Herring Fish eries.

A3s referred.

Reports Do.

Bill for bettr-Regulation of Mills, com. m.tted.

Bill for better regulating the Alftze of Bread, committed.

Report on East India Company's Revenue Accounts.

40 Geo. III. 28° Maftit, 347

Clerk's Table: Where the same were fead; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That It is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it appears, that the Annual Revenues of the India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bakar, and Orijj'a, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Poll Office Collect ions, Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Police Taxes, Customs, Sales of Salt and Opium, and Stamp Du ties, amounted, on the Average of Three Years, 1795-6 to 1797-8, both inclusive, to the Sum of Five Crore Seventy-two Lacs Sixty-nine Thousand Four Hundred and Seventy-two Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it appears, that the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijj'a, and from Benares and , under the same Heads which were estimated for the Year 1797-8 to amount to Five Crore Seventy-four Lacs Thirty-eight Thousand Four Hundred and Seventy-seven Current Rupees, amounted to Five Crore Seventy-eight Lacs Twenty-seven Thousand Four Hundred and Thirteen Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it appears, that the Charges incurred by the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijfa, and in Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, and the Charges of the Stamp Office, which were estimated, for the Year 1797-8, at Three Crore Eighty-nine Lacs Thirty-nine Thousand Nine Hundred and Ten Current Rupees, amounted to Four Crore Three Lacs Sixteen Thousand Five Hundred and Ninety-nine Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it appears, that the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijj'a, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Poll Office Collections, Be-nares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Police Taxes, Customs, the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, and the Stamp Duties, for the Year 1798-9, are estimated, by the Governor General and Council, to amount to the Sum of Six Crore Twenty-five Lacs Ninety-six Tjioufand and Eight Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it appears, that the Charges to be defrayed by the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orift'a, and in Benares and Oude, under the Heads

of Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, and the Charges of the Stamp Office, for the Year 179S-9, are estimated by the Governor General and Council to amount to the Sum of Three Crore Ninety-five Lacs Twenty-eight Thousand Four Hundred and Seventy-three Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it appears, that the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in The Carnatic and Northern Circars (exclusive of Ceylon) under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Poll Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs Subsidies from the Nabob of Arcot, the Rajah of and the Nizam,

Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, amounted on the Average of Three Years, 1795-6 to 1797-8, both inclusive, to the Sum of Forty-five Lacs Sixty-one Thousand Eight Hundred and Eighty-three Pagodas.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it appears, that the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in The Cqrnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint

Vol. 55.

or Coinage Duties, Post Office Coiicclions, Sea and Land Customs, Subsidies from the Nabob of Arcot, the Rajah of Tanjore, the Nizam, Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, which were estimated, for the Year 1797-8, to amount to Fifty-eight Lacs Thirty-six Thousand Six Hundred and Eighty-nine Pagodas, amounted to Forty-eight Lacs Forty-seven Thousand Three Hundred and Seventy-seven Pagodas.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it appears, that the Charges incurred by the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in The Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the respective Heads, of Post Office, Civil, Military, and Revenue Charges, and for Buildings and Fortifications, which were estimated, for the-Year 1797-8, to amount to Sixty-two Lacs Seven Thousand and Ninety-six Pagodas, amounted to Sixty-two Lacs Eighty-nine Thousand Four Hundred and Thirty-six Pagodas.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,-That it appears, that the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint , and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in The Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads aforesaid, for the Year 1798-9, are estimated, by the Governor and Council of Madras, to amount to Fifty Lacs Twelve Thousand Four Hundred and Eighty-three Pagodas.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it appears, that the Annual Charges to be defrayed by the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and in The Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the respective Heads aforesaid, in the Year 1798-9, are estimated, by the Governor and Council of Madras, to amount to the Sum of Seventy-one Lacs Forty-three Thousand Seven Hundred and Ninety-seven Pagodas.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it appears, that the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settle.nents subordinate thereto, amounted, on an Avenge of Three Years, 1795-6 to 1797-8, both in-clulive, to the Sum of Twenty-seven Lacs Sixty Thousand Six Hundred and Sixty-two Rupees.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it appears, that the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, which were estimated,-for the Year 1797-8, to amount to Twenty-eight Lacs Thirty-six Thousand Four Hundred and Fifty Rupees, amounted to Thirty Lacs Six Thousand One Hundred and Twenty-nine Rupees.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it appears, that the Charges incurred by the East India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, which were estimated, for the Year 1797-8, to amount to Seventy-five Lacs Two Thousand Six Hundred and Sixty-seven Rupees, amounted to Eighty-three Lacs Fifty-four Thousand Eight Hundred and Fifty-five Rupees.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it appears, that the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, for the Year 1798-9, are estimated, by the Governor and Council of,

to amount to Thirty Lacs Seventy-six Thousand Five Hundred and Thirty-seven Rupees.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it appears, that the Annual Charges to be defrayed by the East India Company, at the Presidency of Bomber/, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, in the Year 1798-9, are estimated, by the Governor and Council of Bombay, to amount to Eighty-eight Lacs Fifty-nine Thousand Five Hundred and Fifty Rupees.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it appears, that the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Rcfidency of Fort

an d

34$

2 8° — 3 x°

A. 1800.

and its Dependencies, anting from Customs, Farms, and Licences, amounted, on an Average of Three Years, i79;-h to 1797-8, both inclusive, to Twenty Thousand Seven Hundred and Seven Spanish Dollars.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it appears, that the Debts owing by the East India Company, at the several Settlements in India, amounted, on the 30th April 1798, to the Sum of Eleven Crore Three Lacs Twenty-six Thousand Four Hundred and Fifty-two Current Rupees.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it appears, that the Part of the aforesaid Debts bearing Interest amounted to Eight Crore Ninety-three Lacs Thirty-six Thousand Four Hundred and Eighty-six Current Rupees, and that the Interest thereon amounted to Seventy-five Lacs Eighty-one Thousand Three Hundred and Fifty-three Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it appears, that the Value of Assets in India, confiding of Cafii in the Treasuries, of Bills receivable, of Goods provided to be shipped for England, of Goods imported to be sold in India, of Salt, Opium, &c. and of Stores for Use, of Sale, amounted, on 30th April 1798 (including Current Rupees, Five Crore Fifty-seven Lacs Eighty-four Thousand Five Hundred and Fifty-one, of Debts stated to be owing to the Company there) to Nine Crore Ninety-two Lacs Twenty-nine Thousand and Thirty-four Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of /this Committee, That it appears, that the Balance of Stock against the East India Company's Commerce in China, amounted, on the 30th April 1798, to the Sum of One Million Seventy-three Thousand Six Hundred and Seven Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it appears, that the Debts owing by the East India Company in Great Britain (including Nine Hundred and Forty-six Thousand Nine Hundred and Thirty-four Pounds of Debts transferred from India) amounted, on ift March 1799, to Seven Millions One Hundred and Three Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty-two Pounds. __

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it appears, that the Effects of the East India Company in England and afloat outward, consisting of Annuities, Calli in the Treasury, Goods fold not paid for. Goods unfold. Cargoes afloat, and other Articles in their Commerce, amounted, on ift March 1799, to the Sum of Seventeen Millions One Hundred and Nineteen Thousand Six Hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it appears, that the Sales of the East India Company's Goods, which, in February 1793, were estimated, on an Average,' to amount to Four Millions Nine Hundred and Eighty-eight Thousand Three Hundred Pounds, amounted, in the Year 1798-9, to the Sum of Eight Millions Three Hundred and Thirty-seven Thousand and Sixty-six Pounds.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

wnysami Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Means,d<ur- to ref0;ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingl);

Supply, dc-Jimed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That ,the Order of the Day, for the Third Volunteer Reading of the ingrossed Bill for indemnifying Persons serving in Volunteer Corps, who have omitted to take ten^e. out Certificates for wearing Hair Powder, and to amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Certificates " issued for using Hair Powder," as relates to the exempting Persons serving in Volunteer Corps from the said Dufy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon, Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself intoa Committee of the whole Committee on House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of fe- ways, &c« veral Acts, made in the Thirteenth and Thirty-fourth Acts *

Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, respecting the Public Highways, and also, of another Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and to report their Observations, together with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Buxton took the Chair of the Committee.

And the Committee having been told, and Forty ' Members not being present;

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair. *

And the House being told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

M

Lunce, 310 die Martii;

Anno 40° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1800.

Prayers.

R. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Free- Order for con-

_ ___ men of the City of Canterbury, who petitioned

this, House upon the 14th Day of this Instant March, menofCanl complaining of an undue Election and Return for the t rbury» said City, had not entered into a Recognizance in re- curs sped of such Petition, according to the Directions of an Act made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the fur-

" ther Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament."

Ordered, That the Order, made upon the 14th Day of this Instant March, for taking the said Petition into Confederation Tomorrow, be discharged.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, regulating, Normamon and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, vP°n Trent , Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of palfah" Normauton upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, regulating, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Normauton upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered,

bcii nm Tn-dolure Bill, prd'eoted.

Leicester and Llelton Mow-broy Navigation Petition, leported.

40 Geo. III.

3 10 Martii.

349

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont do carry the Bill to the pletion of the said Plan, and, td endfcle them so to do. Lords, and desire their Concurrence. it is also rieceflary and reasonable, that they should be

enabled to take an adequate additional Tonnage for Mr. Bramston presented to the House, according to every Passage of Coals, Goods, Wares, and Merchan-

Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the dizes, upon the said Navigation: — And, the Witness Heaths and Commons, and for exonerating, from Com- added. That the said Act hath been found, in several mon Right, the Half Year Lands, and Lammas Lands, Respects, defective, and requires to be altered and within the Manors of Dedham Hall and Over hall, and amended.

Netherhall, in the Parish of , in the County of

Essex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Leicester Navigation to Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to complete their Navigation, and to discharge the Debts contracted by them in the Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp reported from the Com- making thereof, and for amending the Act, passed in mittee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Pro- the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Ma-prietors of the Navigation from the Leicester Naviga- jesty, for making and maintaining the said Navigation 1 tion to Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, And that Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp and Mr. Keck

was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common or Waste Ground called Ashby Wm/ds, in the Manor and Parish of in the County of Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, bad

Ashby Would Inclosure Bill/ reported.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, been complied with; and that the Committee had ex-pasted in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His amined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fame

present Majesty, for making navigable the Rivers and Eye, from the Junction of the said River Wreak, with the intended Navigation from Loughborough to Leicester, at, or near, a certain Place called Turnwater Meadozv, in the Lord ship of CoJJington, to CloJ'e Hmejlead, in the Parish of Mellon Mowbray, all in the County of Leicester, was read: And,

Mr. Charles Latham, Clerk to the said Company, being examined, said. That the Petitioners have proceeded to put the said Act into Execution, and nearly completed the said Navigation, and the Works thereby authorized to be made; that the Estimate for execut-

to be trye; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Property alfessed to the Land Tax at £.6. is. 4 1 per , who were

neuter, and that the Whole of the Property is sfiefted at £<633. 45. 1 d. per; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the BUI, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where ing the said Undertaking, made by an experienced En- the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then gineer, amounted to the Sum of £. 18,125, but for fe- a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question veral Reasons, and principally on Account of the Ad- severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. vance in the Price of Labour, during the Execution of Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be the Works, and the great Damage done thereto, by ingrafted.

Frost, Snow, and Floods, the Expence of making the said Navigation and Works was increased beyond the A Petition of Simon Payne, Esquire, was prgfented to Petition for Estimate so far, that, previous to the said Navigation the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Peti- ^a'petmon being opened, the said Company of Proprietors had not tioner is Lord of the Manor of Uphill, in the County of for Uphill u.

only expended the Sum of £. 30,000, which was the Somerset, and, together with several other Persons, is in- closure-

whole Sum the Petitioners were, by the said Act, enabled terested in the Waste and Commonable Lands and to raise, but had contracted Debts to a very considerable Grounds within the said Parish; and that the Peti-

Amoynt; that, since opening the said Navigation, the tioner, in the Months of August and September last.

Petitioners have expended, in the Execution of the said caused a written Notice of an Application to Parlia-Works, all the Tonnages they have from Time to Time ment for Leave to bring in a Bill for dividing and in-xeceived; notwithstanding which they are still in Debt, doling certain Waste and Commonable Lands called to a very large Amount, and have several Weirs and Uphill-Moor, Uphill-Hill, Newham Worth, Slimeridge

~ Worth, and all other Waste and Commonable Lands situate and being within the said Parish of Uphill, to be affixed on the Church Door of the Parish of Uphill, for Three Sundays, pursuant to the Standing Order of

Back Drains to make, for the Accommodation of the Occupiers of Meadows on the Line of the said Navigation, and several Mills on the said Line to alter, agreeable to the Directions of the said Act; that, by

making the said Navigation, and the Facility of Water the House, and lent to his Agent in Town to know the Carriage, a Reduction of more than One Third in the last Day appointed by the House for receiving Petitions Price of Coals has taken place in the Town of Melton for Private Bills, and was informed to the Effect that Mozvbray, and the Neighbourhood, and considerable the Petitioner had till the Middle of the present Month Reduction has also taken place in the Price of Carriage to present his Petition; and that it is of great Impor-of all Articles of Merchandize passing upon the said tance to the Petitioner, and the other Persons interested, Navigation, so as to make a very important Saving to that such a Bill should be brought in during the present the Public; and that in order to enable the Petitioners Session, if Parliament should think proper to pass the to discharge the Debts they have unavoidably incurred, fame, as it would be of great Advantage to their Estates and to execute the several Works yet incomplete, so as and Interests: And therefore praying, That, in Confi-to render the said Undertaking complete and generally deration of the Circumstances above stated, he may be beneficial to the Neighbourhood, and the Public, it is permitted to present a Petition for dividing and inclosing receflary they should be empowered to raise such fur- the said Lands and Grounds, under such Regulations as ther Sums of Money as may be required for the Com- to the House shall seem meet.

Vo l. 55. 4U Ordered,

Lmve given.

Petition pre-lunted.

Chippenham, & r.Roads Bill, pi dented.

Aldbourne Poor Bill, pre-Icnted.

Lightpill and BinilipRbad Bill, presented.

Bcrlifcombe JnrNifwc Bill, ‘ passed.

Ovington Tn-cloime Bill, jM'cimled.

350 31° Martii. 1800.

Ordered, That, -'in Confederation of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Petitioner.

Then a Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others. Proprietors of Tenements, commonly called Old Auster or ancient Tenements, and of Estates within the Parish of Uphill, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, certain Open and Common Fields, Commonable Places, and Waste Lands, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be very advantageous to the Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof set out and allotted to them, according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-- suant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Mr.

EJlcourt and Mr. Bragge do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. EJlcourt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the Road from a Place called The Stone Pillar, or Cross Hand, in the Parish of Chip-

penham, in the County of Wil to, or near to, a Bridge called Knox Bridge, in the Parish of in the County of Gloucester, and several ether Roads therein

mentioned, in the said Counties of Wilts and cejier: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Bejolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. EJlcourt presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for providing a Workhouse for the Use of the Parish of Aldbourne, in the County of Wilts, and for appointing an additional Overseer for the better Government of the Poor of the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. EJlcourt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Road from or from near Lightpill Gate, on the Road leading from Bath to Dudbridge, in the Parish of to

join the Turnpike Road from to Cheltenham,

at or near Birdlip, in the Parishes of Brimpsfield and Cowley, or one of them, all in the County of ter: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Bnrlifcombe, in the County of Devon, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Ufcombe, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Mr. Bajlarddo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Buxton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Open Fields, Commons, Commonable Wood Grounds, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Refdved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

6

Mr. Shinier presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading, out of the Turnpike Road from Mauchester to IVigan, at the Four Lane Ends in Hindley, by Bamferlong, into the Turnpike

Road from Wigan to AJ/iton, in the Township of in'Mackerfield, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill bq read a Second Time.

Mr. Stanley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the South End of The Moor Lane, in the Township of Great Bolton, into the Turnpike Road from Mauchester to Wigan, near Westhoughton Chapel, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Alexander Hope reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for repairing and widening the Road from Borr by the Burgh of Linlithgow, and by the Towns of Bath-

gate, and Whiteburn, to the Confines of the County of Linlithgow, at or near Hollhovfebuwas referred; That

the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present produced to Your Committee, The Edinburgh Evening Ccurant, in which Notices have been given Three different Times in the present Month of March, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House of the nth Instanr, of an Application having been made to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the said Road.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon the nth Day of this Instant March, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereto subscribed, Trustees for repairing and widening the Road from Borrowjlownness, by the Borough of Linlithgow, and by the Towns of Torphichen, Bathgate, and Whiteburn, to the Confines of the County of Linlithgow, at or near houseburn, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly j

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Port of Borrow/} ozvnncjf, by the West of the Borough of Linlithgow, and by the Towns of Torphichen, Bathgate, and and from thence

Southward to the Confines of the County of Linlithgow, at or near Hoi/houseburn: And that Mr.

Hope and Mr. William Dundas do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River 7homesnear to the Town of Gravesend, in the County of Kent, to the River Medway, at a Place called Nicholson'sShip Yard, in the Parish of Frindsbury, in the said County, and also a certain. Collateral Cut from White Wain the said Parish, to the said River Medway, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Right honourable the Earl of Dam -ley, on Behalf of himself, and several other Persons, being Owners and Occupiers of Estates on the Line of the proposed Canal from Gravesend to in the

Hind'ey and Alh'.on Road Bill, prcienicJ,

Great Bolreo Road Bill, pre-feu ted.

Petition relative to Notices for Borrow-H own nc l b Road Bill, reported.

Bill ordered.

Thame" and Mcdwa t Canal Bill, reported and re-commitied.

Lwtberhcad Road Bill, reported

Innkeepers

Bill, presented.

HutWersfleM Canal Bill, deterred.

Windier Writ.

Committor on Bncourage-aient to Ini-porration of feus, && 4c-fnred.

40 Geo. III. 31° Mar til. 351

County of Kent, was refected; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Behalf of the said Petition, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And it appearing that there was an Omission in the said Report, and that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, upon the Commits on

8th Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee '[$!!h-

of the whole House, to consider further of the Report wjyl, &c. " which was made from the Committee, who were ap- Acts pointed to consider of several Acts, made in the Thirteenth and Thirty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, respecting the Public Highways, and also, of another Ait, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called,

and to report their Observations, together with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Sir John Frederick reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Swan Inn at to the

May Pole at the upper End of Sfatal or Son erfet , in the Parish of Stoke, near the Town of Guldeford, in the County of Surrey, was committed; That the Com-rnitteehad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Bragge presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers: And the same was received; and read the FiiftTime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved. That the Order made upotl Friday last, for taking into further Consideration, Tomorrow, the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Huddersfield Canal Company to finish and complete the Huddersfield Canal, and fot amending the Ad, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Huddersfield CanaJ, was committed, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be dilchaiged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of in the County of Berks, in the room of the Honourable Robert Fulk Greville, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Grooms of His Majesty's Bedchamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of giving Encouragement to the Importation of Oats and Oatmeal into this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being rqad accordingly;

V#t. 55-

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the AflrefpefKng last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for per- saUPme to " mitting certain Goods imported from the East Indiet Uconsidered. M to be warehoused; and for repealing the Duties now " payable thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu " thereof," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as relates to the Duties on Salt Petre,

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Mer- Petition of chants of England trading into the Levant Seas, was pre- T"!j)"^rCom fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the L :ive to pre-Petitioners, having been prevented from presenting a Petition. Petition to the House, for Assistance so enable them to support their necessary Expences, in consequence of their not having received His Majesty's Consent before the Expiration of the Time for receiving Private Petitions, pray. That the House will give them Leave to present a Petition for that Purpose.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Leave given, Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas.

Then a Petition of the Governor and Company of Petition pre-Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, femeJ' being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth. That the Trade between this Kingdom and Turkey has, for a long Series of Years, been carried on by a Society of Merchants incorporated by Charters, and regulated by Acts of Parliament; and that, in order to carry on this Trade with Safety, and protect His Majesty's Subjects in the Turkish Dominions, it has been found necessary that an Ambassador or Public Minister should be font from England to reside at Constantinople, and that Consuls, Vice Conluls, and other Officers and Servants, Ihbuld be established in other Parts of Turkey where British Subjects reside, and where the English Merchants carry on Trade; the whole Expence of which has been borne by the Turkey Company, which, together with other Expences incident to carrying on this Trade, have of late Years amounted to about £. 8,000, per Annum; and the Petitioners feel it incumbent on them to represent, that the House which has always been appropriated for the Reception of His Majesty's Ambafia dor at The Porte is falling to Decay, and it will be necessary to cause a new one to be built, in case it should be thought expedient to provide a permanent residence for a Public Officer of so much Consequence, a Measure which muff: be left to the Wisdom of Parliament, and, if adopted, will necessarily be attended with considerable

JExpyice i

352 ' 31 # MartA. 1800.

Expence j and that the Petitioners acknowledge with Gratitude the Grants they have frequently received, but they are sensible they should not discharge the Duty incumbent on them by their Charter, nor the Justice which they owe to the Public (for whom they consider themselves as TruBees) if they did not declare their present Inability to defray so heavy a Charge, and to support their Establishments in without the Assist-

ance of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take these Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as may be thought necessary and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Fctitio" ^ve- A Petition of sundry Noblemen, Gentlemen, and terin.ipf C1- others, Subscribers to an InBitution called The Veterinary !o^re(Vnt aTe College, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Petition. forth, That, in pursuance of the Plan stated to the House in a Petition by them presented on the 6th of February 1795, their Exertions have been continued to carry into Effect the several beneficial Purposes proposed to be derived from the Establishment of a College for the Study and Practice of Veterinary Science; that, for the general Benefit of the Proprietors of Horles and other valuable Cattle, they have Pleasure in Bating, that Seventy-two Pupils have passed Examination at the said College, many of whom are now settled in different Towns of the Kingdom, and are practising the Knowledge they have acquired to the great Advantage of the Public; and it is with peculiar Satisfaction the Petitioners are enabled to Bate, that the Importance of the InBitution haring been taken into Consideration by His Royal Highness the Commander in Chief, the Propriety of appointing Persons educated at the College to be Veterinary Surgeons in the several Regiments of Cavalry has been determined on, in pursuance of a Report from a Board of General Officers, to whom the Subject had been referred; and that, in consequence of such Decision, Thirty-four Pupils, whose Education has been completed, are engaged in the Service of the Army, and Twenty-eight other Pupils are now pursuing their Studies at the College, several of them intending to fill similar Situations as loon as they shall be deemed duly qualified, each of them being subject to the same rigorous Examination of the Medical Committee, and to be certified in the same Manner as has 'hitherto been practised in respect of the other Pupils of the College: — And, the Petitioners further Bate, That, desirous of rendering to the utmoB of their Power their InBitution advantageous to the Public Service, the Colonels of the different Cavalry Regiments have been invited to fend each a Farrier to the College, in order to his being taught the Strudture, Economy, and different Diseases of the Horse's Foot, and inffrudted in a Mode of shoeing, tending very materially to its Preservation, and that many Army Farriers have been consequently admitted into the College for In-Bruction in that particular Part of Veterinary Knowledge; and that the College continues under the Di-redtion of the Professor Mr. Co/emau, a Gentleman of Talents and Skill, and who, by many useful and important Discoveries in the Science, has, in the Opinion of the Petitioners, fully juffified the Expectations formed of irs Improvement from his Exertions j and that the Petitioners have already Bated to the House the Difficulties which have occurred in the Execution of their Plan, and particularly from the embarassed State of their Finances; and, though the Aid so liberally granted by Parliament has in a great Degree alleviated their Difficulties, it has yet proved inadequate to remove them entirely, n >twithstanding the Petitioners have, with the utmoB Frugality, reduced their Annual Expenditure much within the EBimate of the Committee of the House to whom their Petition was referred, and within those Limits to which they are Bill of Opinion it would be p:oper to extend it, in order that the Public may derive the full Benefit of such an Establishment, the Petitioners have again with Regret to Bate that (under the heavy

Pressure of Debt, of which, an Account is before the House) without further Aid from Parliament it will be impossible to bring to Perfection an Establishment which, from the Advantages accruing from the more skilful Care of so important a Branch of Public Property as the Horses of the Army, is become more than ever an Ob-jedt of National Importance; and that the Petitioners were unable to obtain His Majesty's Recommendation, before the lateB Day appointed by the House for receiving Private Petitions had elapsed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to exhibit a Petition for the Purpose above-mentioned, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered', That, in Consideration of the particular Lear given, Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others.

Then a Petition of sundry Noblemen, Gentlemen, and Petition pre-others, Subscribers to an InBitution called The Veterinary ftn, edi

College, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Containing the same Allegations as the lass preceding Petition; and praying, That such Relief may be granted as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Grants of Parliament to the Veterinary pran, r° v« *

-„ „ i- 11 ternary Col-

Lollege, with the Receipt, the Expenditure, and the lege, ordered. Debts, of that InBitution, to the 27th of February 1 Soo.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill to extend Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for further extending the Period of Preference granted, and continued by fe- passed. veral Acts, to Bodies Corporate and Persons for the Redemption of the Land Tax, and for enlarging several of the Powers contained in the said Acts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, declaring that Patrons of Livings, who have redeemed their Land Tax, shall be entitled to the same Remedies for Recovery of the Amount as Landlords have.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Quession put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for extending, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and One, the Period of Preference granted, and continued by several Acts, to Bodies Corporate, and Persons, for the Redemption of Land Tax, and for enlarging several of the Powers contained in the said Acts.

Ordered, That Mr. Douglas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Commit- of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, SuPPl)r-to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account, Biewing how the Money, Account , Sec. given for the Service of the Year 1799, has been disposed referred, of, distinguished under the several Heads, and the Parts,

remaining unsatisfied, with the estimated Surplus thereon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Excess beyond Secret Servic the Sum granted in thc4laff Session of Parliament, for

Printing of Journals, See.

House for de-pofiting Journals.

fciofectitior.s, &c. itlating to Coin.

CommirHorers for American Awards.

Police Office in Wapping.

Repairs at King's iiench Prison.

D° at The

Marflttiica.

Amount of Exchequer N Rdls.

Mer.t. S ad-Vmcid from Civil Lilt.

Interest to the stank.

Charges cf Lotiuy.

F'cchequer

Kills,

Militia Erti-niate.

40 Geo. III.

His Majesty's Secret Service Abroad, for the Year 1799, be.referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expences likely to be incurred for printing the Journals of the House of Commons, for printing and delivering the Votes, and for printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, by Order of the I-Ioufe of Commons, for Session 1799-1800, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Expences attending the Purchase of a House, in Abingdon Street, for deposing the Journals of the Eloufe of Commons, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Expences incurred for Prosecutions relating to Coin, for the Year 1799, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of the Office of Commissioners for American Awards, for the Year 1S00, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence likely to be incurred for the Police Office in Wapping, for the Year 1800, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the probable Expence incurred, and to be incurred, for Repairs at the King's Bench Prison, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence incurred for Repairs at The Marshalsea Prison, be reterred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Amount of " Exchequer Bills raised on the Credit of the Aid and " Contribution granted for the Prosecution of the War, " per Act 38 Geo 111. Cap. 16, and on the Duties of

" Customs cn Goods imported and exported, granted " perAft 38 Geo. III. Cap. 76, outstanding, and undif-

" charged; and of the Sums remaining in the Exchequer, and estimated to be received, applicable to the " Payment thereof," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Amount of Exchequer Bills raised on the Credit of the Duties on " Income, granted per Act 39 Geo. III. Cap. 13, out(landing, and undischarged; and of the Duties on In-w come remaining in the Exchequer, and the estimated " Sums remaining to be received, applicable to the Payment thereof," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Monies advanced for Public Services from the Civil List (not being Part of the Ordinary Expenditure of the Civil List), and which have not been replaced by Parliament, specifying the g- neral Heads of Service for which any of the said Monies were advanced, and the Tutal Amount of the Advance on each Head relpeCiively, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Interest due to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on the Sum ofjf.561.303. 9.0 2d. to the 3d Day of September last, on which Day the said Principal was discharged, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Charges of preparing and drawing the Lottery grant id for the Service of the Year 1799, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Exchequer Bills issued pursuant to Ad 39 Geo. III. Cap. 69, on the Supply Ai.no 1799; also an Account of the Exchequer Bills issued pursuant to Act 39 Geo. III. Cap. 68, on the Vote of Credit Anno 1799, be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion was made, That the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for the Year 1800, be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House. That His Majesty recommends it to the House, to make such Provision for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the ^Jviilitia, for the Year xSoo, as they shall think necessary.

Vol. 55.

353

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion was made, That the Report which was Estimate of . made from the Committee, who were appointed to pre- Allowance to

T-n- rIT- 11 Adjutants, See.

pare an Estimate of the Expence ot Allowances to be of Militia, itiade'to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants of the Militia, disembodied in pursuance of an Act of the pre-lent Session of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty \ recommends it to the House, to make such Provision for defraying the Expence of Allowances to be made to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants of the Militia, disembodied in pursuance of an Act of this Session of Parliament, for the Year 1800^ as they shall think ne-celfary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into (he said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Refc/ved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^e^a"d to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Refo/vcd, That this House will, upon Morning next,- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second p^,. Ren, ovai reading of the Bill to prevent, for a Time to be limited. Bill, com-the Removal of Casual Poor, notwithstanding the y may imtted' have received Parochial Relief;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The House divided. The Noes went forth.

Tellers for he Yeas, {; £, I21 *

Teliers for the Noes, j } I9 *

So it was resolved in the Affirmative. *

4 X The

316 Martii.

PoM'nes Bill,

Oi ivtcJ.

L^nd Tix Cost, mu] i'incvs Bill, dckiud.

Volunteer

Corps In. df n i n i i y Bill,

deterred.

Pot.Tocs Ei!l,

prcuiiicJ.

Lei c« Iter uv.d Melton.Mow bray Navigation Bill, p.e-

krauji.

354 31° Martiu — i° Apr His. i 8oa.

The laid Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Rtfo Vid, That the Bill be committed.

Refonn-J, That the Bill be committed toa Committee of the whole House.

Re forced.That tins House will. Tomorrow Morning, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to enable Parish Officers to apply Part of the Poors Rate in the Purchase of Potatoes, to be distributed to the Poor for planting; and also, to promote the Cultivation of Potatoes on Waste Lands, with the Consent of all Parties interested therein: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. II nick ins Brczvne do prepare, and bring in, the fame. x

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and " Personal Estates, in England and the Towm of " Berwick ttr.cn Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, " Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year " One thousand Eight hundred," together with those named in Two former Acts, for appointing Commissioners of the I and Tax;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read; for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for indemnifying. Persons serving in Volunteer Corps, who have omitted to take out Certificates for wearing Hair Powder, and to amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " granting to His Majesty a Duty on Certificates issued " for uling Hair Powder," as relates to the exempting Persons serving in Volunteer Corps from the said Duty;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time -To -morrow Morning. 1

Mr. IMlberforce presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable Parish Officers to apply ai Part of the Poors Rate in the Purchase of Potatoes to be distributed to the Poor for planting; and also, to promote I he Cultivation of Potatoes on Waste Lands, with the Consent of all Parties interested therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, i Die Afrilis;

ing the said Navigation: And the same W'as received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Milton, in the County of Cambridge, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for Application of Money raised, in case a proper Purchase of Land cannot be found in the Parish,

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

After " Lands" to insert " with the " Consent of the Owners of such " old inclosed Lands."

After " thereto" to insert " or dif " posed of as the said Commissioners shall direct."

After " Securities" to insert " or " from the Money laid out in the " Purchase of Navy, Victualling, " or Exchequer Bills, as herein after mentioned."

To leave out from " Bills" to " and, " in 1. io.

1. 35. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line, to the End of 1. 1, in

Pr 57-

After " Nature" to insert " Provided always."

After " Proprietors" to insert " being Tenants for Life, or in " Tail, or upon any other Contingency."

1. 7. After " and" to insert " effect ually." 1. 12. After " made" toinlert "Provided " always, That it shall not be lawful to raise, by such Sale, any " further or other Sum of Mortey than is hereinbefore authorized to be borrowed by the " Person or Persons, any Part of " W'hole Allotment or Ailotments shall be fofold or disposed of as aforesaid."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing; allotting, inclosing, and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Milton, in the County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Yorke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Pr. 14. 1. 37-

Pr. 50. 1- 34-

Pr. 52. 1- 3.

pr- 53- 1. 8.

Pr. 54. V 35-

Pr. 66. 1. 32.

Pr. 67. 1. 3.

Anno 40° Georgii IIP'- Regis, 1800. Prayers.

SIR Edmund Cradock Hartopp presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Navigation to Melton Mowbray, in the County of to complete their Navigation, and to discharge the Debts contrafted by them in the making thereof, and for amending the Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintain-

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ordand Mr.:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act; for opening and making Two new Streets in the City of Aberdeen-,without any Amendment: And also,

4 The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for diverting, altering,.

widening,

Milton Inci»~ lute . Bill, paired.

The Lord have agreed to

Abeideen Streets Bill.

9

Hilifax and Sowerby Bridge Roads Bill.

Glenwhdtj&c. Roads Bill.

Hexham at J AUiun Head Bill.

Snettifham Inclosure Bill.

Wcndl bury loclolure B«ll.

Lincoln Writ.

Hampstead Poor Bill, pre-iSented. 4

Thames and Medway Canal re committed BiJj reported.

Fsrndish In-clafure Bill, committed.

Over and Nether Dean Inclosure Bill, reported.

40 GEO; III.

j° Aprilis.

35

widening, repairing, and amending, the Road from the Town of Halifax, and from , in the County of York, by Todmorden, to Burnley and boroug/t, in the County of Lanca; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for nipre effectually repairing the Road from Glenw licit, through Haltwhistle, Hexham, and Corbridge, to the Mill?

tary Road near Shildon Bar, and for making and repairing a Branch Road from Corbridge, aforesaid, to on the Wa!l, ail in the County of Northumberland; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Summer-rods Bar, near the Town of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Alston, in the County of Cumberland-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, Two certain Tracts of Land, now held and used as Stinted Common of Pasture, within the Parish of Snettisham, in the County of Norfolk', without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Arable Meadow, Ley Pasture, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of ,in the County of Oxford; without any Amendment.

And then the Mdfengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Citizen, to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Lincoln, in the room of the Honourable George Razvdon, deceased.

Mr. Baker prefer ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint John, Hamtfield, in the County of Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir William Geary reported from the Committee to

whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames, near to the Town of Gravesend, in the County of Kent, to the River Medway, at a Place called Nicholson'sShip Yard, in the Parish of Frindsbury, in the said County, and also, a certain Collateral Cut from White Wall, in the said Parish, to the said River Me decay, was re-committed; That the Committee had maije several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House, together with.^Lift of the Names of the Persons who have assented, dissented, or declared themselves neuter, in respect to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said Lift, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Farndish, in the Counties of Bedford and Northampton, or One of them, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dickins, Mr. Cartwright, &c.: And they are to meet this After- , noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

‘ Mr. Dickins reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Over and Nether Dean, in the County of Bedford, was committed > That

Vo 1.. 55.

the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Fills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, so the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 234 Acres of Land and Cottages, who refuled to sign the Bill, and that the whole Property intended to be inclosed consists of 1,570 Acres, and there are 16 Cottages; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) j and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Onej and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to Wr.kcfi-M -mi whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the poitcii. Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wakefield to Aujlerlands, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there- . unto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, we.tf agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for making and repairing the Road from the Town of Stonehaven, through The Slug-mount, to the new Bridge over the River Dee at in the County of Kincardine, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making and repairing the Road from thd Town ^of Stonehaven, through The Slug-mount, to the new Bridge over the River Dee at Cobleheugh, in the County of Kincardine.

Ordered, That Sir John Stuart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Occupiers of Lands in the County of Devon, was prel'ented to the House, and

Kincardine

Rea ls Bi.Mf

puavrj.

read; Taking Notice of the Bill for

continuing

the

Petition of Land Owner , a pinlt Lyn.e Kegis, Sec. Roads Bill.

Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, ot Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, leading to and through the Borough of and from the Turnpike Road on LJply me to the Turn-

pike Road at the Three Ashes, in the Parish of CrezvL in the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners have, ever since the passing the said Acts, experienced the Tolls payable on Carriages conveying Manure to be a great Hindrance to Agriculture, and very injurious to the Public, in diminishing the Growth of Corn and Potatoes, of which they are in so much Need for their common Food and Sustenance; and that, as well the Petitioners

II ;fl'ngt!en Roaiis Kill, reported

Temple Bur

Improvement iiui, fwftoiu teUv

356 i° Apri 1800.

titioners ns a great Number of other Farmers, have not, on Account of such Tolls, tilled and Town to Corn so much Ground as they other wile would; and that there is a great Quantity of Waste Ground near and adjoining the said Road, a considerable Part of which might have been sown to Corn or Potatoes, if Lime for Manure could be got without paying Toll for the lame; and that there are a great Number of Lime Kilns and Pits for burning Lime (surrounded by Toll Gates) within a short Distance of Part of the said Road, and others might be erected, if the Toll upon Carriages fcnth Limeuled for the Purpose of Agriculture was taken off; and that the Lime for Agriculture from those Kilns is well known to exceed all other for the Cultivation of the Lands within Twenty Miles, and the Farmers fetch the same from the Distance of Fourteen Miles to manure their Lands; and that the Petitioners know of no Toll upon Carriages for Manure on any Road in the Neighbourhood, except the Lyme Regis Turnpike; and that the Creditors have already a considerable interest, and are to have a further Increase, at the Expence, and to the manifest Injury, of the Agriculture of the Country; and that it appearing, from the Evidence given to the House, that this Country does not, even in the moil plentiful Seaton, grow a sufficient Quantity of Grain for its Consumption, the Petitioners, presuming every Encouragement for promoting the Cultivation of Waste Lands, and improving the Agriculture of the Country, is requilitc in those moil diilrefting Times of Scarcity, therefore pray the House to take the Premises into Confederation, and to grant such Relief therein as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill tty continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending; widening, turning, varying, altering, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancrfer, so far as the same relates to the Road from

Haf.iugden to 7 od, nor den, being the Second District of the said Roads, and for making and maintaining a Branch therefrom, at or near a Place called in

IVolfendenBooth, to Edge Side, in the same Booth, and another Branch therefrom, at or near a Place called Robert's Mill, in Bacup Booth, into the Rochdale Turnpike

Road in the Parish of Spot land, all in the said County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Tabic: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Sccomi Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution Two several Acts, passed in the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening and improving the Entrance Into the City of London, near for making

"a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill, and for railing, on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, a Sum of Money for those Purposes, and for explaining and amending the said Acts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Anderson, the Lord Mayor of London, &c.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Adair reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Inhabitants of Houl'cs erected upon, or Lessees of, certain Pieces of Plots of Ground belonging to his Grace, the Duke of Bedford, in the Parish of Saiin the County of Middlesex, on which Houses and other Buildings have

already been erected, or are now erecting, and intended to be erected, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James Burton, being examined, said, That the said Piece or Plots of Ground have lately been laid out for Streets and . Squares, and Houses cf considerable Value are erected and now building thereon, and many other Houses are proposed to be built; that certain Parts of the said Streets and Squares are not paved, and are l'ubjeft to Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments, and that other Parts thereof, although paved, are lbll l'ubjeft to Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments: — And, the Witness added. That if proper Powers were given for paving, watching, lighting, cleansing, regulating, and watering the said Streets, Squares, and Places not already paved, and for keeping in Repair, watching, lighting, cleansing, regulating, and watering such as are paved, and for preventing Nuisances in the same respectively, it would be a great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants thereof, and to all Persons rclorting thereto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for cleanGng, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise improving, and kcepingin Repair, such Parts of certain Streets, called Gozver Street, Upper Street, Francis Street,

Thornhaugh Street, and Upper Street, and the

Public Pali'ages and Places adjoining thereto, as are formed and made upon certain Pieces or Plots of Ground belonging to the Moll noble Francis Duke of 'dje-rd, within the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of MiUl sex, and for forming, paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise improving, and keeping in Repair, the Streets, Squares, and other Public Pailitges and Places, which are and shall be made upon certain ether Pieces or Plots of Ground, in the said Parish of Saint Pancras, belonging to the said Francis Duke of Bedford: And that Mr. Adair and Lord do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Adair reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Inhabitants of Houses erected upon, or Lessees of, certain Pieces or Plots of Ground belonging to his Grace the Duke of Bedford, in the Parish of Saint George in the County of Middlesex, on which Houses, and other Buildings, have already been erected, and are intended to be erected, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the

. O

House, relative to Paving Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James Burton, being examined, said. That I loufes of considerable Value have been built on the East Side of the said Plots of Ground, and that Houses arc purposed to be erected and built on the ether Sides thereof, to

form

Pane; ns Poring, &c. Pc tiaoa, repot teJ

K !<v-m fb or v

Impp veit MT Petition, tt-pu'.ted.

40 Geo. III. i° Apr. 357

form a Square intended to be called Square And, the Witness further said, That it would be much to the Advantage of the Owners, Lessees, and Occupiers of the Houses and Buildings erected, or to be erected, near the said Square, if the Centre of the same was formed and made into a Pleasure Ground, and properly raised in and ornamented; and if Provision was made to defray the Expence of forming, making, keeping in Repair, continuing, and preserving such Pleasure Ground or inclosed Part of the said Square, and the Railing, Gates, Lamp Irons, Grass Plot, Walks, and other Ornaments and Things belonging thereto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and embellishing the Centre or Area of a certain Square, intended to be called Square, purposed to be made in the Parish of Saint George, Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex, and for forming and making the same into a Pleasure Ground, and for continuing and keeping the same in Repair: And that Mr. Adair and Lord William Russell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

importation of The House was moved. That an Act, made in the GoodshT Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, Neutral ships, intituled, "An Act for the Encouraging and Increasing toboconliUer- of Shipping and Navigation, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Mom-' ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, to consider of permitting the Importation of Goods and Commodities from any Country in America, belonging to any Foreign European Sovereign or State, in Neutral Ships.

Return of The House being informed that Mr. Cobbe (from

Commission- Commissioners for Auditing the Public Accounts) at-

rs of Public j . 1 11 1 ,1 1 Vo

Accounts, pre- tended at the Door, he was called in, arid, at the Bar, fcnted. presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Book, intituled, " Return of the Commissioners " for Auditing the Public Accounts, to an Order of the Honourable the House of Commons, dated the 28th " of January 1800."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Book was read.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Book is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Report from Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, who were

Co.""tleeaP appointed to examine the General Index to the Journals Imilie Ge°n«ai of this House of the last Parliament, compiled by Mr. index so the Samuel Dunn, and to report their Opinion thereupon to

journal . jj,e House; That the Committee had examined the said Index accordingly, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House i and he read the Report in his-Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee, having examined Mr. Dunn, and received from him the said Index, find that he has followed the same Plan and Method of Arrangement as he adopted in his former Index, which received the Approbation of the House: — And the Committee, having followed a great many of the References from different Parts of the Index to the respective Places pointed out in the Journals, have found them to be perfectly cor-rest: They are therefore of Opinion, That this Index has been compiled with great Care and Skill, and that it . is in every Respect well calculated to answer the Purpose for which it was intended.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Aa respeaing to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Vot. 55.

to confidier of Co much of an Act, made in the last Session the Dutie o of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for permitting cer- Sllt Petre *

" tain Goods imported from the East Indies to be ware- housed; and for repealing the Duties now payable " thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof;' as' relates to the Duties on Salt Petre, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The.House was moved. That an Act, made in the Aa wfpeftuig last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on tobeconfiSugar imported and exported, and on Coffee ex- dered *

" ported; and for reducing the Drawbacks now aL " lowed on the Exportation of Sugar," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to considerof so much of the said Act as imposes Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Report Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Exchequer That a Sum, not exceeding Two Millions Five Hun- B 11 dred and Six Thousand Two Hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to pay off the Exchequer Bills, raised on the Credit of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties on Income, and which are now outstanding.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, i> .

That a Sum, not exceeding One Million and Seventy-nine Thousand Seven Hundred and Forty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to pay off the Exchequer Bills raised on the Credit of an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War; and of another Act, made in the said Thirty-eighth Year, for granting Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, and which are now outstanding.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, t>».

That a Sum, not exceeding Three Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising the Sum of Three " Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine," and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One Million Nine Hundred and Fourteen Thousand Pounds,' be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling " His Majesty to raise the Sum of Three Millions, for.

" the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned," and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

4 Y Resolved,

Interest on Exchequer Bills.

Di (count on Loan and Lottery.

Interest due to hc Bank.

To the Bank

for receiving Contributions.

Expences of

Prukcutions relating to Com.

Charges 6f Lottery.

Expences of Commission for National Debt.

Secret Service Abroad.

Repairs at King's Bench Prison *

Police Office in Wapping.

Printing of journals, &c.

Houseforde- ' poiiting Journals.

358 i° Aprili. 1800.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six Hundred and Thirty-three Thousand One Hundred and Seventy-six Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Six Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, for paying Interest on sundry Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of several Acts of the Thirty-seventh, Thirty-eighth, and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty.

'Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Sixty-three Thousand Three Hundred and Sixty-eight Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Sums paid for Discount on prompt Payments of the Loan and Lottery, granted for the Service of the Year 1799.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-nine Thousand Six Hundred and Seventy-five Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for paying Interest due to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on the Sum of Five Hundred and Sixty-one Thousand Three Hundred and Three Pounds Nine Shillings and Two Pence, to the 3d Day of September 1799, on which Day the said Principal was discharged.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen Thousand Nine Hundred and Seven Pounds Two Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Money paid to the Bank of England, for receiving the Contributions to the Loans and Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1799.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two Thousand Three Hundred and Thirty-eight Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expences incurred for Prosecutions relating to the Coin, for the Year 1799.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twelve Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Charges of preparing and drawing the Lottery granted for the Service of the Year 1799.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand Eight Hundred and Five Pounds and Nine Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Money paid to John Farhill, Esquire, Secretary to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for Salaries of the Officers, and Incidental Expences of the said Commission.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy-nine Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for His Majesty's Secret Service Abroad, for the Year 1799, over anc^ bove the estimated Sum granted by Parliament for that Service.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Expence incurred, or to be incurred, for Repairs at the King's Bench Prison.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Expence to be incurred for the Police Office in flapping, for the Year 1800.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of printing the Journals of the House of Commons, of printing and delivering the Votes, and for printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, by Order of the House of Commons, for the Year 1800.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand Six Hun-

M -

dred and Ninety-seven Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expences attending the Purchase of a House in Abingdon Street, for depositing the Journals of the House of Commons.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three Thousand Five Hundred and Seveqty-five Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of the Office of the Commissioners for American Awards, for the Year 1800.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence incurred for Repairs at The MPrifon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nine Hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Money paid to the Officers of the Exchequer for Extra Trouble in making out Exchequer Bills.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee^ That a Sum, not exceeding Sixteen Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to Matthew Martin, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the Relief of Saint -Domingo Claimants, and which has not been made good by Parliament,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Seventy-seven Pounds Six Shillings and Six Pence,-be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to Messieurs Laurie and Whittle, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for printing Impressions of the Plan of the proposed Wet Docks in the Port of London, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three Hundred and Forty-eight Pounds Three Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been ifl'ued to George Rose, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for Expences attending the Parliament Office, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two Thousand Four Hundred and Eighty-two Pounds and Sixteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to Bernard Cobbe, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the Expence of additional Clerks in the Office of the Commissioners for Auditing the Public Accounts, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two Thousand Six Hundred and Forty-six Pounds Nine Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued, at the Receipt of th& Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to pay the Expence of the Police Office in Wapping, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum,-not exceeding One Hundred and Ten Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to the Representatives of Edward Blackjlock, Esquire, for completing the Thirty-fourth Volume of the Manuscript Journals of the House of Lords, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nine Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to William Ef-

quire.

Commissioners for American Awards.

Repairs at The

Mar (halfea Prison.

Extra Trouble in making out Exchequer Bilb.

St Doming Claimants.

Printing tht Plan of Loo« don Docks.

Parliament

Office.

Clerics in Office of Commissioners of Public Accounts.

Police Office in Wapping.

Lords Jour nals.

Bills drawn from New South Wales.

Tier it Doughs llarbuur *

Toulonefe

Emigrants.

For pufciishing Returns of the Price of Sugar.

Pay and

Clothing of Militia.

Allowances to Adjutants,&c. of Militia.

Report Ways aiui Means.

Applying Part of income Duty.

Applying Part of Tonnage Duties.

t

40 Geo. III. i° Aprili $59

quire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to pay Bills drawn from New South Wales, and which became due in 1797, being the Excess of the Sum granted for that Purpose, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two Hundred Fifty-five Pounds and Nine Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been if-lued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to pay a Bill, drawn by Senhouse , Esquire, from The Isle of Man, to complete the Pier at Douglas Harbour, and which has not beep made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nine Hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to William Howard, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His: Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the Relief of Toulonefe Emigrants, not included in the Eftirnate for the Year 1799, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Hundred Forty-eight Pounds and Thirteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been ifc sued to Mr. Henry Nettleship (Clerk; to the Grocers Company) at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the Expence of publishing. Weekly, the Average Price of Sugar, and which has not been made>good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Pi jvihon be made for the Pay and Clothing of the Milit:a, for the Year 1800.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for making Allowances to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants, of the Militia, disembod cd in pursuance of an Act of the present Session of Parliament, for the Year 1800.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally' put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in Lis Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk'6 Table: Where the same were read; and are asfolio wet h; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, out of the Monies arising by virtue of an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting certain Duties upon Income, there shall a,nd may be issued and applied the Sum of Five Millions Three Hundred Thousand Pounds, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, over and above the Sums necessary to discharge the Jn-tereti of any Loans which have been charged on the fiud Duties by any Act or Acts of Parliament.

Refo'ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, out of the Monies arising by virtue of an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting certain Duties on Goods imported and exported, and on Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, there shall and may be issued and applied the Sum of One Million Two. Hundred and Fifty Thousand Pounds, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Vol. 55.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrafted Bill for indemnifying Persons serving in Volunteer Corps, who have omitted to take out Certificates for wearing Hair Powder, and to amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " granting toHis Majesty a Duty on Certificates issued for " using Hair Powder," as relates to the exempting Persons serving in Volunteer Corps from the said Duty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for exempting the Lieutenants of Greenwich Hospital from the said Duty,

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for indemnifying Persons serving in Volunteer Corps, who have omitted to take out Certificates for wearing Hair Powder, and to amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting " to His Majesty a Duty on Certificates issued for ", using Hair Powder," as relates to the exempting P.er-fons serving in Volunteer Corps, and certain Officers in His Majesty's Navy, serving on the Establiftimont of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, from the said Doty; and for obliging Persons claiming to be exempt from the Duties on Horses provided and furnished for Volunteer Corps, to deliver Certificates thereof to the proper Officers.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Gascoyne and Mr. Ryder be added to the Committee who are appointed to enquire into the State of the British Herring Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for therr Improvement and Extension.

Ordered, That the Accounts of the Duties on Salt, paid orcollefted ia certain Counties m; and

also, the Account of the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in certain Districts in Scotland, which were presented to the House upon the 7th Day of May, and the ti th'Day of July, in the last Session of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrafted BUI for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for continuing and " granting to His Majesty a-Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the " Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties on " Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of " the Year One thousand Eight hundred," together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next.

A Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent.

Volunteer Corps Indent^ nity Bill, passed.

Accounts referred to Committee on Herring Fisheries.

Land Tax Commissionere Bill, deferred.

Innkeepers

Bill, committed.

Committee on Poor Removal Sill.

360

o -

A. 18

00.

vent, ForaTimeto.be limited, the Removal of Casual Poor, notwithstanding the y may have received Parochial Relief.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Eficourt took the Chair of the Committee. ' r And it'appearing, upon a Division in the Committee, that Forty Members were not present i Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Expences of carrying the said Act into Execution: And,

Mr. John Slack, Surveyor, being examined, said, That

the Commissioners did, in pursuance of the Powers vetted in them by the said Act, borrow the Sum of £. 10,000, or thereabouts; and that the Money arising by the said Rates or Taxes being insufficient for defraying the necessary Expences attending the Execution of

And the House being told by Mr: Speaker, and Forty the said Act, and to keep down the Interest of the Mo-Members not being present, and it being then after ney borrowed, an Arrear of Interest accrued, amounting Four of the Clock; to the Sum of 5,000, or thereabouts, which was likely

to be loft, unless some further Provision was made for The House was adjourned, by Mrr Speaker, with- discharging the said Debt, and the Works made for out a Question firstput, till Tomorrow Morn- draining and preserving the said Lands and Grounds

AshbyWoulds lhclol'ure Bill, puffed.

ing. Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2° Aprilis;

I . .

Anno 40 Georgii III1" Regis, 1800. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing) the Common or Waste Ground called Ashby Woulds, in the Manor and Parish of in the County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Comrpon or Waste Ground called Ashby Woulds, in the Manor and Parish of Ashby-de-la, in the County of Lekeffer...:

Ordered, That SirEdmund Cradock Hartopp do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

£!y (Middle Fen) Drainage Petition, reported.

were likely to fall into Decay: Then,

An Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to amend and render effectual the before mentioned Act, was also read; whereby it appeared, That certain additional Rates and Taxes were imposed upon the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds for a certain Term of Years, and certain Tolls were imposed for Horses and other Cattle haling any Boats, Barges, or other Vessels on, or passing along the East Banks of, the Rivers Ouse, Cam, or Grant, and the South West Bank of the Mildenhall River j and the Commissioners were thereby authorized to apply the Money arising from the said Rates, Taxes, and Tolls, and by the Sale of certain Lands and Grounds therein mentioned, in paying or compounding the Monies due and owing for Principal and Interest as aforesaid, and to borrow and take up at Interest, on the Credit of the said Rates, Taxes, and Tolls, such Sums of Money as should be necessary for compounding the said Debts, and to mortgage or assign over the same as a Security to the Persons advancing Money for the Payment thereof: Then,

; Mr. Slack, being further examined, said. That in pursuance of the last recited Act, the Commissioners have compounded all the Debts or Sums of Money so as aforesaid due and owing,1 and charged upon the said Lands and Grounds, except only as to the Sum of £.6,358. 6j. 3 d. which they were unable to pay, and the same remains charged upon the Lands

General Adeane reported from the Committee, to whom, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being respectively Proprietors of certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, between the Cam, otherwise Grant, Qufe, and Mildenhall Rivers, and bounded and Grounds, and the Payment thereof, with Interest, on the SouthEast by the Hard Lands of IJlekam, Ford- is secured by'an Assignment made by the Commis-ham, Soham, and Wicken(commonly called the Soham or sioners of the said Rates, Taxes, and Tolls, to Thomas

Middle Fen District) on Behalf of themfeWes, and the Bucke, of in the County of Suffolk, Esquire, a

other Proprietors of Lands, within the said District, was Tfuftee named and appointed for that 'Purpose by the referred} That the Committee had examined, and found several Persons entitled to the said Sum of Money and

that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Drainage Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House;-and he read the Report in his Place;'and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an

Interest: — And, the Witness added, That considerable Expences have been lately incurred in making, maintaining, and preserving the Works necessary for the Drainage, Preservation, and Improvement of the said Lands and Grounds, and that further Works are necessary for that Purpose; and the present Rates, Taxes, and Tolls, being inadequate to the Purpose of keeping down the Interest of the said Debt, and defraying the Expences already incurred as aforesaid, and the further

Act, pafifed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his Charges and Expences which must necessarily be incur late Majesty King George the Second, for draining.and red in the maintaining and preserving the said Works, preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the and making others, it is expedient that additional Rates Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, between the Cam, and Taxes should be imposed upon the said Lands and otherwise Grarz/, Ouse, and Mildenhall Rivers, and bound- Grounds, and that the said Tolls should be increased, ed on the South East by the Hard Lands of ljlehant, and the said Acts explained and amended, and some fur-Fordbam, Soham, and Wicken, and for empowering the ther Powers granted.

Governor, Bailiffs, and CommOnalty of the Company of . Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens; called Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands within the said Limits commonly called Invejled Lands, was read; whereby it

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, attend, and render more effectual Two Acts, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Twenty-ninth Year of the

appeared. That certain Commissioners were appointed for Reign of His present Majesty, for draining and preserv-

carrying the same into Execution, and certain Rates or Taxes were thereby charged upon, the Lands and Grounds within certain Limits described in the said Act, for defraying the Charges and Sixpences of draining and preserving the said Lands and Grounds, and Power , given to the' said Commissioners to borrow Money on the Credit of the said Rates or Taxes, for defraying the

ing certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, between the Cam, otherwise Grata, Ouse, and Mildenhall Rivers, and bounded on the South East by the Hard Lands of IJleham, Ford-ham, Soham, and Wicken; and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Groat Level of the Fens called Bedford

Petition respecting Notice for New Windsor Road

M.

Laire given for additional Notices.

Borrow stown-ness Road Bill, presented.

Boughton and 'Whitchurch, Ac. Roads Bill feported.

40 Geo. III. 2° Apr ills. 361

ford Level, to fell certain Lands within the said Limits,

commonly called Invejled Lands; and for laying certain Rates on Vessels navigated upon the said Rivers, towards supporting the Banks thereof: And that General and Mr. Charles Yorke do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the House was pleased to make an Order of the 26th Day of March last, that Notices may be given at the next Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace-to be holden for the County of Buckingham, and also, at the next Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Berks, and Three Times in the Newspaper called The Reading Mercury, in the Month cf March, and in the present Month of April, or either of them, of the Application to Parliament for a Bill for making, maintaining, and keeping in Repair, a Road from the Town of New in the County of

Berks, to and over a Bridge about to be erected over the River Thames, from a Place at or near a small Bridge called Neville's Bridge, in the Parish of Nezv Windsor aforesaid, to the opposite Shore near a Place called South-ley, in the Parish of Datchet, in the County of and from thence into the Road between and

London, at or near a Place called Longford, in the County of Middlesex; and that, since making the said Older, it hath been discovered that a Part of the said new Road may pass, for a small Space, into the County of Middlesex: And therefore praying, That Leave may be granted to give the said Notice Three Times in the present Month of April, in some Newspaper printed and circulated within the County of Middlesex, and at the Sessions House Door for the County of Middlesex at the next Easter Quarter Sessions.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Petition, Leave be granted that Notices may be given as desired by the Petitioners.

Mr. Alexander Hope presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-full Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Port of Borrowjlownness, by the West of the Borough of and by the Towns of Torphich,n, Bathgate, and kite-bum, and from thence Southward to the Confines of the County of Linlithgow, at or near: And

the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Granville LevefonGower reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of to Whit-

church, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, and several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from Newport aforesaid to the Village or Place called Welsh Harp, in the Township of Stounall, in the County of Stafford, being the Third District of the said Roads, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Vox.. 55.

Mr. William'Taylor reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving the Roads therein mentioned, leading from the Town of Leominster, in the County of Hereford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House , and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

4

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and' Mr.

Wilmot: i - -

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the Road from the Village of Magor to the Bridge-foot in the Town of Chepstow, in the County of Monmouth, and several other Roads in the Counties of Monmouth, Gloucester, Hereford, and Brecon, to continue in Force for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Appointment and Regulation of Pilots for the conducing of Ships and Vessels into and out of the Port of Kingson upon Hull; and for ascertaining the Salvage for Anchors, Cables, and other Ships Materials, found in the River Humber; and for the better ascertaining the Tonnage of Ballad Lighters employed at the said Port; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for separating the Commons or Waste Grounds of the Manor of East Horseley, in the County of Surrey, which lie in the several Parishes of East Horseley, and Ockham, within the said Manor, and for settling the Rights of Common thereon; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Ale-mouth, through Alnwick and to Hexham, and a

Branch from the said Road, between Alnwick and Rct/t-bury, to Jockey's Dike Bridge, in the County of Northumberland; with an Amendment, to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Bur don reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a Common called Tanfield Moor, in the Parish of Chester-le-Street, in

the County of Durham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to thp Land Tax at £.6. 7 s.6 id.per Annum, who refused to lign the Bill; and that the whole Property of Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed at £. 73. 14 . \i\d. per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

4 Z Ordered *

Lfc min fter K ,.ids Bill, 1 epo ued.

The Lords have agreed to

Mpgor and

Chepstow j Roads Bill.

Humber Pilots, &c. Bill *

East Horseley and Ockham Division Bill.

Alemouth and Alnwick Roads Bill, wirh an Amendment.

Tanfield Tn-cbfure Bill, reported.

Wakefield and

Autifrlands Road Bill, passed.

Rea k Forest Canal Bill re-committed.

Bill prevent Bull.baiting, ordered.

Commit'ee on Bill for berer rep-\daring the A fiiz of Bread.

reported.

Bill to prevent

Bull-baiting, pr denied.

62 2° Apri . 1800.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time ingrossed. Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, otTwo Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wakefield to Aufierlands, in the West Riding of the County of York, wai read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Power?, of Two Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wakefield to laiids, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lafcedes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon Wednfday last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Peak Forefi Canal, and for granting to the Company of Proprietors of the said: Canal further and other Powers, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

And the House being informed. That several other -Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill j Rfio'ved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to Whom the same was committed.

' r,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for preventing the Practice of Bull-baiting: And that Sir William Pulteneyand-Sir Richard Hill do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve ittelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for better regulating the Price and Assize of Bread, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved it felt into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.'

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said - Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Sir William Pulteney presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for preventing the Practice of Bullbaiting: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation of Mills,'' be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will plealeto receive the lame.

Ordered That the Report be now received.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, a? amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of giving Encouragement to the Importation of Oats and Oatmeal into this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That he had a Meflhge from His Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

It is with the most sincere Satisfaction that His Majesty finds Himself enabled to communicate to this House the joint Address of His Lords and Commons of Ireland, laying before His Majesty certain Resolutions, which contain the Terms proposed by them for an entire Union between the Two Kingdoms. His Majesty is persuaded that this House will participate in the Pleasure with which His Majesty observes the Conformity of Sentiment manifested in the Proceedings of His Two Parliaments, after long and careful Deliberation on this most important Subject; and He earnestly recommends to this House, to take all such further Steps as may belt tend to the speedy and complete Execution of a Work so happily begun, and so interesting to the Security and Happiness of His Majesty's Subjects, and to the general Strength and Prosperity of the British Empire.

R.

Ordered,

Committee on Kill for bettrr Refutation of Mills.

reported.

Committee on Encouragement to importation of Oats and Oat meal.

King's Mef-sage refj»cf>inj nn Union with Ireland.

40 Geo. III. a0 Jpril 363

Ordered, That His Majesty's said most Gracious Mef-sage be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Fortnight, the 17th Day of this Instant , resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take His Majesty's said most Gracious Message into Consideration.

Papers relating Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the fcuS? P ~ House, by His Majesty's Command,

Copy of the Resolutions of the Two Houses of the Irish Parliament: And also.

Copy of the Address of both Houses of Parliament: And also,

COMMERCIAL ACCOUNTS of GREAT BRITAIN; vfe.

N° 1. A. An Account of the Value agreeably to the Prices Current, or to the declared Value, by the Merchants Exporters of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, being British Produce and Manufactures exported from Great Britain, on an Average of the Three Years, ended 5th "January 1799, distinguishing the principal Articles,' and also distinguishing Ireland: And also,

N° 2. A. An Account of the Value, estimated agreeably to the Prices Current, of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into Great , from all

Parts of the World, on an Annual Average of the Three Years preceding the 5th 1799. distinguishing

the principal Articles, and likewise the Rate of Value: And also,

N° 3. A. An Account of the Value, estimated agreeably to the Prices Current, of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, being Foreign or Colonial Produce and Manufacture, exported from Great Britain to all Parts of the World, on an Annual Average of the Three Years preceding the 5th January 1799, distinguishing the principal Articles, and likewise the Rate of Value: And also,

N° 4. A. A Lift of all Articles, being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of Great , exported Duty-free: And also,

N° 5. A. A Lift of all Articles, not the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of Great , exported

Duty-free: And also,

N° 6. A. A Lift of all Articles generally prohibited from being exported, and distinguishing such Exceptions to the Prohibition as have been made in Favour of Ireland: And also,

N° 7. A. A Lift of all Articles imported Duty-free into Great Britain from Ireland: And also,

N° 8. A. A Lift of all the principal Articles generally prohibited from being imported into Great , and distinguishing such Exceptions from the Prohibition as have been made in Favour of Ireland: And also,

N° 9. A. A Lift of all Articles, being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of Ireland, charged with a Duty upon Importation into Great Britain from Ireland, specifying the Duty according to the Rate in one Column, and the ad Valorem, where the Duty is on the Value, in another Column, with the Amount of the Duty on an. Average of the Three Years ending 5th January 1799: And also,

N° 10. A. A Lift of all Foreign Articles, the Produce of the Duties on each of which on I mportation has yielded a Revenue of £.500, and upwards, exported from Great Britain; Hating the Rate of Duty retained on Exportation, and the Amount thereof, on an Average of the Three Years preceding the 5th January 1799, distinguishing Ireland from other Parts: And also,

N° 11. A. A Lift of all Articles, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of Ireland, which are charged in Great Britain with a Duty of less than Ten per Cent, ad Valorem: And also,

VOL. 55.

N° 12. A. A Lift of all Articles, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Ireland, which are charged in Great Britain with a Duty of more than Ten per Cent, ad Valorem: And also,

N° 13. A. A Lift of the Bounties granted out of the Customs and Excise of Great Britain, distinguishing the Species and Rate of 1 Bounty: And also,

N° 14. A. A Lift of all Articles which, in the Year ending the 5th January 1799, produced a Gross Revenue of Customs of £.500. and upwards, on Importation into Great Britain, with the Rate of Duty chargeable on each, and the Amount or Produce thereof both of Customs and Excise: And also,

COMMERCIAL ACCOUNTS of IRELAND; vis.

N° 1. B. An Account of the Value, agreeably to the Prices Current, of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, being Irish Growth, Produce, and Manufacture, exported from Ireland, on an Average of the Three Years ending the 25th of M 1799, distinguishing the principal Articles; and also distinguishing Great Britain — stated in British Currency: And also,

N° 2 and 3. B. An Account of the Value, estimated agreeably to the Prices Current, of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into Ireland, from all Parts of the World, on an Annual Average of the Three Years preceding the 23th March 1799, distinguishing Great Britain, and each Article; — also. An Account of the Value, estimated agreeably to the Prices Current, of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, being Foreign of Colonial Produce, and Manufacture, exported from Ireland, to all Parts of the World, on an Annual Average of the Three Years preceding the 25th March 1799,-distinguistiing Great Britain, and each Article — stated in British Currency: And also,

N° 4. B. A Lift of all Articles, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of Ireland, exported Duty-free, distinguishing Great Britain from other Countries — stated in British Currency: And also,

N° 5. B. A Lift of all Articles, being Foreign or Colonial Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, exported from Ireland Duty-free, distinguishing Great Britain — stated in British Currency: And also,

N° 6. B. A Lift of all Articles prohibited from being exported from Ireland to Great Britain: And also,

N° 7. B. A Lift of all Articles imported into Ireland from Great Britain Duty-free: And also,

N° 8. B. A Lift of all the principal Articles generally prohibited from being imported into Ireland, and distinguishing fuph Exceptions from the general Prohibition's have teen made in Favour of Great Britain: And also,

N® 9: B. A Lift of all Articles, the Growth, Product, or Manufacture, of Great Britain, which are chargeable with a Duty on Importation into Ireland, specifying the Duty according to the Rate in one Column, and the Rate of Duty per Centum on the Value in another Column, with the Amount of Duty paid on an Average of the Three Years to the 25th March 1799 — stated in British Currency: And also,

N° 10. B. A Lift of all Foreign and Colonial Articles exported from Ireland, on which a Part of the Duty is retained upon Exportation, with the Rate of Duty so retained upon Exportation, and the Produce thereof, on an Average of Three Years, to 23th March 1799, distinguishing Great Britain — stated in British Currency: And alto,

N® li. B. A Lift of all Articles, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of Great Britain, which are charged in Ireland with a Duty of less than Ten per.

ad Valorem: And also,

N° 12. B. A Lift of all Articles, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great , which are

charged

364 2 Aprilis. A. 1800.

charged in Ireland with a Duty of more than Ten per Cent, ad Valorem: And also,

N° 13. B. (ift Part.) A Lift of all Bounties granted out of the Customs on the Exportation of--Articles from Ireland, or for the Internal Encouragement of any

Product or Manufacture, with the-Amount thereof, in the last Year, ended 25th March 1799 — dated in British Currency: And also,

N 13. B. (2d Part.) A Lift of all Bounties, being in the Nature of Drawbacks, granted in , distin-

guishing each Species of Bounty, and the Amount thereof, in the last Year — in Currency: And

also,

N° 13. B. (3d Part.) A Lift of all Bounties granted in Ireland, for the Encouragement of the Fisheries, dif-

tinguishing each Bounty, and the Amount thereof, in the last Year — dated in English Currency: And also,

N° 14. B. Inland Excise Department — A Lift of all Articles on which there is an Internal Duty in,

with the Rate of Duty, and the Amount, in the Year ended Lady Day 1799 — in B Money: And also, .

ACCOUNTS of BRITISH REVENUE and EXPENDITURE;

N° i. C. Au Account of the Principal, Interest, and other Charges of the Public Debt, in the Three Years, ending the 5th Day of January 1793 respectively — also. An Account of the Principal, Interest, and other Charges, of the Public Debt, in the Seven Years ended the 5th Day of January 1800, respectively: And also,

N° 2. C. A Statement of the Monies raised by way of Loan, and Stock created, and by Bills funded from 5th January 1793 to 5th "January 1800, setting forth how much was for the Service of Ireland: And also,

N°j. C. An Account of the principal Funded Debt, in each Year respectively, from 5th January 1793 to 5th January 1800; also a State of the Principal Debt, with the Interest and other Charges, as it stood on 5th January 1800: And also,

N° 4. C. An Account of the Public Debt, as it flood on the 5th Day of January 1800, distinguishing what Part thereof has been redeemed, and the Sums Annually applicable thereto: And also,

N° 5. C. An Account of the Charges on the Consolidated Fund, exclusive of the Interest and Charges of the Public Debt, and of the Civil List, in the Three Years ending the 5th January 1793, setting forth the Annual Average — and a like Account for the Seven Years ended 5th January 1800: And also,

N° 6. C. An Account of the Interest paid on Exchequer Bills, in the Three Years ending the 5th 1793, setting forth the Annual Average — and a like Account for the Seven Years ended the 5th January 1800: Arid also,

N° 7 C. An Account of the Annual Charge for the Use of His Majesty's Civil List, in the Three Years ending the 5th Day of January 1793, respectively — and a like Account for the Seven Years ending 5th January 1800: And also,

N° 8. C. An Account of the several Payments out of the Public Revenue (prior to its being remitted to the Exchequer) applicable to National Purposes, viz. for promoting the British Fisheries, and the Linen Manufactures, &c. of th.s Kingdom — and also, An Account of Corn imported in Times of Scarcity, and Monies paid to the Militia, and for Deserters Warrants, in the Nine Years preceding the 5th Junuary 1799, distinguishing the Periods of Peace and War: And also,

N° 9. C. An Account of the Monies granted for Army Services, including Subsidies and Pay to Foreign Troops, also of Monies paid on Account of the Service of the Navy and the Ordnance, likewise on Account of Miscellaneous Services, in the Ten Years preceding 5th January 1800, distinguishing each Year respectively, and

distinguishing the Periods of Peace and War: And also,

N° 10. C. A Statement, shewing the Annual Increase of the National Debt, with the Amount of the Debt on the 3th Day of January 1791, and of the subsequent Years, to the 5th Day of January 1800: And also,

N° 11. C. A Statement, shewing the Amount of the National Debt, as it stood on the 5th January l8co, with the Interest and other Sums charged thereon, together with the Amount of the Deductions therefrom particularly specified, distinguishing the permanent Debt from that which is not permanent, by reason that both the Principal and Interest of the latter are charged upon the Duties on Income: And also,

N° 12. C. A Statement, shewing the Amount of the Public Debt created prior to the Year 1793, as it stood on the 5th January 1800, with the Amount of the several Stocks and Annuities redeemed by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, between ift August i786ar.d ift November 1799 — also, the Sums applicable to the Reduction of the Debt on the 3th January t8co: And also,

N° 13. C. A Statement, shewing the Amount of the Public Debt created since the Year 1793, as it stood on the 3th Day of January i8co, with the Amount of the several Stocks and Annuities redeemed by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt — also, the Sums applicable to the Reduction of the Debt on the 3th January 1800: And also,

N° 14. C. An Account of the Net Produce of all the Permanent Taxes paid into the Exchequer, in the Year ended the 3th Day of January i8co, including the Produce of the Duties on Malt, Sugar, and Tobacco, now Annually voted by Parliament: And also,

ACCOUNTS of IRISH REVENUE and EXPENDITURE; viz.

N° i. D. An Account of the Principal, Interest, and other Charges, of the Public Debt, in Three Years, ending 23th March 1793, with the like for Seven Years, ending 25th March 1800: And also,

N° 2. D. Money raised by way of Loan, and Stock created, from 23th March 1793 to 23th March 1800: And also,

N° 3. D. An Account of the principal Debt in each Year respectively, from 23th March 1793 to 25th March 1800; also, a State of thy Principal Debt, with the Interest and other Charges, to 23th 1800; likewise

shewing the Capital transferred to the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt of Ireland, to 25th cember 1799, with the Interest: And also,

N° 4. D. An Account of the Total Net Permanent and Annual Revenue of Ireland, paid into the Exchequer in the Year ending 23th March 1799: And.also,

N° 3. D. Amount of Money expended for Army Services, from 1791 to 1800: And also,

N° 6. D. An Account of the Total Receipts into, and the Total issues out of, His Majesty's Exchequer, between 23th March 1790 and 23th March 1793; and the like between 23th March 1793 and 23th March 1800: And also,

N° 7. D. An Account of the Funded Debt of Ireland on 23th December 1799, with the Amount of the Interest and Annuities thereon, distinguishing the several Portions payable in Dublin and London reflectively: And also,

N° 8. D. An Account of the Revenue paid into His Majesty's Exchequer in Three Years, to 25 th March 1793» ar,d the like for Seven Years, to 23th March 1800: And also,

N° 9. D. An Account of the Establishment, and other Charges of Government, for Three Years, to 25th-March 1793; and the like for Seven Years, to 23th. March 1800: And also, _ .

N 10.

40 Geo. III, 20 Aprilis.3^5

N° io. D. Particulars of General Meads of Expence " the said Parliament,' (Kali be considered as forming Paper rrfpeA in Account N° 9, for the Year ending Lady Day 1799, Part of the Treaty of Union, and shall be incorporated ^ifhirJlaiul — which will explain the other Years. in the Acts of the respective Parliaments by which the continued.

And the Titles of the said Resolutions, Address, Pa- said Union shall be ratified and established: That all >- — / "'1 "pers, and Accounts, were read. Qraeftions touching the Rotation or Election of Lords

The said Papers and Accounts arepreserved amongst Spiritual or Temporal of Ireland to fit in the Parliament the other Papers of this Session; and the said of the United Kingdom, shall be decided by the House Resolutions and Address are as followeth; viz. of Lords thereof; and whenever there shall be an Equa-_

lity of Votes in this Election>of any such Lords Temporal,' the Names of such Peers as have an equal Number of RESOLUTIONS of the Two Houses of the' Votes in their Favour, shall bewritten on Pieces of Paper Parliament of Ireland, respecting an Union of of a similar Form, and shall be put into a Glass, by the the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland; and Clerk of the Parliament, at the Table of the House of -their Address thereupon to His Majesty. Lords, whilst the House is fitting; and the Peer whose *

Name shall be first drawn out by the Clerk of the Par-Die Mercurii, 26 Martii 1800. liament, shall be deemed the Peer elected: That any1

Person holding any Peerage of now subsisting or

Resolved, That, in'order to promote and secure the hereafter to be created, shall not thereby be disqualified essential Interests of Great Britain and Ireland, and to from being elected to serve for any County, City, or consolidate the Strength, Power, and Resources of the Borough of Great Britain, in the House of Commons of British Empire, it will be adviseable to concur in such the United Kingdom, unless he shall have been previ-Measures as may bed; tend to unite the Two King- ously elected as above to fit in the House of Lords of doms of Great Britain and Ireland into One Kingdom, the United Kingdom; but that so long as such Peer of in such Manner, and on such Terms and Conditions, as Ireland shall so continue to be a Member of the House may be established by the Acts of the respective Parlia- of Commons, he shall not be entitled to the Privilege of ments of Great Britain and Ireland. Peerage, nor be capable of being elected to serve as a

Resolved, That, for the Purpose of establishing an Peer on the Part of Ireland, or of voting at any such Union upon the Basis dated in the Resolutions of the Election; and that he shall be liable to be sued, indict-T wo Houses of the Parliament of Great Britain, com- ed, proceeded against, and tried as a Commoner, for any municated by His Majesty's Command in the Message Offence with which he may be charged: That it shall Lent to this House by his Excellency the Lord Lieute- be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to nant, it would be fit to propose, as the First Article-of create Peers of that Part of the United Kingdom called Union, That the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland Ireland, and to make Promotions in the Peerage thereof,

shall, upon the First Day of January which shall be in after the Union, provided that no new Creation of any the Year of Our Lord One thousand Eight hundred and such Peers shall take place after the Union until Three One, and for ever after, be united into One Kingdom, of the Peerages of Ireland which shall have been existing by the Name of " The United Kingdom of Great Bri- at the Time of the Union shall have become $ttinct j " tain and Ireland and that the Royal Stile and Titles and upon such Extinction of Three Peerages, that it shall

appertaining to the Imperial Crown of the said United be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to Kingdom and its Dependencies, and also the Ensigns create One Peer of that Part of the United Kingdom cal-Armorial, Flags and Banners thereof, shall be such as led Irand in like Manner, so often as Three Peer-His Majesty, by H is Royal Proclamation under the ages of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland Great Seal of the United Ki^dom, shall be pleased to shall become extinct, it shall be lawful for His Majesty *

Appoint. His Heirs and Successors, to create One other Peer of the

Resolved, That, for the same Purpose, it would be fit said Part of the United Kingdom; and if it shall hap-to propose, as the Second Article of Union, That the pen that the Peers of that Part of the United Kingdom Succession to the Imperial Crown of the said United called Ireland, shall, by Extinction of Peerages, or other-Kingdom, and of the Dominions thereunto belonging, wife, be reduced to the Number of One Hundred, ex *

shall continue limited and settled in the same Manner elusive of such Peers of that Part of the United King-as the Succession to the Imperial Crown of the said dom called Ireland as shall be Peers of Great Britain,

Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, now (lands limit- or the United Kingdom, then and in that same it shall ed and settled, according to the existing Laws, and to and may be lawful to His Majesty, His Heirs and Suc-the Terms of Union between England and Scotland. ceflors, to create One Peer of that Part of the United

Resolved, That, for the same Purpose, it would be fit Kingdom called Ireland, whenever any One of such One to propose, as the Third Article of Union, That the said Hundred Peerages shall have failed by Extinction, of United Kingdom be represented in One and the same otherwise, it being the true Intent and Meaning of this Parliament, to be (bled " The Parliament of the United Article, that at all Times after the Union, it shall and " Kingdom of Great Britain and Irelandmay be lawful to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succef-Resolved ', That, for the same Purpose, it would be fit (ors, to keep up the exclusive Peerage of that Part of to propose, as the-Fourth Article of Union, That Four the said United Kingdom called Ireland to the Number Lords Spiritual of Ireland by Rotation of Sessions, and of One Hundred: That if any Peerage shall at any Twenty-eight Lords Temporal of Ireland, elected for Time be in Abeyance, such Peerage shall be deemed and Life by the Peers of Ireland, shall be the Number to fit taken as an existing Peerage, and no Peerage shall be and vote on the Part of Irelattd in the House of Lords deemed extinct, unless on Default of Claimants to the of the Parliament of the United Kingdom; and One Inheritance of such Peerage for the Space of One Year Hundred Commoners (Two for each Qpunty of Ireland, from the Death of the Person who shall have been last Two for the City of Dublin, Two for the City of Cork, possessed thereof; and if no Claim shall be made to One for the University of Trinity College, and One for the Inheritance of such Peerage, in such Form and Man-each of the Thirty one most considerable Cities, Towns, ner as may from Time to Time be prescribed by the and Boroughs) be the Number to fit and vote on the House of Lords of the United Kingdom, before the Ex-Part of Ireland in the House of Commons of the Parlia- piration of the said Period of a Year, then and in that ment of the United Kingdom: That such Act as shall same such Peerage shall be deemed extinct, provided be passed in the Parliament of Ireland previous to the that nothing herein shall exclude any Person from af-Union, " to regulate the Mode by which the Lords terwards putting in a Claim to the Peerage so deemed " Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, to serve extinct, and if such Claim shall be allowed as valid,

" in the Parliament of the United Kingdom on the by Judgment of the House of Lords of the United Part of Ireland, shall ty; fuxnmoned or returned to Kingdom reported to His Majesty, such Peerage shall - Vo . 55. 5 A bo

Papers respect-iner the U ion with Ireland — (On turned *

V- -x — J

366 2° Aprilis. 1800.

be certi Tillered as yvived; and in case any new Creation of a Peerage of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, shall have taken place in the Interval, in consequence of the supposed Extinction of such Peerage, then no new Right of Creation shall accrue to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in consequence of the next Extinction which shall take place of any Peerage of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland: That all Questions touching the Election of Members to fit on the Part of Ireland in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom, shall be heard and decided in the same Manner as Questions touching such Elections in Great Britain now are or at any Time hereafter shall by Law be heard and decided; subject nevertheless to such particular Regulations, in respect of land, as from local Circumstances the Parliament of the said United Kingdom may from Time to Time deem expedient: That the Qualifications, in respect of Property, of the Members elected on the Part of Ireland to fit in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom, shall be respectively the same as are now provided by Law in the Cafes of Elections for Counties and Cities and Boroughs respectively, in that Part of Great Britain called England, unless any other Provision shall hereafter be made in that Respect by Act of Parliament of the United Kingdom: That when His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall declare his, her, or their Pleasure for holding the First or any subsequent Parliament of the United Kingdom, a Proclamation shall issue, under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, to cause the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, who are to serve in the Parliament thereof on the Part of to be returned in such Manner as by any Act of this present Session of the Parliament of Ireland shall be provided; and that the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, of Great Britain, shall, together with the Lords 'Spiritual and Temporal, arid Commons, so returned as aforesaid on the Part of Ireland, constitute the Two Houses of the Parliament of the United Kingdom: That if His Majesty, on or before the First Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and One, on which Day the Union is to take place, shall declare, under the Great Seal of Great , that it is expedient

that the Lords and Commons of the present Parliament of Great Britain should be the Members of the respective Houses of the First Parliament of the United Kingdom on the Part of Great Britain, then the said Lords and Commons of the present Parliament of Great Britain shall accordingly be the Members of the respective Houses of the First Parliament of the United Kingdom on the Part of Great Britain; and they, together with the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, so summoned and returned as above on the Part of Ireland, shall be the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, of the First Parliament of the United Kingdom; and such First Parliament may (in that Cafe) if not sooner dissolved, continue to fit so long as the present Parliament of Great Britain may now by Law continue to fit, if not sooner dissolved; and that every One of the Lords of Parliament of the United Kingdom, and every Member of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom, in the First and all succeeding Parliaments, shall, until the Parliament of the United Kingdom shall otherwise provide, take the Oaths and make and subscribe the Declaration which are af present by Law enjoined to be taken, made, and subscribed by the Lords and Commons of the Parliament of Great Britain: That the Lords of Parliament on the Part of Ireland, in the House of Lords of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, shall at all Times have the same Privileges of Parliament which shall belong to the Lords of Parliament on the Part of Great Britain and the Lords Spiritual and Temporal respectively on the Part of Ireland, shall at all Times have the same Rights, in respect of their Sitting and Voting upon the Trial of Peers, as the Lords Spiritual and Temporal respectively on the Part of Great Britain-, and that all Lords Spiritual of Ireland shall have - 9

Rank and Precedency next and immediately after the Lords Spiritual of the same Rank and Degree of Britain, and shall enjoy all Privileges as fully as the Spiritual Lords of England do now, or as any other Spiritual Lords of England may hereafter, enjoy the fame, the Right and Privilege of fitting in the House of Lords, and the Privileges depending thereon, and particularly the Right of fitting on the Trial of Peers excepted; and that the Persons holding any Temporal Peerages of Ireland, existing at the Time of the Union, shall, from and after the Union, have Rank and Precedency next and immediately after all the Persons holding Peerages of the like Orders and Degrees in Great Britain, subsisting at the Time of the Union; and that all Peerages of land, created after the Union, shall have Rank and Precedency with the Peerages of the United Kingdom so created, according to the Dates of their Creations; and that all Peerages, both of Great Britain and Ireland, now subsisting or hereafter to be created, shall, in all other Respects, from the Date of Union, be considered as Peerages of the United Kingdom; and that the Peers of Ireland shall, as Peers of the United Kingdom, be sued and tried as Peers, except as aforesaid, and shall enjoy all Privileges of Peers as fully as the Peers of Great Britain, the Right and Privilege of fitting in the House of Lords, and the Privileges depending thereon, and the Right of fitting on the Trial of Peers, only excepted.

Resolved, That, for the same Purpose, it would be fit to propose, as the Fifth Article of Union, That the Churches of that Part of Great Britain called England, and of Ireland, shall be united into One Church, and that when His Majesty shall summon a Convocation, the Archbishops, Bishops, and Clergy of the several Provinces in Ireland, shall be respectively summoned to and fit in the Convocation of the United Church, in the like Manner, and subject to the same Regulations as to Election and Qualification, as are at present by Law established with respect to the like Orders of the Church of England-, and that the Doctrine, Worship, Discipline, and Government, of the said United Church, shall be preserved as now by Law established for the Church of England, saving to the Church of Ireland all the Rights, Privileges, and Jurisdictions, now thereunto belonging; and t hat |fie Doctrine, Worship, Dif-cipline, and Government, of the Church' of Scotland, shall likewise be preserved as now by Law. and by the Ad: of Union, established for the Church of;

and that the Continuance and Preservation for ever of the said United Church, as the established Church of that Part of the said United Kingdom called England and Ireland, shall be deemed and taken to be an essential and fundamental Article and Condition of the Union.

Resolved, That, for the same Purpose, it would be fit to propose, as the Sixth Article of Union, That His Majesty's Subjects of Great Britain and Ireland shall, from and after the First Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and One, be entitled to the same Privileges, and be on the same Footing as to Encouragements and Bounties on the like Articles, being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of either Kingdom respectively, and generally in respect of Trade and Navigation in all Ports and Places in the United Kingdom and its Dependencies: And that in all Treaties made by His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with any Foreign Power, His Majesty's Subjects of Ireland shall have the same Privileges, and be on the same Footing, as His Majesty's Subjects of Great Britain: That, from the First Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and One, all Prohibitions and Bounties on the Export of Articles, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of either Country to the other, shall cease and determine, and that the said Articles shall thenceforth be exported from one Country to the other without Duty or Bounty on such Export: That all Articles, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of either Kingdom, (not herein after enumerated as subject to specific Duties) shall from

hence-

40 Geo. III.

367

henceforth be imported into each Country from the other free from Duty, other than such countervailing Duty as shall be annexed to the several Articles contained in the Schedule N° I.; and that the Articles herein after enumerated, shall be subject, for the Period of Twenty Years from the Union, on Importation into each Country from the other, to the Duties specified in the Schedule N° II. annexed to this Article i Apparel,

Brass, wrought.

Cabinet Ware,

Coaches and other Carriages,

Copper, wrought.

Cottons,

Glass,

Haberdashery,

Hats,

Tin Plates, Wrought Iron, and Hardware,

Lace, Gold and Silver; Gold and Silver Thread, Bullion for Lace, Pearl and Spangles,

Millinery,

Paper, stained,

Pottery,

Sadlery,

Silk Manufacture,

Stockings.

And that the Woollen Manufactures shall pay, on Importation into each Country, the Duties now payable on Importation into Ireland; Salt and Hops, on Importation into Ireland, Duties not exceeding those which are now paid in Ireland; and Coals, on Importation, to be subject to Burthens not exceeding those to which they are now subject; that Callicoes and Muf-lins be subject and liable to the Duties now payable on the same until the Fifth Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and Eight, and from and after the said Day, the said Duties shall be annually reduced in such Proportions, and at such Periods, as shall hereafter be enacted, so as that the said Duties shall stand at Ten per Cent, from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and Sixteen, until the Fifth Day of January which shall be in the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Twenty-one; and that Cotton Yarn and Cotton Twist shall also be subject and liable to the Duties now payable upon the same until the Fifth Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and Eight, and from and after the said Day, the said Duties shall be annually reduced at such Times, and in such Proportions, as shall be hereafter enacted, so as that all Duties shall cease on the said Articles from and after the Fifth T)ay o{ January One thousand Eight hundred and Sixteen: That any Articles of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of either Country, which are, or may be, subject to internal Duty, or to Duty on the Materials of which they are composed, may be made subject, on their Importation into each Country respectively from the other, to such countervailing Duty as shall appear to be just and reasonable in respect to such internal Duty or Duties on the Materials; and that for the said Purposes, the Articles specified in the said Schedule N L should, upon Importation into Ireland, be subject to the Duty which shall be set forth therein, liable to be taken off, diminished, or increased, in the Manner herein specified; and that upon the like Export of the like Articles from each Country to the other respectively, a Drawback shall be given equal in Amount to the countervailing Duty payable on the Articles hereinbefore specified, on the Import into the same Country with the other; and that, in like Manner, in future it shall be -competent to the United Parliament to impose any new or additional countervailing Duties, or to take off or di-mini(h such existing countervailing Duties as may appear on like Principles to be just and reasonable, in re-iped of any future or additional internal Duty on any Article of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of either Country, or of any new or additional Duty on any Materials of which, such Article may be composed, Vql. 55.

or of any Abatement of the fame; and that when any such new or additional countervailing Duty shall be so imposed on the Import of any Article into either Country from the other, a Drawback equal in Amount to such countervailing Duty shall be given in like Manner on the Export of every such Article respectively from the same Country: That all Articles, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of either Kingdom, when exported through the other, shall in all Cases be exported subject to the same Charges as ,if they had been exported directly from the Country of which they were the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture: That all Duty

charged on the Import of Foreign or. Colonial Goods into either Country, shall, on their Export to the other be either drawn back, or the Amount, if any be re tained, shall be placed to the Credit of the Country to which they shall be so exported, so long as the General Expences of the Empire shall be defrayed by proportional Contributions; provided nothing herein (half extend to take away any Duty, Bounty, -or Prohibition, which exists with respect to Corn, Meal, Malt,- Flour, and Biscuit; but that the same may be regulated, varied, or repealed, from Time to Time, as the United Parliament shall deem expedient.

> 1 " j

SCHEDULE, I;: '

Of the Articles to be changed with Countervailing Duties upon Importation from Great Britain into Ireland, according to the Sixth Article of Union.

Articles to be charged with a countervailing Duty ip Ireland;

Beer,-

Glass,

Leather,

Paper, stained,

Paper,

Silk,

Spirits,-

Sugar, refined,

Sweets,

Tobacco.

SCHEDULE, N» IL

Of the Articles charged with the Duties specified upon Importation into Great Britain and Ireland respectively, according to the Sixth Article of ynion. Apparel, '

Brass, wrought, v

Cabinet Ware,

Coaches and other Carriages,

Copper, wrought.

Cottons, except Callicoes and Muslins,

Glass, .;

Haberdashery,

Hats,.

Tin Plates, Wrought Iron, and Hardware,

Lace, Gold and Silver; Gold and Silver Thread, Bullion for Lace, Pearl and Spangles,

Millinery,

Paper, stained *

Pottery,

Sadlery, and other Manufactured Leather,

Silk Manufacture,.

Stockings.

Resolved, That, for the same Purpose, it would be fitr . to propose, as the Seventh Article of Union, That the Charge arising from the Payment of the Interest, and the Sinking Fund for the Reduction of the Principal, of the Debt incurred in either Kingdom before the Union, shall continue to be separately defrayed by Great Britain and Ireland respectively: That, for the Space of Twenty Years after the Union shall take place, the Contribution of Great Britain and Ireland respectively towards the Expenditure of the United Kingdom, in each Year, shall be defrayed in the Proportion of Fifteen

Papers respecting the Union with Ireland- continued.

o

3

75

o

cx

G

Q

a

C

G

368 2° 1800.

P per ref| a- teen Parts for Great Britain, and Two Parts for Ireland: shall be kept distinift, and shall be borne by each fe-

wuh ireVand — That, at the Expiration of the said Twenty Years, the parately, and only that Part of the said Loan be deem- -'ntinvd. future Expenditure of the United Kingdom (other than ed joint and common for the Reduction of which the c. «y t the Interest and Charges of the Debt to which either respective Countries shall have made Provision in the Country shall be separately liable) shall be defrayed in Proportion of their respective Contributions: That if such Proportion as the United Parliament shall deem at any future Day the separate Debt of each Kingdom just and reasonable, upon a Companion of the real Va respectively shall have been liquidated, or the Values of lue of the Exports and Imports of the respective Coun- their respective Debts (estimated according to the tries, upon an Average of the Three Years next preced- Amount of the Interest and Annuities attending the ing the Period of Revision j or on a Comparison of the lame, of the Sinking Fund applicable to the Reduc-VaJueof the Quantities of the following Articles con- tion thereof, and the Period within which the whole (umed within the respective Countries, on a similar Ave- Capital of such Debt shall appear to be redeemable by rage; viz. Beer, Spirits, Sugar, Wine, Tea, Tobacco, such Sinking Fund) shall be to each other in the same and Malt; or, according to the aggregate Proportion Proportion with the respective Contributions of each resulting from both there Considerations combined; or. Kingdom respectively, or where the Amount by which on a Comparison of the Amount of Income in each the Value of the larger of such Debts shall vary from Country, estimated from the Produce, for the same Pc- such Proportion shall not exceed One Hundredth Part riod, of a General Tax (if such shall have been imposed) of the said Value, and if it shall appear to the United on the same Descriptions of Income in both Countries; Parliament that the respective Circumstances of the and that the Parliament of the United Kingdom shall Two Countries will thenceforth admit of their contri-afterwards proceed in like Manner to revise and fix buting indiscriminately, by equal Taxes imposed on the said Proportions, according to the same Rules, or /the same Articles in each, to the future General Expence any of them, at Periods not more distant than Twen- of the United Kingdom, it shall be competent to the ty Years nor leis than Seven Years from each other, un- said United Parliament to declare, that all future Ex-less previous to any such Period the United Parliament pence thenceforth to be incurred, together with the In-shall have declared, as herein after provided, that the terest and Charges of all Joint Debts contracted previ-General Expences of the Empire shall be defrayed in- ous to such Declaration, shall be (o defrayed indiferimi-discriminately by equal Taxes imposed on the like Ar- nately, by equal Taxes imposed on the same Articles tides in both Countries: That, for the defraying the in each Country, and thenceforth from Time to Time, said Expences according to the Ruies above laid down, as Circumstances may require, to impose and apply such the Revenues of Ireland shall hereafter constitute a Con- Taxes accordingly; subject only to such particular Ex -solidated Fund, upon which. Charges equal to the In- emptions or Abatements in Ireland, and that Part of terest of her Debt and Sinking Fund shall in the First Great Britain called Scotland, as Circumstances may ap-Instance be charged, and the Remainder shall be appear from Time to Time to demand: That, from the plied towards defraying the Proportion of the General Ex- Period of such Declaration, it shall no longer be necef-pence of the United Kingdom to which Ireland may be fary to regulate the Contribution of the Two Countries liable in each Year: That the Proportion of Contribu- towards the future General Expences, according to any tion to which Great Britain and Ireland will by these specific Proportion, or according to any of the Rules Articles be liable, shall be raised by such Taxes in each hereinbefore prescribed; provided nevertheless, that the Kingdom respectively as the Parliament of the United Interest or Charges which may remain on Account of Kingdom shall from Time to Time deem fit; provided any Part of the separate Debt with which either Coun-always, that in regulating the Taxes in each Country, try is chargeable, and which shall not be liquidated or by which their respective Proportions shall be levied, consolidated proportionably as above, shall, until extin-no Article in Ireland shall be liable to be taxed to any guished, continue to be defrayed by separate Taxes in Amount exceeding that which will be thereafter payable each Country: That a Sum not less than the Sum which in England on the like Article: That if, at the End of has been granted by the Parliament of on the

any Year, any Surplus shall accrue from the Revenues Average of the last Six Years, as Premiums for the in of Ireland, after defraying the Interest, Sinking Fund, ternal Encouragement of Agriculture or Manufactures, and proportional Contribution, and separate Charges to or for the maintaining Institutions for pious and chari-which the said Country is liable, either Taxes shall be table Purposes, shall be applied, for the Period of taken off to the Amount of such Surplus, or the Sur- Twenty Years after the Union, to such local Purposes, plus shall be applied by the United Parliament to local in such Manner as the Parliament of the United King-Purposes in Ireland, or to make good any Deficiency dom shall direct: That, from and after the First Day of which may arise in her Revenues in Time of Peace, or January One thousand Eight hundred and One, all Pub-be inverted by the Commissioners of the National Debt lie Revenue arising from the Territorial Dependencies of Ireland in the Funds, to accumulate for the Benefit of the United Kingdom, shall be applied to the General .-of Ireland at Compound Interest, in ease of her Contri- Expenditure of the Empire, in the Proportions of the frution in Time of War, provided the Surplus so to ac- respective Contributions of the Two Countries, cumulate shall at no' future Period be suffered to ex- Resolved, That, for the same Purpose, it would be fit to ceed the Sum of Five Millions: That all Monies here- propose, as the Eighth Article of the Union, That all after to be raised by Loan in.Peace or War, for the Ser- Laws in Force at the Time of the Union, and all Courts , vice of the United Kingdom, by the Parliament there- of Civil and Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction within the respectof, shall be considered to be a Joint Debt, and the tive Kingdoms, shall remain as now by Law established; Charges thereof shall be borne by the respective Coun- subject only to such Alterations and Regulations from tries in the Proportion of their respective Contributions; Time to Time as Circumstances may appear to the Par-provided, that if at any Time, in railing their re(pec- liament of the United Kingdom to require; provided, tive Contributions hereby fixed for each Kingdom, the tfiat all Writs of Error and Appeals depending at the Parliament of the United Kingdom shall judge it fit to Time of the Union, or hereafter to be brought, and raise a greater Proportion of such respective Contribu- which might now be finally decided by the House of tions in one Kingdom within the Year than in the other, Lords of either Kingdom, shall, from and after the pr to set apart a greater Proportion of Sinking Fund for Union, be finally decided by the House of L^rds of the the Liquidation of the Whole or any Part of the Loan United Kingdom; and provided, that from and after the raised on Account of the one Country, than of that Union there shall remain in Ireland an Instance Court raised on Account of the other Country, then such Part of Admiralty for the Determination of Causes Civil'and of the said Loan, for the Liquidation of which different Maritime only; and that all Laws at present in Force Provision? have been made for the respective Countries, in either Kingdom, which shall be contrary tq any of

40 Geo. III. d°

the Provisions which may be enacted by any Act for carrying this Article into Effect, be, from and after the Union, repealed.

(Signed) JOHN GAYER, D. Cler. Pari.

G. F. HILL, Cler. Com.

To the KING'S Most Excellent MAJESTY.

t

The humble Address of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We You,r Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to acquaint Your Majesty. That we have taken into our most serious and deliberate Consideration, the great and important Subject of a Legislative Union between Great Britain and Ireland, which was laid before us in his Excellency the Lord Lieutenant's Message to both , Houses of Parliament on the Fifth Day of February last, accompanied by the Resolutions of the Two Houses of the Parliament of Great Britain, proposing that great Measure, and the earnest and solemn Recommendation of Your Majesty.

Deeply impressed with the Necessity of rendering the Connexion of Great Britain and this Kingdom indiffo-luble, and truly sensible of the repeated Efforts which have been made by Foreign and Domestic Enemies, to Ibake that Connection and to eff'ed their entire Separation, we fully approve and cordially embrace the Principle of incorporating Great Britain and Ireland into One Kingdom, under Your Majesty's auspicious Government, by a complete and entire Union of their Legifla-tures.

We do consider the Resolutions of the Two Houses of the British Parliament, as wifely calculated to form the Balls of such a Settlement: We have adopted them as our Guide in the Measures we have pursued, and we now feel it our Duty to lay before Your Majesty, the Resolutions to which we have agreed; which Resolutions, we humbly submit to Your Majesty may form the Articles of Union between Great Britain and Ireland, and which, if they shall be approved by the Two Houses of the Parliament of Great Britain, we are ready to confirm and ratify, in order that the same may be established for ever by the mutual Consent of both Parliaments.

We doubt not that Your Majesty, and Your Parliament of Great Britain, will consider these Resolutions as the most unequivocal Testimony of our zealous Loyalty to Your Majesty's sacred Person, Family, and Government, and as an unalterable Pledge of our Attachment to the British Empire: We offer them in the full Conviction, that by incorporating the Legislatures, and by consolidating the Resources of the Two Kingdoms, we shall increase the Power and Stability of that Empire; and that, by uniting ourselves with Your Majesty's Subjects of Great Britain, under One Parliament, and under One Government, we shall most effectually provide for the Improvement of our Commerce, the Security of our Religion, and the Preservation of our Liberties.

JOHN GAYER, Pari.

G. F. HILL, Cler. Dom. Com.

Ordered, That the said Resolutions, Address, Papers, and Accounts, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom His Majesty's said most Gracious Message is referred.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Resolutions, Address, Papers, and Accounts, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Vox.. 55.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Report on Act Committee of the whole House, to whom it was refer- Salt

red to consider of so much of an A eft, made in the last Petit. Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for permit- „

" ting certain Goods imported from the East Indies to b« warehoused; and for repealing the Duties now payable thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof," as relates to the Duties on Salt Petre, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House,

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing so much of the said Act as relates to Salt Petre.

And Mr. Bragge moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Bil|ordfre<J. for repealing so much of the said Act as relates to Salt Petre: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Rose, and Mr.

Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day; for the House Committee of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Ways and to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.;

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had di-reifted him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Poor Removal That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve it- Bl11 deterreU‘ self into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to prevent, for a Time to be limited, the Removal of Casual Poor, notwithstanding the y may have received Parochial Relief;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,: 44'

Tellers for' the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Commiifec on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, importation of to consider of permitting the Importation of Goods and CoodshjNeu-Commodities from any Country in America, belonging tral Ships, to any Foreign European Sovereign or State, in Neutral Ships, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, defer-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, r ' to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

B Resolved,

1

n

1

.1

!i

t

j

;i

j,

K?nt Gaol Bill, read a Second Time and Counld bvau'd.

Huddersfield Canal Bill, deferred.

Committee on A£i rei'pe£\ing Duties on Sugar and Cotfee, deferred.

Tonkeeper B .'!, deferred.

37°

A. 1800.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, to enable the Justices of the Peace acting for the Western Division of the County of Kent to pyrehafe a convenient Piece of Ground for building a Gaol for the said County, and for empowering the said Justicei to apply Part of the County Stock of the said Division towards the fame, and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Justices of the Peace acting in and for the Eastern Division of the County of Kent, and also of the Proprietors and Occupiers of Estates in the said Division, whole Names are thereunto futfferibed, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the said Petition, and went through their Evidence.

And the Counsel for the Bill were also heard.

And One of the Counsel for the Petitioners having been heard by Way of Reply;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Ordered, That the further Proceeding, upon the Second Reading of the said Bill, be adjourned till Friday Fortnight, the 18th Day of this Instant April.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Huddersfield Canal Company to finish and complete the Huddersfield Canal, and for amending the Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintajning the said Huddersfield Canal, was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Commit teevrf the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to " His Majesty certain additional Duties on Sugar imported and exported, and on Coffee exported j and for reducing the Drawbacks now allowed on the Ex-u portation of Sugar," as imposes Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

the said Canal further and other Powers, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Payne Knight reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two Acts, the One passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled " An Act for amending, repairing, and widening, " the Roads leading from the in the Pari 111 of

" Yarpole, in the County of Hereford, to Prefieigne, in the County of Radnor, and from thence to Leintwardine, and from Prefieigne aforesaid, to the Top of Trap " Hill, and from the Ryeivay aforesaid, by the -

" head, to JVoofiertou, in the County of Salop;" and the other passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for continuing the Term of the said Act, agd for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads branching out of the Roads comprized in the said Act, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, so far as relates to the Notices directed to be given at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace at Michaelmas last; but that the Notices were not published in the Newspapers until the Month of last,

the Parties not being aware at the Time that the said Notices were required to be given in the Months of Augufiand September, or either of them; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the iaid Acts were read: And,

Mr. Edward Robson Ward, being examined, said, That a considerable Progress hath been made in amending the Roads comprized in the said Acts, and a large Debt hath been contrafted on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted and continued; that the said Debt cannot be paid off , nor can the said Roads be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts are enlarged.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted that Notice may be forthwith given of the Application to Parliament, for the Purposes mentioned in the said Petition, Three Times in the Newspaper called The Hereford Journal.

m

Jcvisy 30;

Anno 40 Georgii IlItU Regis, 1800. Prayers.

Fore 'll JfR- Patten reported from the Committee, to whom JLV1 the Bill for altering and amending an Act, passed P«ted. " in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Peak Forest Canal, and for granting to the Company of Proprietors of *

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, turning, varying, altering, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, so far as the same relates to the Road from Hafiingden to Todmorden, being the Second District of the said Roads, and for making and maintaining a Branch therefrom, at or near a Place called Fearns, in Wolfenden Booth, to Edge Side, in the same Booth, and another Branch therefrom, at or near a Place called Robert's Mill, in Bacup Booth, into the Rochdale Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Spotland, all in the said

County

YarpMr and Preiiei^ne,

Ronds Petition reported.

4

Haflingdcti Roads Bill, patted.

40 Geo. III.

3° Aprils.

371

ftillto prevent

Bull-baiting,

committed.

Confideied.

reported.

County Palatine of Lancajlerwas read the Third Time.

Rejbtved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, for Twenty-one Years, and from tbfnce to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, turning, varying, altering, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, so far as the same relates to the Road from Hafiingden to Todmorden, being the Second District-of the said Roads, and for making and maintaining a Branch therefrom, at or near a Place called in

Wolfenden Booth, to Edge Side, in the same Booth, and

another Branch therefrom, at or near a Place called Robert's Mill, in Bacup Booth, into the Rochdale Turnpike

Road, in the Parish of Scotland, all in the said County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Patten do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for preventing the Practice of Bullbaiting, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itfelt into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee j

Mr. Speaker. left the Chair.

Mr. Dent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr Speakerrefumed the Cha r.

Mr. Dent reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr, Dent accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bll, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tomorrow Fortnight, the 18th Day of this Instant April.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Order of Leave

for Exchequer Bills Bill on Credit of Supplies, discharged.

.Another Bill ordered.

passed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, TanfieM in-a Common called Tanfield 'Moor, in the Parish of Chester- uoU,<;B‘" le-Street, in the County of Durham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Common called Tanfield Moor, in the Parish of -

le-Street, in the County of Durham.

Ordered, That Mr. Bur don do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Exchequer Bills Bill on Credit of Sup plies, presented.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon Thursday last, " That Leave be given to bring in " a Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to ifl'ue Exchequer Bills, to a limited " Amount, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as " have been granted by Parliament for the Service of the " Year One thousand Eight hundred," might be read. And the said Order being-read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring m a Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to iflfue Exchequer Bills, to an Amount to be limited, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred: And that Mr. Long, Mr. Ch;yicellor of the Exchequer, Mr. and Mr. Bragge, do prepare,' and bring in, the same *

Vol. 55.

Mr. Long presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to ifl'ue Exchequer Bills, to an Amount to be limited, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland, according to Order, Report on En-reported from the Committee of the whole House, to ^>c^j,a"ion whom it was referred to consider of giving Encourage- of-Oau.&c. ment to the Importation of Oats and Oatmeal into this Kingdom, the Resolution which the Committee had di-rested'him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk'sTable:

Where the tame was read; and is as followeth; viz-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, whenever the Average Price of Oats, ascertained and publiftied in The London Gazette, under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament, shall be less than Forty Shillings per Quarter, there shall be 'given on every Quarter of Oats (each Winchester Buftiel whereof shall weigh Thirty-six Pounds Avoirdupois or upwards) a Bounty equal to the Difference between such Average Price and Forty Shillings per Quarter, and which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain before the ill Day of October 1800, from any Port of Europe,. or any

Port in The Mediterranean, or \n Af or from any of His Majesty's Colonies in America, or from The United States.

The said Resolution, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland and Mr. William Dundas do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Bill for better further Consideration the Report from the Committee Muu, de^ of of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and ferred. amend an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the better Regulation of Mills," was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Fortnight, the 21st Day of this Instant April.

The House was moved, That the Order, made Yesterday, for printing the Bill for better regulating the Price and Xffize of Bread, as amended by the Committee, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

'The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And

Order for printing Bill for be ter regulating the Assize of Bread, discharged.

Report of !> B.ll, further considered. „

Aprilis. 1800.

re-comlnitted *

Report Way ana Me«n$.

Pay and Clothing of the Militia,

Allowances to Militia Officers.

' And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and a Table of Prices, and for fixing the Af-lize, was added, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, and on the Report, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed, as amended.

Refo/ved, That the said Bill, as amended, be recommitted to a Select Committee:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Rose, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Mr. Baker, the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Stanley, Mr. John Fane, Mr. Dickinson, Mr. Buxton, Sir William Young, Sir John William And Mr. Douglas, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Wilberforce, the Lord Sheffield, Mr. ShawLefevre, Mr. Burdon, Mr. Wallace, Mr. EJlcourt, Mr. Frere, Mr. George Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp, Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Blackburue of Lancashire, Mr. Elford, Mr. Strutt, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Morritt, Mr. Fordyce, Mr. Nicholas Jit tart, Mr. Gregor: And they are to meet this After-' noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1799, be defrayed out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of the Allowances to be made to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants, of the Militia, disembodied, in pursuance of an Act, of the present Session of Parliament, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1800, be defrayed out of the Monies arising'by the Land Tax.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the other of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Countries in America, belonging to any Foreign Sovereign or State, in Neutral Ships, for a Time to be limited: And that Mr. Bragge and the Lord Haw kef bury do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the last Session'of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for permitting certain Goods imported from the East Indies " to be warehoused, and for repealing the Duties now payable thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu " thereof," as relates to Salt Petre: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The ingrossed Bill for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal " Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt,

" Tobacco, and Snuff, for the'Service of the Year One " thousand Eight hundred together with those named in Two former Acts, for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a " Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in " England, Wales, and the Town of Tweed,

" and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and " Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight " hundredtogether with those named in Two former Acts, for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to " His Majesty certain additional Duties on Sugar imported and exported, and on Coffee exported; and " for reducing the Drawbacks now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar;" as imposes Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Report on im- Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Erckan0 Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-c.ockU in Ncu- ferfed to consider of permitting the Importation of tnl Ship . Goods and Commodities from any Country in America, belonging to any Foreign European Sovereign or State, in Neutral Ships; That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to permit the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Countries in America, belonging to any Fo-

reign European Sovereign or State, in Neutral Ships, for a Time to be limited.

And Mr. Bragge moved the House accordingly.

BUl ordered. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to permit the Importation of Goods and Commodities from

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to prevent, for a Time to be limited, the Removal of Casual Poor, notwithstanding the y may have received Parochial Relief;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellen so, the Ye1S.

T'"- Noes' ImI: IS, f 3°-

So it paired in the Negative.

Resolved

Bill rrfpe&inj the Duties ob Salt Pette, pie Icntrti.

Land Tax Commissionei Bill, patful.

Committee cm Act respecting Duties on Sugar and Coffee, del ei red.

Innkeeper BUI, defei-rcd.

Boor Removal Bill, put off for Six Month,

4

4o Geo. III.

373

The Lords hare agreed to

Bill for granting Bounties on Importation of Wheat, &c.

Bloxham In-doi'are Bill *

Marton Inrfo sure Bill.

Burlifcombe Inclosure Bill.

Witney, &c. Roods Bill.

Bill to extend Land Tax Re-demptionA&s, With Amendments.

The Lords have passed Columbine's Divorce Bill.

Leverton Rec-lOiy BUI.

Lords Amendments to Bill to extend Land Tax Redemption Acts, agreed to.

Resolved , That this House will, upon this Day Six Months, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr.

JVihnot:

Mr.Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting Bounties on the Importation of Wheat, Wheaten Flour, and Rice until the First Day of October One thousand Eight hundred; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled,- An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, lying within the Parish of Bloxham, in the County of Oxford; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, and Commons or Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Marton with Grafton, in the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

Tlje Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of , in the County of Devon; without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in Witnessto the Turnpike k.oad of Swerf Heath., and also the Road leading from the Turnpike Road from to Birmingham, through CAarlbury to the Turnpike Road from Chipping Norton to Bwrford, all in the County of Oxford; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for extending, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and One, the Period of Preference granted, and continued by several Acts, to Bodies Corporate, and Persons, for the Redemption of Land Tax, and for enlarging several of the Powers contained in the said Acts; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Biff, intituled, An Act to difl'olve the Marriage of Edward Henry , Ef-

quire, with Anna Maria Statr, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein-mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for uniting the North Mediety of the Rectory of,

in the County of Lincoln, with the South Mediety of the same Rectory, from and after the next Avoidance of either Benefice; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for extending, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred, until the Twenty-fifth Day.of March One thousand Eight hundred and One, the Period of Preference granted, and continued by several Acts, to Bodies Corporate, and Persons, for the Redemption of Land Tax, and for enlarging several of the Powers contained in the said Acts.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as fol-loweth; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. a 1. Leave out " Grant" and insert

" Mortgage or Rent Charge."

Pr. 5. 1. 1. After " concerning" insert " any."

1. 2. Leave out " Grants" and insert " Mortgage or Rent Charge."

And it appearing to the House, that the Words,

" Mortgage or Rent Charge" had been inserted in the ' V-o 1,. 55.

Second Clause in the Bill, by the Committee of this House, to whom the said Bill was committed, but not in the Two next Clauses, where the Sense required that the same Alteration should have been made; and that the Amendments made by the Lords were 4rfiy for the Purpose of supplying this Omission, conformably to tire manifest Intention of this House;

The said Amendments were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That a Special Entry be made in the Journal of this House of the Reasons for agreeing to the Amendments made by their Lordships to the said Bill.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of New Saturn, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners obfefve, by the Votes, that a Petition of the Right honourable Jacob Earl of Radnor, Recorder of the said City, hath been presented to the House, Praying for Leave to bring in a Bill forgiving to the exempt Jurisdiction of the City and Close of New Sarum a Power of confining, in the Common Gaol for the County of situate in Fish-

erton Anger, adjoining to the said City, Felons, Debtors, and other Prisoners, from the said Jurisdiction, pursuanl to an Agreement made with the Magistrates of the said County; and that an Act wfts passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for removing and re-building the Council Chamber, Guildhall, and Gaol of the said City, and for ascertaining the Tolls of the Market, and regulating the Chairmen within the said City, and the Mayor and Commonalty of the said City were thereby authorized to build and maintain, within the said City, or the Suburbs or Precincts thereof, a Gaol for the said City, and the Close thereof, and to take upon themselves the Custody and safe Keeping of such Persons as should be confined therein; and it was by the said Act provided, that, until such new Gaol should be erected, all the Debtors, Felons, and other Persons, within the said City, and the Close thereof, who then were, or should be, liable, or ought to be, committed to the said Common Gaol of the said City, should, as Occasion should require, be committed by the Justices of the Peace for the said City, or Close thereof, to, and should be confined in, the Common Gaol of the County of Wilts; and that the old Gaol belonging to the said

City was, under the Authority of the said Act, taken down, and a new one was intended to be erected; but it hath not been done, it being conceived that such Debtors, Felons, and other Persons, would be more safely and conveniently confined in the said County Gaol, the same being very large and secure, and immediately adjoining to the said City, than they would be in a new Gaol, to be erected within the said City, of the Suburbs or Precincts thereof, as directed by the said Act, and as stated in the said Petition already presented to the House; and it Is therefore expedient that, instead of erecting a new Gaol, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, the Agreement entered into by the Petitioners with the Magistrates for the said County, for the Purpose above mentioned, should be ratified and carried into Effect, and it is necessary that some of the Powers and Provisions of the said Act should be explained, amended, and enlarged; and that, Doubts having arisen respecting the Office of Clerk of the said City, and the Rights, Privileges, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, vested in and by the said Act in the Mayor and Commonalty of the said City, an Agreement had been entered into with the Right Reverend Father in God John Lord Bishop of Sarum, to whom the Gift or Grant of the said Office belonged, before the passing of the said Act, for an Explanation of so much thereof as relates to the Grant of such Office, and the Rights and Privi-

5 C leges

NeW 6«rwft '

Gaol, Scce ad« ditional Fetw lion.

A\ 1800,

374

3° — 40 .

% )Kr Order rod *

AMbourne Poor Bill, committed.

Chippenham, Ac. Roads Bill, committed.

Royal Assent to Bills.

leges of the fame: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition of the said Jacob Earl of , and

that in such Bill Provision may be made for repealing so much of the said Act as directs a new Gaol to be built in the said City, and for ratifying and carrying into Effect the several Agreements above mentioned, and also, for explaining, amending, and enlarging the Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of Jacob Earl of Radnor, Recorder of the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

The other Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Huddersfield Canal Company to finish and complete the Huddersfield Canal, and for amending the Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Huddersfield Canal, was committed; .

And Notice being taken that Forty Members were not present, the House was told by Mr. Speaker; and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first. put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 4 die Aprilis;

Anno 40' Georgii III " Regis, 1800. Prayers.

A BILL for providing aWorkhouse for the Use of the Parish of Aldbourne, in the County of Wilts, and for appointing an additional Overseer for the better Government of the Poor of the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Eftcourt, Mr. Penruddocke Wyndhatn,&c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the Road from a Place called The Stone Pillar, or Crops Hand, in the Parish of Chippenham, so the County of Wilts, to, or near to, a Bridge called Knox Bridge, in the Parish of in the County of Gloucester, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said Counties of Wilts and Gloucester, was read a Second Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. EJlcourt, Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's plumber.

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod: r

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal AlTent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable'House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

- And being returned; .

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of His

Royal Highness the Duke of His Royal High-

ness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of ce/ler, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said , Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Steward of His Majesty's Houshold, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal AlTent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz. v

An Act for extending, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and One, the Period of Preference granted, and continued by several Acts, to Bodies Corporate, and Persons, for the Redemption of Land Tax, and for enlarging several of the Powers contained in the said Acts:

An Act for granting Bounties on the Importation of Wheat, Wheaten Flour, and Rice, until the First Day of October One thousand Eight hundred:

An Act for the Appointment and Regulation of Pilots for the Conducting of Ships and Vessels into and out of the Port of Kingston upon Hull; and for ascertaining the

Salvage for Anchors, Cables, and other Ships Materials, found in the River Humber; and for the better ascertaining the Tonnage of Ballad Lighters employed at the said Port:

An Act for opening and making Two new Streets in the City of Aberdeen:

An Act for more effectually repairing the Read from Summerrods Bar, near the Town of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Alfion, in the County of Cumberland:

An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Tewn, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending, the Roads from the Town of Halifax, and from Sowerby. Bridge, in the County of by

Todmorden, to Burnley and Litt/eb the County of Lancaster:

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road fmtn Glenwhelt, through Haltwhifile, Hexham, and Cor bridge,

to the Military Road near Shi/Jon Bar, and for making and repairing a Branch Road from aforesaid, to

Heddon on the Wall, all in the County of Northumberland: 1 r

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the Road from the Village of dlagor to the Bridge-foot :in the Town of Chet flow, in the County of Monmouth, and several other Roads in the Counties of Monmouth, Gloucester, Hereford, and Brecon, to continue in Force for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament:

An Act for amending, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in Witnessto the Turnpike Road on Heath, and also the Road leading from the Turnpike. Road from Woodfiock to Birmingham, through Char Huey, to the Turnpike Road from Chipping Norton to Burjord, all in the County of Oxford:

An Act for inclosing, dividing, and allotting Two certain Tracts of Land, now held and used as Stinted

Common"

Ligtopill and Birdlip Road Bill, committed.

Lords Amendment to Ale-mouth and Alnwick Reads Bill, agreed to.

Ovington Inclosure Bill, committed.

Dedham In-

closure Bill, committed.

Rnmfty, &c. Drainage Bill, committed.

40 Geo. III. 4 0 Aprilis.375

Common of Pasture, within the Parish of $nettifhdm, in Chatteris, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cam-the County of Norfolk: bridge, and for amending the Road from a certain Bridge,

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open in the Parish of Chatteris aforesaid, called Carter's Bridge,

and Common Arable Meadow, Ley Pasture, and Waite by a Drain called ,or The Forty Feet Drain, to

Lands, within the Parish of Wendlebury, in the County a Bridge called The Forty Feet Bridge, in the said Pari (lx of Oxford: - of R as far as Relates to embanking the Lands

An Act for separating the Commons or Waste Grounds therein described, called by the Name of The Upper of the Manor of East Horseln, in the County of Surrey, trill or was read a Second Time,

which lie in the several Parishes of EastHorfeley and ' Refo/ved, T\\zt the Bill be committed to Mr. Bramfon,

Ockham, within the said Manor, and for settling the Mr. &c.: And they are to meet this Af-

Rights of Common thereon: ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham-

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open ber. and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, lying within the An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Columbine's Parish of B/oxham, in the County of Oxford: to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Columbine, rce£lJI An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields Esquire, with Anna Maria Starr, his now Wife, and to and Commons or Waste Grounds, within the Parish of enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes Marion with Grafton, in the County of York :therein mentioned, was read the First Time. ~

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Com- RefThat the Bill be read a Second Time, mons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Bitrlfcombe, -

in the County of Devon. A Petition of Joseph Cooper, Esquire, was presented to Petition of

the House, and read; faking Notice of the Bill for rail-A Bill for making and maintaining a Road from or ing a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution pfe Earlro- . from near LightpillGate, on the Road leading from Bath Two several Acts, passed in the Thirty-fifth and Thirty- pavement to Dudbridge, in the Parish of Rodborough, to join the eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for 1 Turnpike Road from Painswick to Cheltenham, at or near widening and improving the Entrance into the City of Birdlip, in the Parishes of Brimpsfield and Cozvlev, of London, near Temple Bar, for making a more commodi-Onc of them, all in the County of Gloucester, was read a ous Street Or Passage at Hill, and for raising, on

Second Time. 1 the Credit of the Orphans Fund, a Sum of Money for

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr . EJlcourt ithole Purposes, and for explaining and amending the Mr. John Pitt, &c.: And they are to meet this After- said Acts j and Setting forth, That the Petitioner will noon, at Five of jthe Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. be much injured unless Provisiorr be made in the said

Bill for protecting his Property: And therefore praying,

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the That he may be heard by himself, or Counsel, and that Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, the House will grant him such Relief as to them shall An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from feertl meet.

A/emouth, through Alnwick and Rotl.bury,- to Ilexl/am, . Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the and a Branch from the said Road between Alnwick and Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bil

Rothbury, to Jockey's Dike Bridge, in the County of is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by Northumberland. himself, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon

And the said Amendment was read; and is as follow- his Petition, if he thinks fit. cth; viz. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-

Pr. 15. 1. 13. After " also," insert " (with the Con- miftee, that -they do admit Counsel to be heard, at thelent of the Owner of the Soil.)" same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said The said Amendment, being read a Second Time, Petition. - -

was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the fcom-the House. . -': mittee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Sir MattheWWhite Ridley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House A Petition of the there tmdersigned Copyholders, and Pe ition of hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lord- others, Inhabitants of the Pari (lies of Felt ham, Hanzvortk,

ships. . ': ‘ and Sun bury, in the County of was presented wunit, occ.

f ' to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is indduw Bill,

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Whole now pending in the House for inclosing the Commons and Year Lands, Open Fields, Commons, Commonable Waste Lands of the Manor of which, should it

Wood Grounds, and other Commonable and Waste pass into a Law, the Petitioners are apprehensive will,

Lands, within the Parish of Ovington, in the County of prove of very injurious Tendency to thefr Interests, as.

Norfolk, was read a Second Time. also to those of the Poor of the said Parishes; and that,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Buxton, the Petitioners derive very considerable Advantage from,

Mr. Ajltey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, the Right of Commonage which they enjoy as appurte-. at Fi.ve of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. nant to their several Copyhold Estates, and by 'which they are entitled to departure Sheep and other Common-.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Heaths able Cattle on the said Commons and Waste Lands, and Commons, and for exonerating from Common during the Season when their Lands are in Tillage; and Right the Half Year Lands, and Lammas Linds, within they greatly fear that the Share or Portion of Land,' the Manors of Dedham Hall, and Overhall and Nether- which may be respectively allotted to them as customary

hall, in the Parish of Dedham, in the County of Essex,' Tenants of the Manor, will be so far from remunerating was read a Second Time.; them for the Lots and Detriment they will sustain by

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bramston^such Inclosure, that the Expence necessarily attendant

Mr. Diekins,&c,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, upon the Inclosure and Amelioration of the Land lb al-

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. ' lotted to them would be much greater than its intrinsic.

Value, or any Advantage they could poftibly gain by it;

A Bill for amending and making more effectual an and that the said Poor depend entirely for the Supply of Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His Fuel from the Furze, Heath, and Turf, which they pro-present Majesty, for embanking, draining, and preserv- cure at their leisure Hours from the said Commons, being ing certain Pen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parish precluded from obtaining any Substitute for the fame, of Ram fey, in the County of Huntingdon, and in the Pa — as Coals, from the inland Situation of the said Panlhes, rilhes of Doddingtcn, March, Benwick, tyimblington, and (and the consequent Necessity of conveying them by Vol. 55. Land

Denbigh and Flint Roads Petition tt+ ported.

Crofton, &c.

D.ai,;ire Bill, prefei.ted.

Bolton R -1 Bill committed.

376 4 Apr 1800,.

Land Carriage) are extremely dear, and Wood equally scarce and expensive, and, even should a Part of the said Common be appropriated by the said Bill for that Purpose, the Petitioners apprehend it would be very inadequate to answer the End for which it may be designedj and that the said Poor (several of whom are Widows with large Families) are indebted Tor the chief Means of supporting themselves and Families to the Produce of Cattle and Poultry, which they are enabled to keep on the said Commons and Waste Lands, of which Privilege should they be deprived, or limited from the Enjoyment thereof in its full Extent, they must inevitably be reduced to the Alternative of soliciting Relief from their tespective Parishes (which are already heavily burthened with Poor) or of enduring very great Distress in removing to a Situation better adapted to supply their Necessities: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. JVatkin Williams reported from the Committee, to whom the Fetition of several of the Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Town of Denbigh to the Town of Saint and from thence to

the Town and Port of Ruthlin the Counties of Denbigh and Flint, and for repealing an Act, made in the Thirty secondYfear of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as the same relates to the said, Road, Was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Hugh Stodart, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby authorized to be collected, which Money Hill remains due, and cannot be paid off, and the said Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and some Alterations and Amendments % *

made thereto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for more effectually repairing the Road leading from l the Town of Denbigh to the Town of Saint Asaph,

* and freen thence to the Town and Port of in the Counties of Denbigh and , and for repealing an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of his " late Majesty King George the Second, so far as the same relates to the said Road And that Mr.

" kin Williams, Mr. Jones, and Sir Watkin Williams

Wynn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Stanley presented to the House, according tQ Order, a Bill for draining, improving, and preserving the Low Lands and Grounds^ within the Townships of Crofion, Mawdejley, R.tfford, Bifpham, Tarleton, and

thertou, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Timet

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the South End of The Moor Lane, in the Township of Great Bolton, into 5

the Turnpike Road (from to Wigan, Hear

Westhoughton Chapel, all in the County Palatine of Dan cqfter, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanley, Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for amending, widening, improving and keeping in Repair, the Road leading out of the Turnpike Road from Manchester to Wigan, at The Lane Ends in Hindley, by Bamferlong, into the Turnpike Road from Wigan to Ashton, in the Township of in -

field, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Martin Brozvne Folkes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving the Open Fields, Commons; Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Ludham, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Property to the Amount of J. 12. 17 . 6d. Yearly; and that the whole Amount of the Property interested in the Inclosure is of the Yearly Value of £.752. 17/. 6 and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr, Shaw Lefevre presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Oakham Canal to raise Money for completing the said Canal, and also for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,. for making the said Canal: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Thomas Ch rles Bunbury presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the fevered Parishes of RiJby, Fornham All Saints, and in

the County1 of Suffolk: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

1

Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal to raise Money for completing the said Canal, and to vary the Line of the said Canal, and to alter, explain, and amend, the Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, was committed j and to whom the Petition of Daniel Leech, of Islington, in the County of Gentleman;

and also, the Petition of John Lcbley, lace of Cotting/ey, and now of the City of York, Gentleman; and also, the Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Mills Tituate on the River Colder, in the County of were fe-

verafty

Wndlqr and

Albion Road Bill, committed.

Ludham Inclostire and Drainage Bill reported.

Oakham Ci. nal Bill pie.

fenced.

Riibjr, Fora, ham, &c. In.

dofure Bill presented.

Rochdale Ca-nal BilC reported.

Bainack with Piligate Inclo-iure Bill, prc-

fcuted.

Over and Nether Dean In-dolure Bill, passed *

l«vwton ReC-vmj Bill, read.

Member added to bring in By ha 11 Inclosure Bill *

Bill presented.

Wandsworth and Battei lea Roads Petition, reported.

40 Geo. III.

verally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the first mentioned Petition, and had considered the Two last mentioned Petitions, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and thkt the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, together with a List of the Names of the Per-i'ons who have assented, difiented, or declared themselves neuter, in respect to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said Lift, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Dickins presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of nack with Pi/fgate, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the Fitft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Pari 111 of Over and Nether Dean, in the County of Bedford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Over and Nether Dean, in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickins do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for uniting the North Mediety of the Rectory of Lever-ton, in the County of Lincoln, with the South Mediety of the same Rectory, from and after the next Avoidance of either Benefice, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickins be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are there-under subscribed, in Behalf of themselves, and the other Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the Common Fields of Ryhall with Belmeflhorpe, otherwise Belminfhorpe, in the County of Rutland.

Mr. Dickins presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Ryhall with Belmeflhorpe, otherwise in the County of Rutland: And the same was received - and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Frederick reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants, of the Parishes of Battersea, and

Wimbledon, in the County of , was referred j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with, so far as the same require Notices to be inserted in the Newspapers, and affixed on the Sessions House Door , but it appeared to the Committee, that the Trustees of One of the adjoining Roads had some Time ago determined to take the Roads mentioned in the Petition under their Care, and which they have declined on Account of their very bad Condition, besides being unwilling to apply to Parlia-

Vol. 55.

ment for that Purpose only, and which was not known to the Petitioners until the Time limited for giving such Notices had expired; that- the Roads intended to be repaired comprize most of the pres'ent Public Highways in the said Parishes, which are in a very ruinous Condition, and One of them has been lately indicted, and there is great Reason to apprehend that more of them will be indicted, unless Power is given to repair them in the present Session of Parliament; that the Composition Money raised on the said Parishes is not sufficient so defray One-third Part of the Expence of maintaining the Roads; and that it is not intended that Power should be given to open and make any new Roads, except in One Place, to the Extent of Two-thirds of a Furlong j and that, the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; arid is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. George Wildoooofe, being examined, said. That the several

Roads leading from Wandsworth to Slreatham, Tooting, and Wimbledon, in the County of , and from

Wandsworth to Battersea, and over a certain Field in the said Parish of Battersea, leading to a Place called Nine Elms, are in a very ruinous Condition, and cannot be amended, and kept in Repair, by the Laws now ini being.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Thursday Sevennight, the 17th Day of this Instant April,

Mr. William Dundas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting a Bounty on the Importation of Oats, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Sevennight, the 17th Day of this Instant Aprili

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iflfae his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament; for the Borough of Westbury, in the County of Wilts, in

the room of George William Richard Harcourt, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff' of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Batten ham, in the County of Buckingham.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Journeymen Cotton Weavers, in the several Counties of Chester, York, Lancaster, and Derby , and also,

the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and other Mailer Manufacturers or Cotton Weavers, in the several Counties of Chester, York, and Lancaster, which were fe-

verally presented to the House upon the 5th Day of March last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matters thereof -, and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Stanley, Mr, Blackburne of Lancashire, &c.: And they are so meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the Cud Committee.

5 D Mr,

House resolves to adjourn to 17th April.

Oats Bounty Bill, presente

Westbury

Writ.

Petitions of Journeymen and Master Cotton Weavers referred to a Committee.

Militia Pay Bill, pttlented.

Militia Officers

Allowances Billy presented.

Exchequer Bills Bill, on Credit of Sup-.piies, committed.

Neutral Ships Billy presented.

Accounts of Arrears from Keceivers of Land and Af-lefi'ed Taxes, presented.

Accounts of Arrears from Dillributors of Stamps, and Balances in their Hands, preicnUd.

4° Aprilis.

A. 1800.

Mr. Bragge presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain. called England, for One Year: And the same was re-

ceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Sevennight, the 17th Day of this Instant

April.

Mr. Bragge presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for granting certain Allowances to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants of Militia, disembodied, under an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to accept " the Services of an additional Number of Volunteers from the Militia, under certain RestrictionsAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Sevennight, the 17th Day of this Instant

April.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, to an Amount to be limited, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Sevennight, the 17th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Brugge presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to permit the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Countries in America, belonging to any Foreign European Sovereign or State, in Neutral Ships, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Sevennight, the 17th Day of this Instant April.

The House being informed that Mr. Winter (from the Office for Affairs of Taxes) attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears due, on the 5th of January 1800, from the Receivers General of the Land and Ad'eHed Taxes in Great Britain, from the 5 th of January 1774, so far as the same can be made up; — distinguishing the Names of such Receiver , and for what Places they are or were Receivers, the Sums originally due, and when; — and the Amount and Dates of the Payments which have been made inDischarge thereof.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Stedman (frorh the Stamp Office) attended at the Door, lie was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

- An Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears due, on the 5th of January 1800, from the Distribucors of

Stamps in 'Great Britain, from the 5th of January 1774,

so far as the same can be made up; — distinguishing the Names of such Dillributors, and for what Counties they are or were employed, the Sums originally due from them, and when; — and the Amount and Dates of the Payments which have been made in Discharge thereof: And also,

An Account of the Net Balances in the Hands of the Dillributors of Stamps in Great Britain, on. the 10th of October 1799, and on the 5th of January 1800, respectively; distinguishing the Names of the Dillributors, and for what Counties, and the Amount of their respective Dilbdrfements, for Incidents,. Poundage, and Parliamentary Allowances or Discounts.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Ta. ble, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Cobbe (from the Commissioners for Auditing the Public Accounts) attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Balances due to the Public upon the Ordinary and Extraordinary Accounts depending in the Offices of the late Auditors of the Imprell, and transferred to the Commissioners for Auditing the Public Accounts, wherein no Progress has been made since the same were so transferred, specifying the Nature of the lad Proceeding had thereon, previous to such Transfer. And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account wras read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Account ot Balances on Accounts in the Offices of the late Au-. ditors of Im-prest, prcicnW ed.

The House being informed that Mr. (from Lift of Public

the Office of the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the ^ec"ul^nU Army) attended at the Door, he was called in j and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Lift of the Public Accountants whose Accounts have been delivered into the Office of the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, since the 5th January 1793;

— specifying their Names and Services, and the Pro-greis made upon their respective Accounts, together with the Time when they were respectively delivered in, and reported upon to the Treasury; specifying also, the Total Amount of the Charge and Discharge contained in their respective Accounts, as delivered in, and the Balances severally reported to be due, and die Amount and Date of the Payments which have been made in Discharge thereof; so far as the same can be ascertained by the said Comptrollers, or by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Fearnjide (from Account of the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue for Eng- Rivers G ? land) attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the neral of Land Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, Pre *

An Account of the Total Amount of the Balances due, on the 5th of January 1800, from the Receivers General of the Land Revenues of the Crown, for England-, first distinguishing the Balances due on their lall declared Accounts, to the 10th of October 1797, the Amount of their subsequent Receipts, and the Amount and Dates of the Payments which have been since made in Discharge thereof.

And then he withdrew.

And

40 Geo. III.

4° Jprilis.

37 9

dered.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said several Accounts and Lift be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the Houte.

Accounts so Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Acte printed. counts of Arrears and Balances, which were presented to the House by Mr. Porter and Mr. from the Cuf-

toms, on the ioth and 25th Days of February last, by Mr. IVebb and Mr. Nicolay, from the Excite, on the 7th , and 13th Days of March last; and by Mr. , from the Commissioners for Auditing {he Public Accounts, upon the ill Day of this Instant April, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Hilt to amend The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Duties on Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to repeal the income, or- " Duties imposed by an AT, made in the last Session of " Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for " the Prosecution of the War; and to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting " certain Duties upon Income in lieu of the said Duties," might be read;

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That another AT, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, " An AT " for extending the Time for returning Statements ‘‘ under an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties imposed " by an AT, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War; and to make more effectual Provi- fion for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties; and to amend the said Act," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That another AT, made . in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to enable the Commercial Commissioners, appointed to " carry into Execution certain ATs for granting Duties " upon Income, to extend the Time limited by the said Acts for receiving Returns of Income; and for explaining and amending the said Acts," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That another AT, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " amend an AT, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties imposed " by an AT, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War; and to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties " upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties, so far as relates to the Affi Aments made upon Trustees, Agents, Receivers, and Guardians," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Oi dered. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said Acts; And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr.

Iie'nJf Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Pybus, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. , Mr. Long, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Billtosmerd House, according to Order, a Bill to explain, an, end, and render more effectual, several Acts, passed in the last 1; come, j ic-Session of Parliament, relating to the Duties on Income: leiUeJ>

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Fortnight, the 18th Day of this Instant April.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Committees to fit.

Cfjmmlttee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Co" ^Mmes Committee of the whole House, to take into Considera-&c.PPC meS tion the State of the Copper Mines and the Copper Trade in this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Mordauui took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker refunded the Chair.

Vol. 55.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That Sir William Heathcote be added to the ScleT Committee, to whom the Bill for better regulating the Price and Assize of Bread, is re-committed.

The House was moved. That an AT, made in the Vi?nnt Bill, Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King orikrt<1 George the Second, intituled, "An Act to amend, and " make more effectual, the Laws relating to Rogues,

" Vagabonds, and other idle and tliforderiy Persons, and " to Houses of Correction," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That I cave be given to bring in a Bill to extend the Provisions of the said Act: And that Mr. '

Jodrell, Mr. Buxton, and Sir Martin Browne Foikcs, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways and resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, t6 ^ms>aeer consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fort-nignt, the 18th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, defer-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, red to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 18th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Bill for repealing so much of an AT, made in the Bill respeaing; last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for per- 011

" mitting certain Goods imported from the East Indies commuted.

* to be warehoused, and for repealing the Duties now " payable thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu " thereof," as relates to Salt Petre, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 18th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole H rife, to Duties^o^u? consider of so much of an AT, made in the last Session gar and Cotfee> of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His deferred.

" Majesty certain additional Duties on Sugar imported " and exported, and on Coffee exported; and for reducing the Drawbacks now allowed on the Exportation " of Sugar;" as imposes Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Seven-night, the 17th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Innkeeper resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Bill> Je‘cneJ *

the

Bay appointed

for confulering the Report on Huddersfield Canal BUI.

Bay appointed for considering the Report on Deafne and Bove Can^l Bril.

Vagrant Bill, presented.

Carleton and Camblesforth Inclol'ure Bill, presented.

Berwick Pacing Petition, reported.

380 40 — 17

the Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Seven-night, the 17th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Huddersfield Canal Company to finiftt and complete the Huddersfield Canal, and for amending the Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Huddersfield Canal, was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Fortnight, the 23d Day of this

Instant April.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the and

Dove Canal Company to finifti and complete the said Canal, and the several Collateral Cuts branching therefrom; and for explaining, amending, and enlarging, the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and for increasing the Tolls thereby granted, was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Fortnight, the 23d Day of this Instant April.

Mr. Jodrell prefertted to the House, according to Or-

der, a Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to amend and make more " effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and " other idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houses of " CorrectionAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Fortnight, the 2ift Day of this Instant April.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Sevennight, the 17th Day of this Instant April, Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Jovis> 170 die Apr Hi ', .

Anno 40 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1800. Prayers.

MR. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Ings, Marshes, Common, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Carlton, in the Parish of Snait/i, and the Manor and Township of Camblesforth, in the Parish of Drax, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Callander reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Berwick upon Tweed, and of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Inhabitants of the said Borough, and of the Street of Cafilegate, within the Liberties thereof, was referred j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them.

Aprilis. . 1800.

to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Foreman, being examined, said, That the said Borough of Berwick upon Tweed is very large, and has of late Years very much increased in Population, and in its Number of Buildings, and that the Streets of the said Borough, and the Quays or Wharfs belonging thereto, and that Part of the Bridge over the River Tweed which is within the Liberties of the said Borough, are at present very ill lighted, and the Footpaths of the said Streets are in bad Repair, and ill paved, and are subject: to many Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances; and that it would be of great Benefit, Safety, and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and to all Persons resorting thereto, if the said Streets, Quays, or Wharfs and Bridge aforesaid, were well lighted, and the Footpaths were flagged or paved; and if all Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, in the said Borough, and on the Quays and Bridge, were prevented for the future.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for lighting the Streets and Lanes of the Borough of Berwick upon Tweed, and the Quays and Wharfs belonging to the said Borough, and that Part of the Bridge over the River Tzveed which lies within the Liberties of the said Borough, and also of the Street of Cafilegate, within the said Borough, or the Liberties thereof, and for paving the Footpaths of the principal Streets of the said Borough, and of Cafilegateaforesaid, and for preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein: And that Sir John Callander, Mr. Grey, and Mr. Beaumont, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Borough of Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers and Victuallers of the Town of Prefcot, in the County of Lancaster: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Town of And

also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers and Publicans of the Town of Guildford, in the County of Surrey: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers,-Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Town and Liberty of Folkefione, in the County of Kent: And also,

A Petition of the Innholders, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the City of Gloucester: And also,

A Petition of the Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford: And also,

A Petition of the Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publican?, of the Borough of The in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Town of Perjhore, in the County of Worcester: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Borough of Tewkesbury: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Town of Romsey, and the Neighbourhood thereof: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Town of Alnwick, thumberland: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Town of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Town of Kirkby,

in the County of Westmorland:And also,

A Petition

Petition of Innkeeper , &c. respecting the Quartering of Soldiers.

Croflon, Src. Drainage Bill, committed *

Rilby, Forn-ham, &c. In-dofure Bill, committed.

Brooke Inclo-iure Bill, pre-IciUed.

Leiceft^rjrnd Melton Mowbray Navigation Bill, committed.

40 Geo. III. X'f Aprilis. 381

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Town of in the County of EfJ'ex, and Neighbourhood thereof: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Town of in the County of Dorset: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Borough of:

And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Parish of Mitcham, in the County of Surrey: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers and Publicans of the Town of Nether Knutsford, in the County of Chester:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have for l'ome Time past been considerable Sufferers, from the great Number of Horse and Foot Soldiers quartered upon them, which particularly of-presses them, and no other Description of People; and that, unless some Alteiation or additional Allowances be made for die Provision of Soldiers at this alarming Crilis, when every Article of Housekeeping, as well as Hay and Straw, are so extremely dear, the utter Ruin of many of the Petitioners will most certainly be the Consequence, the Loss already sustained, and likely to be sustained by them, being so very heavy, several Innkeepers having already given up their Licences to avoid the impending Ruin, and appropriated their Houses to Other Purposes: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and grant them l'uch Relief as shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Bill for draining, improving, and preserving, the Low Lands and Grounds, within the Townships of Crof-tott, Mawdejley, Ruff or d, Bfpha Tar let on, and

ton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanley, Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of Rijby, Fornkam All Saints, and in the County of Suffolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Buxton, Sir Thomas Charles Buubury, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Buxton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Fen Grounds, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Brooke, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Leicester Navigation to Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to complete their Navigation, and to discharge the Debts contracted by them in the making thereof, and for amending the Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His pre-lent Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Navigation, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp, Mr. Keck, 8cc.: And they are to meet

Vol. 55.

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Michael Le Fleming reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed for widening and repairing the High Road leading from Heron Syke, which divides the Counties of Lancaster and Westmorland, to the Town of Kirk by in Kendal, and from the said Town of Kirkby in Kendal, through the Town of Shap, to Emont Bridge, in the said County of Westmorland, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,-were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

t

Mr. Vyne % presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Spalding High Bridge through Littleworth, and by Frognall, and over James Deeping Stone Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Maxey Outgang, in' the County of Northampton, adjoining to the High Road-there: And the same was received; and read the First Time:

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill,‘pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Owners and Proprietors of Lands or Grounds in the Manors of Enfham, Newland, and Tilgarfley, and in the Parish of Enfham aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. *

Mr. Vyner presented to the House, according to Orr der, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, and a Tract of Heath Land, within the Parish of du

the County of Oxford:And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Shaw Lefevre be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for opening, making, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Ratcliff Highway, through Cannon Street, in the County of into the Road

leading into the County of EfJ'ex, and also from the West End of Brook Street into Cable Street, and from Upper Shadwell Street into the Back Lane', in the said County of Middlesex.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for opening, making, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Ratcliff Highway,

5 E through

Heron Syktf and Emont Bridge Road Bill, reported *

Spalding Roads Bill, presented *

Member aided to bring in Enfham In-dofure Bill.

Bill presented.

Member added to bring in Ratcliff Highway Road Bill.

Bill presented.

if Aprilis. 1800.

through Cannon Street, in the County of into

the Road leading into the County of Essex, and also from the West End of Brook Street into Cable Street, and from Upper Shadivell Street into the Back Lane, in the said County of Middlesex: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Oakham Canal A Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the b^ii, commit. Oakham Canal to raise Money for completing the said Cana), and also for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shaw Lefevre, Mr. Noel, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Report from Sir John Sinclair reported from the Sclex Committee, rWtt«OTm appointed to consider of the most effectual Means of WasteLand . facilitating, under the Authority of Parliament, the Inclosure and improvement of the Waste, Uninclosed, and Unproductive Lands, Commons, Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, and Common of Pasture, in this Kingdom, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; and who were empowered to report from Time to Time; That the Committee had considered the Matter to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it. in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee, in considering the Subject referred to them, have principally had in View the Impediments to Inclosures under the Authority of Parliament, arising from the Expences incurred in such Procedure; and have consequently endeavoured to trace the Nature and Amount or those Expences, as far as the various and complicated Circumstances attending them would admit, through the several Stages of the TransaXion; the Result of which they shall, in the First Place, proceed to lay before the House.

Your Committee find that a Meeting is frequently convened, by Public Advertisement, for the Purpose of tonlidering the Propriety of applying to Parliament for an intended Inclosure; at which it sometimes happens, that Persons not interested in the Business attend; and that the Expences of such Meetings, usually held at some Inn, as well as that of the Advertisements, are ofitn charged in the Solicitor's Bill.

A Petition to Parliament is then prepared; the Expence attending which rarely exceeds the Sum of Two - Guineas.

Notices of the intended Application are then, in pursuance of the Standing Orders of this House, to be affixed to the Church Door of each Parish in which the Lands to be inclosed are situated, for Three Sundays in the Months of Av.gujl or September; the Expence of which naturally varies, according to the Number cf Parishes, and the Distance of the Churches from the Residence of the Solicitor or Agent concerned; it being ufiaal for only One Person, if possible, to be employed for this Purpose, in consequence of the Necessity of his attending afterwards in Town, to prove the FaX before the Committee on the Petition. The Charge in general appears to be from One to Three Guineas for each Parish.

The Draft of the Bill itself is either copied by the Solicitor in the Country from some former AX, as far as Circumstances will admit, or prepared originally by the Parliamentary Solicitor; in both which Cafes, it is obvious, that a Number of similar Clauses, either required by the Orders of the House, or authorized by general J?raXice, are constantly inserted. The Proportion of -f-

these general Clauses to the Provisions of a local and peculiar Nature, cannot be precisely ascertained; but Your Committee have Reason to suppose that they may, in feme Instances, amount to Two-thirds, and, in others, not to more than Two-fifths of the Whole: The Expence of preparing and copying this Draft, being charged by the Sheet, must depend upon the Length of it, which must in all Cases be increased by these general Clauses.

The PraXice of the Legiflapire, requiring Proof of the Content of a certain Number of the Parties interested, by their actually signing the Bill, it is necessary to employ a proper Person, and sometimes more than One, to procure this, and afterwards to attend in London to prove it before the Committees of both Houses. As it is occasionally necessary to travel to a considerable Distance, and into different Parts of the Kingdom, for this Purpose, the Expence attending it, is in such Cases considerable, and in One Instance it appears to have amounted to between Seventy and Eighty Pounds, to procure the Consent of One Individual. It is also stated to Your Committee, That the great Number of Consents supposed to be necessary, according to the present Practice of Parliament, whether Three-fourths, according to the Ideas of some, or Four-fifths according to those of others (for there is no fixed Rule) is a great Bar to Inclosure. Your Committee are thence led to submit it to the Wisdom of the House, whether it may not be expedient in future, to allow the Proof of a less Number of Consents, provided they amount to a decided Preponderance, to be sufficient for obtaining a Bill.

The Bill having beeh brought in, read a First and Second Time, and committed, it is necessary to bring Witnesses to Town, to prove that the Orders of the House have been complied with in the foregoing Particulars, and to verify the Allegations in the Preamble. All this is attended with different Degrees of Expence, according to the Number of Persons employed, the Distance of their Residence from the Metropolis, and the accidental Delays which may retard the Progress of the Bill to the House of Peers; when the same Persons must again attend to be sworn at the Bar of the House, and afterwards examined before the Committee. In Cafes where the Bill meets with Opposition, this must necessarily be considerable; and in all it is sufficient to deserve Attention.

The subsequent Progress of the Bill through Parliament, is subject to the Payment of the several Fees, particularly specified in the Table annexed to this Report; (Appendix, N 9.) The Amount of these, it is evident, must vary according to the Size of the Bill, the Number of Interests affeXed by it, and the Opposition it may happen to meet with. The Length of the Bill chiefly operates as an Increase to the Expence in this Stage of the Proceeding, by the additional Charge of Ingrafting, and Printing. The only other incidental Expence, not yet noticed in this Part of the TransaXion, is that of a Town or Parliamentary Solicitor; usually some Person whose Experience in such Business, and Acquaintance with the Forms of Parliament, render his Assistance particularly desirable; and that of a Country Solicitor, whose local Knowledge, and immediate Connexion with the Parties interested, in many Cafes, make his Attendance also material. The Charge of the former, for his whole Services, is usually Twenty Guineas; but in controverted or any complicated Cafes, considerably more; that of the latter is subject to necessary Variations, according to the Length of Attendance and other Circumstances, but must in most Cafes be considerable.

When the Bill has received the SanXion of the Le-giflature, the usual Mode of carrying it into Essex through the Intervention of Commissioners, gives Rife to Charges and Expences of a different Nature. The Ne^ ceffity of peculiar Qualifications, as well as a Reputa- *

tion

40 Geo. Ill 170 Ap. 383

tion for Experience arid Integrity, in Persons employed ing to the Direction of the Commissioners. The for-for this Purpose, has usually confined the Choice of mer being kept, for a certain Time, under their parti-them within no very enlarged Limits; and the Expe- cular Controul, are often in consequence the Occasion diency of Dispatch, without the additional Expence of of delaying the Execution of the Award to a much later multiplied Litigation, has suggested the Necessity of Period than would otherwise be necessary. The Ex-investing them with a summary, and in most Cafes un- pences of the latter, particularly the Public Fencing, controulable Jurisdiction; unless where any flagrant In- have in some Instances been very considerable. fiance of Misbehaviour, of which no Instance has been The last Procedure of the Commissioners, is the mak-flated to Your Committee, might subject them to the ing and inrolling their Award} which is required by Animadversion of a Criminal Court. This Latitude of the several Acts to be written on Parchment, and of Confidence, however necessary for some of their Func- which. One Copy is sometimes required to be deposited tions, may in some Cafes lead to Abuse, particularly in in the Parish Church. This being subject to consider-the Charges which may be occasioned by Neglect in not able Stamp Duties, and often of great Length, is con-proceeding regularly, and with as little Interruption as sequently attended with a proportionate Expence. Your possible, in the Dispatch of the Business entrusted to Committee find, however, that it has been the Practice them. of late Years, to reduce the Size of the Award as much

Your Committee find that it is usual to appoint as possible, by omitting the Recital of the principal Three Commissioners, the Attendance of Two of whom Clauses of the Act, and the Proceedings of the Com-is requisite to give Eflfeft to their Acts; and that the missioners, formerly inserted, and by referring to Sche-Sum allowed to each for his Trouble and Expences, is dules annexed. Yet even under these Restrictions, it generally about Two Guineas for each Day of necessary has been stated to Your Committee, that they have Attendance, exclusive of Charges for his Journey, in sometimes extended to the Length of Sixty-seven Skins some Cafes, not only from their Residence to the Place of Parchment.

of Meeting, but from considerable Distances, to which The last possible Proceeding provided by the Act, is their other Avocations may have carried them. the Appeal given to the Quarter Sessions, against such

It appears to have been the Practice, of late Years, Acts of the Commissioners as are not thereby declared for the Commissioners to appoint a Clerk to draw up the to be final and conclusive, and particularly against the Minutes of their Proceedings, which he may thus be Rates they are empowered to make for the Payment of prepared to authenticate in case of Litigation, to which the Expences. The Delay and Expences attending this the Commissioners themselves are a Party, and to assist Part of the Proceeding, must of course be casual and them with his Advice in legal Questions. The Country uncertain.

Solicitor employed to prepare the Bill, is generally ap- Your Committee having thus laid before the House

pointed the Clerk, which seems now to be recognized the several Charges incidental to the present Mode of by the late Standing Orders of the House, requiring procuring, and carrying into Effect, Bills of Inclosure, Books of Account, in all Cases, to be left at his Of- proceed, in the next Place, to state such Observations fice. It appears to Your Committee, that the Clerk as have occurred to them in the Course of the Enquiry; receives, in general. Emoluments equal to the Com- and to suggest such Alterations as may, in their Opi-missioners, besides his legal Perquisites for Business done nion, by diminishing those Charges, tend to facilitate as a Solicitor, for which his Charges are separately made, the Inclosure and Improvement of the Wastes, Com-The Expences incurred, both on his Account and that mons. Common Fields, and other Unproductive Lands of the Commissioners, for Attendance at the regular of the Kingdom.

Meetings, necessarily depend on the Number of such The First Head of Expences, which appears to them Meetings; but it has been stated tb Your Committee, capable of Retrenchment, is that which arises from the that these are sometimes rendered more frequent than is Practice of proving, by parole Evidence, the requisite necessary, by the Practice of the same Commissioners Notices, the Contents to the Bill, and Allegations of transacting the Business of Two inclosures on the same the Preamble. If the Wisdom of Parliament should Day, which must necessarily interfere with the Dispatch fee fit, for the Sake of facilitating the Means of gene-of One or both of them} that Meetings are sometimes ral Improvement, to depart in this Respect from their held, at which little or nothing is done; and that accustomed Usages, Your Committee conceive that it Charges are sometimes made for the Attendance of all might be provided by an Act, to be passed for that Pur-the Commissioners, where One or more may notactual- pole, that Affidavits of the Truth of these Facts might ly have been present, though they may afterwards have be taken, under the Penalties of Perjury, before One signed the Minutes of the Proceedings. or more neighbouring Justices of the Peace: which be-

Acts of Inclosure commonly require a Survey to be ing properly authenticated by them, might be admitted, made, either by the Commissioners, or by some Person as sufficient prima facie Evidence, before both Houses, employed by them, and a Map to be prepared from it; without precluding either, if Circumstances should ap-both which is generally done by a Surveyor, specially appear to require it, from adopting the present Mode of pointed for the Purpose; who also frequently makes all Investigation by viva voce Testimony. Your Commit-the Calculations for the Commissioners, and stakes out tee apprehend, that Forms of such Affidavits, adapted the several Allotments; for all which the Charge made to the several Objects which they may be designed to is One Shilling and Six Pence per Acre, besides a Gui- prove, might be annexed to the Act, so as to enable, nea and a Half per Day for attending the Commissioners, not only the Agents to substantiate the Fasts within and an Allowance for making a reduced Plan. It also their Knowledge, but distant Proprietors, at the same appears to Your Committee, that the Clause in the Act Time that they signify their Assent, to authenticate their above mentioned, is usually construed so literally, that having done so.

a fresh Survey and Map are often ordered, though there The Form of the Bill itself necessarily comprizing, as

may have been One of each in Existence, fully or nearly before stated, many Provisions of a general Nature, has adequate to the Purpose; and that in some Counties a nextattrafted the Attention of Your Committee; and Practice has prevailed of employing Two Surveyors; they are of Opinion, thac it would tend much to reduce One to take a Geiteral, the other a Particular Survey, the Expence, both of drawing and copying the Bill, and In some Instances another Description of Persons is ap- of printing and ingrossing it, if all such Clauses as pointed by the Act, called Quality Men, whose Bufi- should appear from the general Practice to be necessary nefsit is to value the Land. and usual in all Bills of Inclosure, were to be incorpo-

Other Expences incidental to an Inclosure are, the rated into One General Act; and be thereby declared to setting out, forming, and putting in Repair, the necef- be applicable (mutatis mutandis) to all future inclosures, laryv Roads, and fencing the several Allotments, accord- to be made under the Authority of Parliament, as to all. Von. 55. such

A. 1800.

384 17 jdprilis.

such Matters as should not be otherwise specially provided for by the particular Bill.

The next general Object that has Occurred to Your Committee is the Charges of the Solicitor, whether ailing as such, in the necessary Conduit of the Bill through Parliament, or, after it has passed, in the additional Capacity of Clerk to the Commissioners. Should the Alterations before suggested, as to the Mode of Proof before the Two Houses, be adopted, Your Committee are led to hope that these Charges would necef-(arily be considerably reduced; and that in many Cafes, where the Measure met with no Opposition, the Attendance of the Solicitor, or any other Person from the Country, might be dispensed with. But while the drifting Charges, whatever they may be, are undefined in their Nature, and subjeil to no Controul but through the Medium of an expensive Litigation, Abuses will in many Instances exiflr. Your Committee fee no Remedy for these, unless it should be found practicable to ascertain the Nature of such Charges with some Degree of Precision, and then to subject them to Taxation, in the same Manner as Coils in the Courts below, either by lbme Officer of those Courts, or by Officers of the Two Houses of Parliament, or others specially appointed for that Purpose. The particular Duty and Charges of the Clerk to the Commissioners might, as appears to Your Committee, be prescribed by the general or particular Act, and, like that of the Commissioners and Surveyor, controuled by the Sand ion of an Oath of Office.

With respect to the Commissioners themselves, upon whose Ability and Integrity so much depend, it might not, perhaps, be expedient to subject them to similar Controul, left Men of Respectability should be deterred from engaging in so laborious and useful an Employment } but the Abuses above noticed might perhaps be remedied, by defining in some Degree the Number of Hours which ought actually and bondfide to be devoted to each Meeting, and requiring that it - should not be occupied by Attention to any other Business; and also, by regulating, according to the Place of Residence of each Commissioner, the Charges to be allowed for travelling Expences. With a View to ascertain how far the former of these Regulations had been complied with, it might be desirable that the Clerk should be required to keep a Register of all the Days and Times employed in the Business of the Inclosure; which, as well as the Books of Account, should be open to the Inspection of all Persons concerned.

On a full Consideration of the Subject of Parliamentary Fees, properly so called, which has occupied much of the Attention of Your Committee, they fee no Ground to recommend to the House any general Regulations on that Head. As a suitable Recompence for the Time, Attention, and Abilities of the several Persons to whom they are payable, they find no Reason to object to their usual Amount j and from a Companion of it to that of the other Expences necessarily incidental to this Procedure, they are not inclined to think it can in general operate as a Discouragement to this Mode of Improvement. In particular Instances, however, which are not unfrequent, of small Wastes and Commons, it is obvious that the whole Expence of conducting an Inclosure, under the Authority of Parliament, must always bear so large a Proportion to the Value of the Land to be divided, as to preclude the Possibility of Improvement in that Mode. It seems to Your Committee worthy the Consideration of the House, how far it might be advisable, in certain Cafes of such a Description, to be ascertained either by the Number of Acres, or Value of the Land, (in addition to the general Regulations above suggested) to remove such Part of the Impediment as is more immediately under its Controul, by providing that such Bills should only be considered, in the Payment of Fees, as Single Bills,

and be entitled to any other Indulgence which Parliament in its Wisdom should fee fit. Your Committee ground this Recommendation, on the Supposition that such Portions of Land could by no Possibility be brought into Cultivation in the ordinary Mode, and that therefore the Reduction proposed, is not so much to be considered' as a Diminution of probable and accustomed Perquisites to the Officers of the Two Houses, as the Means of making that productive of Emolument to a certain Amount, which would otherwise never be at all available to that Effect.

On the Whole, Your Committee have thought they should best fulfil the Intentions of the House, in referring to them to consider of the most effectual Means of facilitating, under the Authority of Parliament, the Inclosure and Improvement of the Waste and other Unproductive Lands of the Kingdom, by confining the Regulations they might fugged, to such Points as appeared to them simple and of easy Attainment; by which the Expence attending Inclosure, under the present System, would be considerably diminished, and the Plan would in other Respects be improved. And if the Suggestions they have ventured to recommend, should have the good Fortune of meeting with the Approbation of Parliament, they'flatter themselves, that such Expences, instead of being great and undefined, would be so moderate, and in general so capable of being estimated, that, in so far as regards large Inclosures, the principal Objections to the present System would be done away, and a great Encouragement would be given to Improvement.

For the further Information of the House, upon the several Matters before suggested. Your Committee have thought proper to annex to their Report, by way of Appendix, the Evidence taken by them, in so far as respects the particular Points above alluded to.

APPENDIX. (No. 1.)

"Thomas Harrison, Esq; of Wolverton, near Stoney Stratford, in the County of Bucks;

Examined.

Have you been concerned in many Bills of Inclosure?

In several. I think as many as Twenty; probably more.

As Solicitor, Commissioner, or both?

Sometimes as Solicitor; as Commissioner frequently, and often as Agent for the Parties interested.

What is the first Step, when an Inclosure is proposed in any District?

Generally to convene a Meeting of the Proprietors, either individually, or by Advertisement in some Provincial Newspaper in the Neighbourhood.

When a Public Meeting is held, at whose Expence is such Meeting?

The Meeting is held at an Inn, and each Person generally pays his own Expence. The Solicitor is paid for his Attendance and Expence in the general Account. It sometimes happens that the whole Expence of such Meeting is charged to the general Account also: which ought to be checked as much as possible, as. many Persons attend those Meetings, and even bring their Friends there, when they know they are to be at no Expence. It would be a good Plan, when any Public Meeting is called, toinfert in the Notice, that each Person was to pay his own Expence.

What is the next Step?

To prepare a Petition for Leave to bring in a Bill, and to get it signed by some of the Proprietors. The Expence of preparing and presenting the Petition is not more than Two Guineas.

Have

40 Geo. III. in° dprilis. . 385

Have you seen many Meetings called?

Sometimes several are necessary; and it is better than employing Solicitors to go about to get Signatures.

What are the Expences attending the fixing of the Notices on the Church Doors?

The Expence is insignificint in common Inclosures; about a Guinea: But in larger Inclosures, it must depend upon the Number of Parishes, and the Distance at which the Solicitor resides from each.

Is it not often attended with great Expence, proving Notices before both Houses?

Yes, when it requires Persons to come from a Distance: For Instance; in an Inclosure of Mapowdery last Session, it was necessary for me to bring a Witness from thence, to prove the Notices. This cost about Seven Guineas, though the greatest Economy was used, and the Person received nothing for his Trouble, being Bailiff of the Estate.

What is the next Step?

The next Step is preparing the Bill; which is generally done by a Country Attorney. The Charge of this is various; as, in Addition to the Charge per Folio, the Solicitor charges for his Trouble, and for making Enquiries regarding the Particulars of the Property proposed to be inclosed. Perhaps this Charge may be from Six to Seven Guineas.

Is it not your Opinion, that the Size of Inclosure Bills might be greatly diminished, and the Expence consequently reduced, were a General Law palfed, containing the usual Clauses in all Bills of Inclosure, to which all Private Acts might refer, for the Powers of the Commissioners, and the Forms of their Proceedings?

No doubt of it. I think to a considerable Extent. The Expence of drawing up, copying, printing, and ingrafting the Bill, would be thereby materially reduced.

If such a Law were passed, and the Bill accordingly shortened, would it not Amplify the Business so much, that it would be easier to procure Consents to such Bills?

The Expence being thereby diminished, would be an Inducement to the Parties interested to agree to the Inclosure, as will any other Mode by which the Charges can be reduced.

Is it not necessary to procure the written C°nfeqt of the Parties interested?

The usual Mode is, that every Proprietor should bd applied to for his Consent, and that the Answer received should be proved before both Houses of Parliament; and the Expence of procuring Individual (Consents is often very great.

Would it not materially diminish the Expence of

Proving Consents before the Two Houses, if, instead of 'arole Evidence, Affidavits before One or more Magistrates, that the Bill was subscribed by the Party, was considered as sufficient, in particular where the Party is redding at a great Distance from the Property to be in-cioled?

In such Cases it might save a very considerable Expence.

What is generally supposed to be the Proportion of Consents required?

I have always thought Three-fourths might {land a good Chance of succeeding, even in Cafes of Oppo-fition.

Would it not promote Inclosures, if Two-thirds In Value were sufficient to procure an Act of Inclosure?

I think it would.

Would not such a Rule diminish the Risk of any Opposition to the Act?

Vol. 55.

It certainly would tend to promote Inclosure.

Is there any Mode by which, in your Opinion, the Charges of the Solicitor could be diminished?

The only Mode which occurs to me, is to oblige the Commissionei s to do without a Cleric, which is often attended with a great Expence — Two Guineas a Day.

Who is generally appointed Clerk?

The Solicitor.

Does he derive any Advantage besides his Daily Allowance?

Yes, for all his special Business; such as, for giving Notices, writing Letters, &c.

Can you inform the Committee of any particular In-' stance where the Expence of the Solicitor is considerable?

I can hardly state any Instance where the Expence has not been considerable. In One same I remember an Attorney's Bill came to Seven Hundred Pounds, though the Act had no Opposition. This did not include the Expence of the Commissioners; it included the Expences of both Houses, and the Charges of a legal Nature.

What occurs to you regarding the bell Mode of diminishing the Expence of the Commissioners?

The Expence of the Commissioners is very great. In One Instance which lately came within my Knowledget the Bill of the Commissioners came to Four Guineas per Day, besides their Expences. The Act directed only Two Guineas; but they dated they worked double Days, and therefore were entitled to double Fees,

Would it not be a useful Regulation, that the same Commissioners should not aft but in One Inclosure on the same Day?

It certainly would; and would accelerate the Business of Inclosure, if Commissioners were prohibited being concerned in more than Three Inclosures, at the utmost, at the same Time. The Delays and Neglects of the Commissioners in completing the Business entrusted to them, is more injurious to the Parties interested, than the Sum allowed them; and indeed bears no Proportion.

- Are there no Means of checking the Expence of the Commissioners-? «,

I know of none; and when Appeals are made to the Magistrates, they find it difficult to give Redress; which might render some new Proviso in Inclosure Bills necessary.

Would it be of any Advantage to limit the Time at which the Award shall be completed?

- I think it would.

If in case the Award is not signed within a given Time, should not the Commissioners give a satisfactory Reason, to the next Quarter Sessions, for not having fodone, at the Requisition of any Three Proprietors?

Yes.

Might not the Expence of Surveys be diminished ? -

Yes; in many Instances where old Surveys are properly authenticated. In some Instances I have offered such Surveys, and they have been universally rc-jested.

Do you think the Expence of the Award could bp diminished?

I do not fee any particular Expence could be saved, In some Instances the Act is recited, which might be avoided, and several other tedious Recitals.

Are there any other Regulations that occur to yoxj for facilitating Inclosures by Act of Parliament, or improving the present System of Inclosure?

F

A. 1800.

386 . 170 Aprilis.

That the Commissioners should be obliged to expose their Proceedings before the Proprietors, 'that their Mode of Proceeding should be known to every Proprietor without Reserve, and without Fees or Expence; and that the Commissioners should employ other Men to value the Quality of the Land (not Commissioners) who act at. a smaller Expence, and from whole Judgment there should be an Appeal to the Commissioners.

Does not the Expence of Acts of Parliament, according to the present System, and the Proceedings consequent thereto, prevent small Inclosures?

It does in many Instances, particularly where the Land is of an inferior Quality.

Do you think that the Alterations proposed or fug-gefted in the Course of your Examination, would facilitate Inclosures under Act of Parliament?

I do think, considerably; for if the whole Regulations were adopted, it would give much Satisfaction to the Public, and would occasion a considerable Retrenchment in the Expences.

(No. 2.)

7 antes Graham, Esq; Lincoln's Inn;

Examined.

Have you acted as Solicitor in Bills of Inclosure?

Yes, in several, for a considerable Nurhber of Years; about Twenty-seven in all.

What is the First Step generally taken by Parties wish-ing an Inclosure?

Generally by calling a Public Meeting, to consider the Propriety and Terms of the Inclosure; and in many Cafes there is a Variety of such Meetings.

Have you not heard that the Expence of those Pub-, lie Meetings is sometimes charged to the Expence of the Inclosure?

I have heard so.

What is the general Expence of Notices previous to an Application; those Notices required by the Rules of the House?

About a Guinea and a Half for each Parish, where a Country Solicitor is employed, which afterwards‘mud be attended with a considerable Expence, by the Attendance of the Parties to p$pve such Notices.

Is it not attended with much Trouble and Expence, the making a personal Application to the Parties interested for their Consent?

Very great.

Is not the proving the Application to the Persons interested, by parole Evidence before the Two Houses, attended with much Trouble and Expence?

Certainly.

Would it not be a considerable Saving of Expence, if the Certificate of a Magistrate, as to the Party signing the Bill, was considered as sufficient Evidence before the Two Houses of Parliament?

Mod certainly; as it would save the Expence of Witnesses attending Parliament, to prove such Consent, or that they diffenred or were neuter; and it would be a dill greater Saving, if the Hand-writing of the Party to any Letter, approving or disapproving of the Bill, was admitted.

What is the usual Charge of drawing and copying Bills of Inclosure?

Two Shillings per Folio of Seventy-two Words, for drawing; and Eight-pence per Folio, copying.

How many Copies are generally made?

From Two to Six.

Would it not be a great Saving, in drawing up, copying, and subsequent Proceedings on Bills of Inclosure, if many general Clauses usually inserted in Inclosure Bills, were enacted by a General Law?

Yes; it would be a Saving of nearly One-half, and sometimes more.

Would it not be greatly in Favour of Inclosures, if io great a Quantum of Confcnts as is now usually obtained, and thought necessary, were not required?

Yes; I think if only Two-thirds in Value were required, it would increase the Number of Inclosures; and I know many in my own Practice, which would have taken place if such a Rule were adopted; and if proper Commissioners were appointed, it would be impossible for the Rights and interests of the Parties to be affected thereby.

Would it not be a great Saving, in passing Bills of Inclosure, if the Attendance of the Country Solicitor and Evidence were not necessary pending the Bill in Parliament?

Most certainly it might; and in Cafes where no Opposition were made, their Attendance would not be necessary.

Do you not think in general, that Explanations might be had, of the local Circumstances of the Districts proposed to be inclosed, by Correspondence, as well as by the personal Attendance of the Country Solicitor?

Certainly.

Is not the Expence of a Town Solicitor much less than that of a Country Solicitor?

Certainly; as they only charge for the actual Days which they attend on the Business in Parliament, and Country Solicitors are obliged to remain in Town during the Passing of the Act through both Houses, or the greatest Part of that Time; and I believe there have been many Instances where such Attendance has been from Six to Ten Weeks.

What is the usual Rate of Fees on a double Bill of Inclosure?

I believe from £. 170 to £. 200, including Clerks Fees and Ingrossment.

Is the Payment of this Quantum of Fees any Ob-ftacle to great Inclosures?

Certainly not.

Might it not be an Encouragement to small Inclosures, if some Means were suggested, by which the Payment of Fees was diminished, or done away, in so far as respected them?

Certainly.

Is there any other Expence attending the Passing of Bills of Inclosure, the Prevention of which might promote Inclosures?

If Bills were passed with greater Expedition, a very considerable Expence would be saved; by which Means, Inclosures would be much promoted: For Example, if the Chairman of the Committee of the House of Lords were empowered, by an Act, to swear Witnesses, instead of their being sworn at the Bar of the House.

Do any Means occur to you, by which the Expence of Commissioners might be diminished?

By confining the Number of Commissioners to as few as possible.

How many Commissioners are usually appointed?

Three.

Do you not think that Two Commissioners would at all Times be sufficient, with Power to call in a Third, if the former Two disagreed?

40 Geo. III.

17° -Afrilis.

In the Choice of Commissioners, is it not of Confer quence to appoint One at least who resides in the Neigh bourhood of the Inclosure?

I think it would, as it would lave Expence of Travelling.

In small Inclosures, would not One Commissioner answer all Purposes?

I think so; I have prevailed on a Township, in which I was principally interested, to adopt it} and 1 have recommended it several Times.

In those Instances, has the Business been done as much to your Satisfaction?

It has.

How is the Surveyor usually paid?

Esther by the Day, or p Acre; the latter is-preferable.

Would it not lessen the Expence of an Inclosure very considerably, if the Office of Surveyor were disposed of, under fair Competition, to the lovveft given Sum for executing the whole Business, by advertising for Propo-fals to such Effect, and taking Care that the contracting Party be competent to the Undertaking?

It might lessen the Expence; but I am of Opinion that very few Proprietors of Land would wish to entrust their Property, except in the Hands of a respectable Man; and I never heard any Complaint of a Surveyor's Charge.

Do any Means occur to you, by which the Size of Awards might be reduced?

I think they might, by referring to the Act only, or reciting it very concisely; and by referring to the Allotments by Schedules, instead of Special Description in the Body of the Award.

Would it not be an excellent general Regulation, that if the Award be not completed within a given Time, die Commissioners should give their Reasons for not having so completed it, either at the Assizes or at the Sessions?

It would be a very good one; and an Extension of the ferae Principle as now fuhfifU with respect to Roads in Private Bills.

(No. 3.)

George Maxwell, Esq; of F near Stilton, in the County of Huntingdon;

Examined.

Have you had much Experience, as a Commissioner, or otherwise,. in Bills of Inclosure?

Yes; from the Year 1773 or 1774. Have acted as a Commissioner in upwards of a Hundred Bills of Inclosure, and have solicited Three or Four Bills my-l'elf.

Would it diminish the Expence of Inclosures, and promote them, if the usual Clauses in such Bills were consolidated into One General Law?

Yes; very much lessen the Expence in drawing, copying, printing, and ingrossing; and in the Award, as it is the Practice of moll Solicitors, so far as my Knowledge reaches, to recite all those General Clauses in the Award.

Are not the Charges of Country Solicitors extremely various?

Yes; some charge double what others do, through all the Progress of the Business: As for Instance, in procuring Consents; in ipublishing Notices of Meetings; making Copies of Notices, and all the Proceedings of the Commissioners; for the Solicitor is generally appointed Clerk.: Some are satisfied with the same Allowance as the Commissioners; and others charge over and above that for whatever they do. The Charge also varies in drawing the Bill and the Award of the Commissioners; Vol. 55,

likewise in ingrofiing and inrolling the Award, and in obtaining Consents of the exchanging Parties.

Is it understood that there is at present any Check on the Charges of the Solicitor?

None.

Would it not be a material Service in carrying on Inclosure Bills, if the Charges of such Solicitor were ordered to be taxed before some Court?

Yes, in all Cases; and this should be a general Taxation, in order to preclude the Invidioufness of leaving it to Commissioners to obtain a Taxation, or not. There are many Solicitors who act with great Honour and Moderation, while others aim to make all the Profit they can.

Do you thinkaClerk isneceflary to the Commissioners?

Yes; in order to prove their Proceedings in case of Litigation *

Have you known any Instance where the Bill of the Solicitor has been refused by the Commissioners, but afterwards paid?

Yes, I have; in consequence of an Action having been brought against the consenting Proprietors, who authorized the Commissioners to pay the Bill rather than enter into a Litigation.

Do you know any Instance where it will be attended with Difficulty to obtain the Number of Consents generally supposed to be necessary?

I do; in the same of the intended Inclosure of the Commons of Spalding, Pinchbeck, and other Parishes in JJncolnshire. These Commons consist of about

16,000 Acres, and they are intercommonable to about Fourteen Parishes. The small Proprietors are very numerous; and to obtain the Consents of Four-fifths, will be very expensive and difficult.

Do you think that Two Commissioners would be sufficient in common Inclosures?

I do; with the Power of calling a Third, that might be nominated by the Proprietors in the Bill, in case of Variance.

Have you ever acted as Commissioner when a fixed Sum was allowed for the whole Business?

Yes; each Commissioner was allowed One Hundred Guineas. The Parish was about 3,000 Acres.

How did that Plan answer?

It was not at all satisfactory to me. In the first Place, I resided Fifty Miles from the Parish, One of the other Commissioners resided within Half a Mile of the Parish, and the Third within Ten or Eleven Miles; yet the whole Weight of the Business fell upon myself. And another Objection to a fixed Allowance is, that in case of Litigation against the Commissioners, the whole Allowance may be expended in such Litigation; for extra Attendances might be required, for which the Commissioners would get no Allowance.

Would there be any Objection to the Proceedings of the Commissioners being open at all Times to the Proprietors and their known Agents ? '

I think the Accounts of the Money received and expended should at all Times be open, and the Register of their Attendance; with a View that the Proprietors may fee that the Commissioners are entitled to the Charges they make for their Attendance: But with respect to the Minutes of their Proceedings, it might be dangerous, and lead to great Delay.

Why occasion Delay?

Because any litigious Proprietor might in every Stage of the Business appeal to the Quarter Sessions against any Part of their Proceedings; and upon Notice of such Appeal, the Commissioners could proceed no farther until the Appeal was decided: and thereby the Execution of the Act would be delayed.

Why

Googh

A\ 1800.

388 170 Aprilis.

Why do you recommend that the Register of the Attendance of Commissioners should at all Times be open?

Because I have known many Instances of Commissioners, who seldom or never attended at all, charging more than other Commissioners who attended the whole Execution of the Ad. Upon this Head, I wish to fugged the Propriety of a Standing Order, that no Commissioner should be allowed to charge for a greater Number of Travelling Days than are necessary for his going to and from his own Residence. I have known Instances, where a Man resided within Five Miles of the Parish where the-Inclosure was, who has charged for travelling from the Distance of One or Two Hundred Miles.

Is there no Check at present on such Abuses in the Conduct of the Commissioners?

The Commissioners have no Jurisdiction over the Charges of each other j and if an Appeal is made against the Charges, no Enquiries are ever inflicted by the Justices, as to the separate Charges of each Commissioner; and though one may have charged no more than he is entitled to, and another may have charged Three or Four Times as much as he is entitled to, they are all equally involved in the Decision; which could not happen if a Register was kept of the Attendance of each Commissioner.

Is an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions the only existing Mode of controuling the Conduct of Commissioners?

It is the only Mode in general pointed out by the Ad, and I never heard of an yother being practised.

Whether it would be advisable, and would controul the Conduct of the Commissioners, if there was a Committee of Referees appointed, of Persons not interested in the Inclosure, who might have the Power of removing Commissioners, and appointing others. Complaint only to be made by, suppose Three-fifths, of the Proprietors in Number and Value?

I think it would be a useful Controul.

Have you examined the Standing Orders of the House, regarding the Commissioners paying in the Money into the Hands of a Banker?

Yes I have, and approve much of the Principle of the Order; but think it wants some Qualifications; for the Commissioners should be declared not responsible for the Money whilst in the Banker's Hands so appointed; nor should any Commissioner be responsible for any Money drawn for, unless he signs the Order; and I also think that such Order should be entered in the Account, and signed only at a Public Meeting of the Commissioners.

Have you ever acted where Quality Men were nominated in the Ad?

I have.

Have you found them of Use in assisting the Business of the Inclosure ? .

It certainly lessens the Business of the Commissioners; but that saves nothing, as their Pay is generally the same; and I. think it is impossible for any Commissioners to allot Land, with the same Justice, that has been valued by other Persons, as they would be enabled to do if they valued it themselves.

Do you think the Surveyor should be appointed by the Ad ?;

No; I think he should not, but should be appointed by the Commissioners. The Surveyor, if he is appointed by the Ad, is appointed by the Proprietors, and considers himself as their Servant, and not the Servant of the Commissioners, and often discloses Matters 9

privately to fomi of the Proprietors, which ought not to be known: For Instance, he knows the Value set upon every Part of the Land, and has it in his Power to in-struft any Proprietor to petition for particular Spots to be allotted; which he would not do if he were not'recommended by the Proprietors.

How is the Surveyor usually paid?

By the Acre for measuring and mapping, and by the Day for Attendance on the Commissioners.

How much per Acre, and how much per Day?

They have One Shilling and Six Pence per Acre for measuring and mapping, and making all the Calculations for the Commissioners, flaking out the Allotments, and describing in Writing the Abuttals and Boundaries of the Allotments, in order to their being inserted in the Award; and they have a Guinea and a Half per Day for Attendance on the Commissioners. They are also paid for the reduced Plan; for which some charge Two Pence per Acre, and others from Five to Fifteen Guineas, which is less than Two Pence per Acre.

Would it not lessen the Expence of an Inclosure very much, if the Office of Surveyor were disposed of, under fair Competition, to the lowest given Sum, for executing the whole Business, by advertising for Proposals to such Effect, and taking Care that the contracting Party be competent to the Undertaking?

I doubt whether that Plan would answer, as it would be so difficult for the Commissioners to know the Qualifications of the Competitors; as to which there should not be the smallest Doubt, as it is always a very important Trust which is committed to him.

Is there any Check on the Conduct of the Surveyor, as to the Whole of his Proceedings?

He is generally sworn to make a true and perfect Survey; and in other Cafes, after he has made the Whole of the Calculation, and prepared every Thing for the Award — The latter Mode I consider the bell. I think in all Cases it would be proper for the Commissioners to stipulate with the Surveyor, as to the Terms under which he is to act and be paid; and that it is necessary to enter into an express Contraft for that Purpose.

Should there not be a Difference in the planning, &c. of a Common Field from a Common?

If it is a Common only, the Charge should not exceed One Shilling per Acre, there being no Difficulty on Account of Fences, &c.

Do you think that One Surveyor is, generally speaking, sufficient?

Yes, certainly. I am of Opinion, that it is unnecessary to have a general and a particular Surveyor for the same Inclosure; and that instead of being a Check, they are only a Clog to the Business; it occasions also an additional F.xpence, for though the Price per Acre is the fame, yet when they attend the Commissioners, they arc both paid the usual Allowance for Attendance.

Do you think that a Surveyor ought, in case of the Death or Secession of a Commissioner, to be appointed a. Commissioner?

I think not, unless under very peculiar Circumstances.

Is not the making of Roads attended with much Expence to the Inclosure?

Yes.

Do you approve of the general Principle of forming and making the Roads at the Expence of the Inclosure?

I do; but think that in the Detail it is attended with much more Expence than is necessary. The Commissioners should have no more to do therewith, than

settling

' j by v

40 GeO. III. vfjpritis.389

settling the Rate for providing for the Expences} and some One or more of the large Proprietors or Agents should be enabled to collect: the Money, pro rata; and a Surveyor ffio#uld be appointed by the Proprietors, to expend the Money and certify the State of the Roads, without any other Interference of the Commissioners, than staking them out, and settling such Rate for paying the Expences. At present, Commissioners often hold Public Meetings solely on Account of the Roads j which is attended with much Expence to the Inclosure, and a great Delay; for the making of Roads being so specifically required by the Ad, that it occasions great Delay in the Execution of the Ad; for at present the Commissioners are under the Necessity of continuing as a Body even Two Years after the Period, when the Award might otherwise be closed.

Have you ever acted as Commissioner where the Land was divided and allotted, but not fenced?

I have, in the Execution of several Acts; but I do not approve the Plan j it is only a Halt Measure.

What is the Expence of printing a Bill of Inclosure?

About Three Pounds Sixteen Shillings per Sheer, containing Four Sides, which includes the Whole printing the Bill and Ad when completed.

What do you suppose the Amount of the Expence would be for printing the Bill you are now soliciting, for Hanvoorth, Fell ham, and S

About Sixty Pounds.

What is the Number of Bills and Acts usually printed?

About Two Hundred and Fifty in all.

Whether you found much Trouble or Expence in procuring Consents for the Inclosure you are soliciting?

J found great Difficulty in procuring the Amount of Four-fifths of the Interest j and as to the Expence, as I resided in the Centre of the Parishes to be incloted, it amounted to about Twenty Pounds.

Did you draw up the Inclosure Bill for the Parish of Hanworth and the adjoining Parishes?

I did.

How are the making and keeping up of Fences regulated in Acts of Inclosure?

The Public Fences are done under the express Directions of the Commissioners, and paid out of the Inclosure Fund. The Boundary Fences are apportioned amongst the different Proprietors. The interior ones are done by the Proprietor.

How might the Expence of the Award be diminiffied?

By leaving out all the reciting Part, and referring, by a few general Words, to the Act. Many Solicitors at present contend for the Necessity of inserting the principal Clauses of the Ad, and all the Proceedings of the Commissioners, which swell the Size and increase the Expence coniidcrably. I was a Commissioner under the Act for inclosing Eaton, in the County of Bedford, the Award of which has been signed only within this Fortnight. This Award amounts to Sixty-ieven Skins, without any Recital; and if it had been done in the old Way, would have amounted to double that Number of Skins.

What is the usual Expence of drawing, ingrossing, and inrolling the Award?

The Expence varies. Some Solicitors charge Ten Shillings per Skin for drawing, the same for ingrossing, and the same for inrolling.' Others charge double for each; there being at present no settled Rule, nor any Means for taxing such Charges.

Is the present Mode of appealing to the Quarter Sessions in all Cales sufficient?

I think it is very insufficient; and in particular the Accounts and Proceedings of the Commissioners are not Efficiently protected, as there is no Appeal from the De-cilion of the Justices to any other Court. With respect to the Accounts, the Proprietors themselves should be enabled to settle them by Public Notice, to be given by the Commissioners, of a Meeting of the Proprietors, in consequence of a Public Notice, and the same to be determined by a Majority in Value there present.

(No. 4.)

John Morgan, Esq; Bedford Square;

Have you examined the Bill for the Purpose of ascertaining how many Clauses in at might be incorporated into One General Law?

I have; the Bill-as printed amounts to Sixty-seven Pages, of which Forty-eight Pages might be included in a General Bill, which would save Two-thirds of the Expences of the Ad, in so far as regards drawing it up copying, printing, and the Fees of Ingrossinent.

Does any other Method occur to you, by which the Expence of an Inclosure Bill could be diminiffied?

By reducing the Proportion of Consents now required, by which I mean Four-fifths.

What in your Opinion would be a proper Proportion of Irt t ere Its, whose Signatures should be sufficient for obtaining an Inclosure ? .

A Majority in Value; and if that were the Cafe, many Inclol'ures would take place which now do not.

.(No. {.)

John Whitt, Esq;

Examined.

Have you had much Experience in passing Bills of Inclosure?

Yes; for the last Seventeen or Eighteen Years past have been in the Habit of soliciting Bills.

Have you examined the Ha Inclosure Bill?

Yes.

Are there not many Clauses in it which might be included in a General Law?

It appears to me there are.

The whole Bill as now printed amounting to -leven Pages, to what Extent do you think the Size of that Bill might be reduced by a General Law?

Perhaps Two-fifths might be omitted; but of the Clauses which might be thus omitted in particular Bills,

I much doubt whether the particular Cafes might not make it necessary, or induce the Party at Jeaft to think expedient, to retain them. I think, generally speaking, Two-fifths of the Length of the Bill might be laved, if well and carefully provided for by a General Law.

Examined.

Have you ever solicited a Bill of Inclosure?

Yes; but not as a Country Solicitor, till One now in the House.

Can you give the Committee an Account of the Expence of Notices to be affixed on the Church Doors, according to the Rules of the House?

About a Guinea and a Half each Sunday.

What is the Expence of drawing up the Bill in Ma-nulcript?

Two Shillings per Folio of Seventy-two Words. Vot. ^5.

Do you think the Expence of giving Notices might be reduced, either in the Countjy, or in the Proof thereof before the House?

I think not in the Country; but fomethingconsider-able might be laved in proving them before the House, if they are to be proved by a Witness brought up for no other Purpose. 1 know that it seldom happens that a Witness is brought up for solely proving Notices.

Do you think that the Expence of Con/ents might be diminiffied, either in regard to the procuring them at first, or in proving them before both Houses?

Not unless the Principle upon which

G»

1

3po 170 Aprifis. A. 1800.

to be takeh, and the Mode few applying for Consents, is altered.

What is the present Mode, and how can it be altered?

As to the present Mode, personal Application rauft be made, and proved by the Person who has made the Application, to every Individual Proprietor, and a Copy of the Bill tendered to htm. Parliament have been understood to expect tf.c 'ConTent of FoUr-fifths in Value to be so obtained, and proved by the Person obtaining the fame; and every Person having Property mud be accounted for, either as assenting, difienting, neuter, or hot to be found.

Would it not facilitate Inclosure Bills, if some Relaxation was made in that Principle?

Certainly; for Instance, if personal Application was required to be made, and proved only to that Proportion of Property which Parliament by any Rule would require to be consenting to the Inclosure; and that the other Applications might be made by Letter, or the Application to the Parties proved by their Agents, or by any other Acknowledgments from the Party.

' Is it not foirietimes attended with great Trouble and Expence, obtaining individual Consents?

Certainly. Sometimes long Joumies are required. In One Instance I have known it cost £.70 or^.8o —

This was for the Consent of a principal Proprietor; who during the whole Business referred to his Agent, and desired the Act of that Agent might be considered as his Act; but it was nevertheless thought advilable to obtain his Signature to the Bill.

If Parliament could be prevailed upon to dispense with the Personal Attendance, and would admit in mod: Cafes Affidavits of Consents and Notices, wou^d it not reduce the Expence?

Certainly.

Is it not necessary to prove the Allegations contained in the Preamble of the Bill?

Yes; by parole Evidence before the Committee of the House of Commons, and before the Committee of the House of Lords upon Oath.

When you, as a Parliamentary Solicitor, solidt an Inclosure Bill, what is the usual Expence thereof where there is no Opposition?

From £. 180 to £.280 or £.300, including all Expences of both Houses — and sometimfes with an Qppofu tion, it does not amount to more than£. 200 or ,£.240. It depends upon the particular Circumstances of the Cafe. I mean in this to include every Charge and Ex-pehce in passing tive Bill through both Houses, and printing a sufficient Number of Acts for the Doorkeepers of both Houses, and the Parties.

(No. 6.)

Patrick Drummond, Esq", Solicitor to the Croydon loclosure in 1796-7;

Examined.

Was it an extensive Inclosure

Yes; the Quantity of Acres is stated in the Act; jthe Rights were Very complicate; the ' Bill was very long, 320 Folios of 72 Wotcfe each.

Can you give the Committee ahy Information regard-" Jog the Expence in the Country

I am not able to do that; for this Reason, that I Lave not made out my own Bill, nor received that of other Persons concerned.

Can you.state the Expence of passing the Bill through both Houses?

No farther than Mr. While's Bill, amounting to £.369. 6 s. yd. ~

What was the Occasion of the Bill being to so large an Amount?

The Amount was very much increased by the Op-

S

Postion given'to the Bill: There were Four Petitions against it *

What other Expences were incurred imparting the Bill through the Two Houses, besides those contained in Messrs. White's Bill?

I cannot, for the Reason before stated, give the Particulars; but they consisted of Count'd, Witnesses, my own Attendance and Expences.

Did you find it troublesome obtaining Consents to this Inclosure f

The Proprietors being very numerous, it was attended with a very considerable Expence.

Was it attended with much Expence to prove those Consents before the Two Houses?

It was: Several Witnesses were necessary to prove those Consents, on Account^ of the great Number of Proprietors which made it necessary for several Persons to be employed in obtaining those Consents. I think there were Five Persons employed for this Purpose. It might be a Saving of the Expence if a Meeting was required to be advertised in several Public Papers, and on the Church D00V, for the express Purpose of the Proprietors signing the Consent Bill, or signifying their Diflent, or declining either; and that all Persons attending and declining to give either their Assent or Dissent, and also Persons not attending at all, shall be considered as neuter.

Is not the Quantity of Consent necessary to be proved before both Houses, a great Obstacle to Inclosure Bills?

I think it is.

Would it not greatly facilitate Inclosures if Two-thirds in Value of the Parties interested were deemed sufficient?

Undoubtedly it would. And I also think that if there was some certain Criterion of the Quantum of Consent necessary. The Poor Rate is often referred to on this Point, but it is not a proper one.

How could the Expences of the Commissioners be reduced?

By preventing them from fitting upon more than One Inclosure at the same Time.

How could the Expences of the Surveyor be checked?

I know no better Way than causing them to be taxed in the same Manner as the Solicitors.

How could the Charges of the Commissioners be checked?

In the same Manner.

Have any Means occurred to you, by which the Expence of the Award could be diminished?

I think that the Repetition of Words in each Allotment might be saved, by Means of Reference to a Schedule; in which might be shewn, by Means of Columns, the Quantity, Quality, Boundaries, and Fencing, of caoh Allotment.

Are you of Opinion, if many of 'the Clauses usually inserted in Bills of Inclosure were consolidated into a General Act, much Expence would not be thereby saved?

Certainly.

(No. 7.)

Charles Thomas Ellis, Esq; Inner;

Examined.

Have you been employed in soliciting Inclosure Bills

"Parliament?

Yes, in Three; and concerned in others on Behalf of Individuals.

Have you had an Opportunity of inspecting the Bills of other Solicitors for die like Purpose I

r

391

40 Geo. III. 170 Aprilis.

Can you state to the Committee the Nature of the Charges usually made for soliciting and obtaining such an Act of Parliament?

Yes. I did, in the Course of the last Year, publish a Pamphlet, intituled ". The Solicitor's in " liament, concerning Estate B, and Bills of

annexed to which is a Bill of Cods for soliciting an Inclosure Ad. The Charges dated in that Bill are those usually made by Solicitors for the like Budness. In drawing up that Bill, I had before me several Bills of the Sort, furnished me by other Solicitors, redding in different Parts of the Country, as well as in Town. I was particularly anxious in drawing out that Statement of Charges, to be rather under than to exceed the usual Amount. That Bill of Cods I meant to be a Model for Charges in similar Cafes; but is not a correct Copy of any particular Bill. The Charges, it is evident, mud vary according to Circumstances. I beg Leave to add, that in that Bill, no Allowance is made for the Charge of a Country Solicitor's Attendance in Town, during the Progress of the Bill, which fe most Cafes is customary.

Have you found any Difficulty in procuring Consents, and proving the same before the Two Houses?

Yes y both in regard to Proprietors living at a Didance, and redding Abroad. In the former Calc I have found it necessary to go to Bath and Durham, to procure the Contents of Proprietors. The Journey to Durham cod

31. 6s. 6 d.though I went by the Mail. In regard to obtaining the Consent of the Proprietor Abroad, I prepared a Power of Attorney to his Steward in the Country, who redded near the Parish to be inclosed, to authorize him to sign his Consent to the Bill. The Execution of which Letter of Attorney was proved by an Affidavit sworn before the Consul at Oporto; and the Consent thus given, was admitted by both Houses of Parliament. The whole Expence of obtaining this Con-lent amounted only to £. 1. 13 8

Were you called upon by either House to prove the Hand Writing of the Consul at Oporto No.

(No. 8.)

John Dorington, Esq;

Examined.

By what Names are the Bills of Inclosure which pass the Two Houses of Parliament usually known?

They are called Single Bills, Double Bills, Three Single Bills, Two Double Bills, Five Single Bills, Three Double Bills, and Four Double Bills.

What is the Dednition of each Sort?

Single Fees are taken on Bills which concern an Individual only. Double Fees are charged where a Number or a Body of People are interested. Three Single Fees are charged where a Number or Body of People are interested, and an Individual, whole Interests are distinct. Two Double Fees are charged where there are Two Bodies of People concerned whole Interests are distinct: and so of the rest, whether Five Single, Three Double, or Four Double.

How is it ascertained whether any particular Bill ought to pay as a Single Bill, or as a Double Bill, &c.?

The Clerk of the Fees forms his Opinion of the Fees that each Bill ought to pay, from the Preamble and Providons of the Bill. If, from Want of local Knowledge, he at any Time mistakes the Providons of the Bill, it is rectified by Explanation from the Solicitor of the Bill; but where he has thought that the Distin&ioa . of Interests has justided the Charge, he has conceived it his Duty to perdft in it, and the Parties have either paid the Fees, or applied, by Means of some Member, to the Speaker for his Opinion. The Clerk of the Fees does not, at present, recoiled any Instance where, on such an Appeal, his Demand has been thought to be improper.

Can you state to the Committee the Fees payable on the different Sorts of Inclosure Bills in the Two Houses?

It is impossible to be exact, as the Fees of Ingrossment must vary according to the Size of the Bill; but I have drawn up, for the Information of the Committee, the following Table, collected from Accounts of Fees actually paid on Bills of the different Sorts which have, passed the Two Houses.

(No. 9.)

TABLE of FEES payable in the Two Houses, on BILLS ef INCLOSURE.

Fees paid on a Single Bill. Fees paid on a Double BiH. Fees paid on a 3-Single Bill Fees paid on . a ^-Double Bill Fees paid on . a 5-Single Bill. Fees paid on a 3-Double Bill Fees paid on . a 4-Double Bill,

House of Commons: S. d. £. s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d

Bill Fee'and Small Fees - - 15 2 28 15 4 43 6 — 58 7 4 82 13 4 86 6 — lz5 14 8

Committee Fees - - - / 8 3 8 9 19 2 7 11 10 16 7 4 25 9 6 39 12 10 60 11 2

Messengers Fees - - - 2 8 6 2 16 — 3 11 — 4 6 — 7 8 6 6 12 — 10 6 —

Ingrossing Fees - - - 7 2 — 48 3 — 24 16 — 42 14 6 41 3 6 55 S 6 44 3 6

Total Fees in the Commons - 32 l6 89 13 6 79 4 Ip 122 5 2 t-t i 1 4 1 0 187 l9 4 240 5 4

House of Lords: 1 1

Bill Fees ----- -- 2; . 54 __ — — I08 135 162 — — 216 — —

Yeoman-U(her and Doorkeepers 5 5 5 5 — 8 8 — 8 8 — 11 I I " 12, 12 — H 14 — f

Order of Committee - - - 1 1 . a a 1 1 I I . I I — X 1 — 4 1

Committee Fees - - - - - 4 4 - 4 4 - 6 6 " 6 6 — -; 8 O — 8 8 — 10 10

Total Fees in the Lords - -Total Fees in the Two Houses 37 IO - 64 10 96 ‘5 123; [5 — 156. — — CO I — 242 5

70 6 2 >54 3 6 76 9 10 s h6 — 2: 1 3 4 10 , 37 ~ 4 +83 ' 4

Vol. $5.

ACCOUNT

392

A. x 800.

ij° Jprilis.

ACCOUNT of FEES received in the House of Commons on BILLS of INCLOSURE, for 14 Years,

ending Anno 1799.

YEAR. Number of BILLS. Bill Fee and Small Fees. Committee Fees. Hoofekeeper and Messengers Fees. Ingrossing Fees. TOTAL FEES.

L S. d. L % s. d. £ s. d. £' r. d. £ X.

1786 - - " 25 761 4 4 368 6 4 9° — — 745 — — i>964 10 8

1 1 OO M - 21 631 6 — 3°6 7 8 70 12 — 665 7 6 »673 3 2

1788 - - - 32 941 5 8 476 7 10 no 8 6 >°55 12 6 2,584 4 6

1789 - - - 36 1,083 7 4 430 12 2 47 18 — 1,101 5 — a>763 12 6

1790 - - - 26 753 4 — 322 7 6 76 16 — 841 5 — ,994 2 6

1791 - - - 40 1,321 16 — 56 7 6 4 123 10 — i>3°6 7 6 3,3 9 9 10

1792 - - - 41 1,240 7 4 781 11 6 202 9 — 1,470 — — 3,694 7 10

793 - - - 60 1,784 5 — 988 1 6 210 4 — 2,249 7 6 5',232 8 —

1794 - - - 74 2,167 3 8 9°5 — 10 237 11 6 2,476 7 6 5,787 3 6

1795 ' 77 2,402 9 4 »°77 5 8 311 2 — 2,985 — — 6,775 7 —

1796 - - - 72 2,282 5 4 I>175 6 2 222 5 — ' 2,853 5 — . 6,533 11 6

797 - - - 87 2,810 8 8 >317 16 2 278 8 — 3,272 10 — 7,679 2 10

1798 - - - 49 1,487 4 — 711 16 8 57 4 — 1,832 10 — 4,189 4 8

1799 - - - 67 2,100 3 — .039 8 10 97 3 6 2,338 2 6 5,675 7 10

7°7 21,768 19 8 10,468 5 2 2,43 6 I 6 25, 93 IO — 59,867 6 4

Besides the stated Fees, the Doorkeeper at the House of Commons usually receives a Guinea, for his Trouble in distributing the printed Bills the Ingrowing Clerks Two Guineas, for Expedition, and for Alterations on the Third Reading of the Bill; and other small Gratuities are paid to the inferior Officers of the Two Houses.

It appears from the preceding Table, that the Total Number of Bills for 14 Years amounted to - 707

Consequently, the Average for each Year is upwards of- - ----- - 50

Of the above 707 Bills there were.

Single Bills - -- -- 3

Double Bills, paying Two Fees each - -- 679

Three Single Bills, paying Three Fees each - - - - 1

Two Double Bills, paying Four Fees each - -- -- - 20

Five Single Bills, paying Five Fees each ----- --- - 1

Three Double Bills, paying Six Fees each - -- -- - 2

Four Double Bills, paying Eight Fees each - -- -- - 1

---707

The Average Fees in the House of Commons, per Bill, amounts to - - 84 13 6

The Total Fees per Annum, on the Average of Fourteen Years, in the House of Commons, is 4,276 4 9

On the Supposition that the Fees in the House of Lords may equal those in the Commons, hence - - -- -- - 4,276 4 9

Total Fees per Annum, on the Average of Fourteen Years, on Bills of Inclosure in the Two Houses, may be stated at about - . - £ 8,552 9 6

Ordered,

40 Geo. Ill; 170 Aprilis.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Confederation upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Committee on King's Mef-sage respecting an Union with Ireland, deferred.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration His Majesty's most Gracious Message of the 2d Day of this lnllant April, communicating to this House the Resolutions of the Lords and Commons of Ireland, respecting an Union between the Kingdoms of Great Britain and , with their Ad-

dress to His Majesty thereupon;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Address for Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to officeshddby His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Members of Directions that there be laid before this House, an Ac-Hanent Par" count the Number of Officers, together with the Salaries and Emoluments annexed to the fame, tenable by, or actually held by, the present Members of the Parliament. '

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

upon the Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue, Exchequer Bills, ,to an Amount to be limited, on the Credit, of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred, be pow read,.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported, from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House wili please to receive the lame?

Ordered, That the Report be' received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for granting a Bounty on the Importation of o ts Bounty Oats, for a Time to be limited, was, according to Order, BJ1,columitte^' read a Second Time! .

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, .

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, rpfolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

!bill to amend Acts respecting Duties on Income, deferred.

Neutral Ships Bill, committed.

Committee on Exchequer Bills Bill.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 4th Day of this Instant April, for reading a Second Time, Tomorrow, the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, several Acts, passed in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the Duties on Income, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 25th Day of this Instant April;

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Words " Tomorrow Sevennight, "the 25th Day of this Instant and insert the

Words " this Day Six Moftths" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out, stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put,-That the said Bill be read a Second Time, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 25th Day of this Instant April;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, ^j{hn Smyth; } 85'

(Mr. Sheridan, 1

Mr. William Joseph De- > 20. nifon: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to permit the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Countries in America, belonging to any Foreign European Sovereign or State, in Neutral Ships, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

1 The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Vol. 55.

A Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the HampBeaJ Poor of the Parish of Saint John, Hampstead, in the Poor Bill, County of Middlesex, was read a Second Time. , committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Mainwaring, &c.,: And they are to meet this Afternoon; at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Sir William Nairneof Dunfinnan, in Perth Roi.fj the County of Perth, Baronet, One of the Senators of additional Petite College of Justice, and of the other Persons there- "0D' unto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Petitioners, in the present Session, presented their Petition to the House, stating the Purport of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-third Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for the making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth; particularly the Road from Perth to Cupar, or the Neighbourhood thereof, towards as far as

the Confines of the County of Perth , and farther stating, that, in pursuance of the said Acts, the greater Part of the said Road had been made and repaired, but that a Part of the said Line of Road, videlicet, from Cupar to the Confines of the County of Perth, was still unmade, and that there were not sufficient Funds for that Purpose, and the Tolls authorized to be levied on the said Line of Road were found to be too low, and that it would be of great Advantage to the Public if the said Road were Completed, and for that End if the Trustees were enabled to levy an additional Toll on the Road from Cupar to the said Confines, and other ^ecessary Powers were given for completing the said Work; and that in Consequence thereof Leave has been given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes prayed for in the said Petition j and that the Petitioners have discovered an Error in their Petition, iff as far as it limits the Object of the proposed Bill to a Part of the said Road, and to the levying an additional Toll on that Part, whereas the Notices, in pursuance of the Standing Orders, regarded the whole Line of Road from Perth to Cupar, and so forth, to the Confines of the County, and the Meaning is to lay one increased aggregate Rate on the Whole of the Line to be apportioned amongst the different Turnpikes erected, or to be ere died: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may extend to the enlarging the Powers of the said Acts of the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-third Years of His Majesty, in as far as respects the whole Line of Road from Perth to Cupar, or the Neighbourhood, towards as far as the Confines of t tie County of Perth, with such 5 H Powers,

Member added to bring in Llanfwrog In-ciofure Bill.

Bill presented.

rifTHih Pay Bill, deferred.

Militia Officers Allowances Billi deferred.

Committee on Act respecting Duties on Sugar and Coffee, deferred.

Innkeeper Bill, deferred.

Stoke upon Tern, &c. Inclosure Bill, reported *

594

i76 — 18°

A. 1800.

Powers, and under such Regulations, as to the House maAr seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Jkble.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others. Owners of Estates within the Parish of Llanfwrog, in the county of.

Mr. Bragge presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands, with the Parish of Llanfwrog, in the County of Denbigh: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, be read a

Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for granting certain Allowances to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants, of Militia, disembodied, under an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to accept " the Services of an additional Number of Volunteers " from the Militia, under certain Restrictions," be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of lo much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to " His Majesty certain additional Duties on Sugar imported and exported, and on Coffee exported; and " for reducing the Drawbacks now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar;" as imposes Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Venerts, 18® die;

Anno 40° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1800, Prayers.

SIR Richard Hill reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Lands in the Parishes of Stoke upon Tern and Hinjlock, in the County of Salop, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the . Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 66 Acres of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands belonging to . Persons interested in the Inclosure consists of 6,110 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill);'and that the Committee had . gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments . thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved. That the Petition of Sir P-rrti William Nairne, of Dunfinnan, in the County of Perth,

Baronet, One of the Senators of the College of Justice, to a Commit and of the other Persons thereunto. subscribed, which tee was Yesterday presented to the House, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ferguson, Mr. Allardyce,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sit James Graham reported from the Committee, to RiponRosl whom the Petition of several of the Trustees under Two several Acts, one made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the High Road from the Borough of Ripon, by Ingram Bank, to the Town of Pate/ey Bridge, in the County of York, and the other made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for reviving and continuing the Term, and varying l'ome of the Powers, of the said Act, and for making Compensation to the Trustees and Mortgagees under Two Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road from Wetherby to Grajmgton, in the County of Yowhofe Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Peter Taylor, being examined, laid, That the Trustees appointed to put the said Acts in Execution, have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Road, which with the Tolls have been duly applied; and that the said Money so borrowed, with a considerable Arrear of Interest, still remains due, 'and cannot be repaid, nor the said Road kept in good Repair, unless the said Acts are further continued, and foine of the Powers thereof enlarged, and l'ome Amendments and Alterations made thereto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of Ripon, by Ingram Bank, to the Town of Pate/ey Bridge, in the County of York:And that Sir James Graham, Mr.

Heathcote, and General Norton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition

Petition of Innkeepers, c. respecting the Quartering fcf Soldiers *

Leominster Car.al Petition, reported.

40 Geo. IIL

A Petition of the there-underiigried Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Borough of Regis: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Public-housekeepers, in the City of Norwich: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Borough of and Neighbourhood thereof^ Anti also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Town and Borough of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Town and Port of in the County of Kent: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Victuallers, Stablekeepers, and Publicans, of the Town of Brighthelmfione, in the County of Sussex: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Town of , and

Neighbourhood thereof: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Town of and

Neighbourhood thereof: And also,

A Petition of the there undersigned Innkeepers and Publicans of the Town and Neighbourhood of Cuck-field: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers and Publicans of the Town and Port of in the Coun-

ty of Kent: And also,

A Petition of the thcjre-undersigned Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Town of , in the County of Sussex, and Neighbourhood thereof: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the City, Bail, and Close of Lincoln: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers and Victuallers of the Towns and Boroughs of Launceston and Newport , in the County of Cornwall: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Victualler^ and Publicans, of the City of Lichfield., and Neighbourhood thereof;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have for some Time pad been considerable Sufferers from the great Number of Soldiers quartered upon them, which particularly oppresses them and no other Description of People j and that, unless some Alteration be made for the Provision of Soldiers at this alarming Crisis, when every Article of Housekeeping, as well as Hay and Straw, are so extremely dear, the utter Ruin of many of the Petitioners will most certainly be the Consequence, the Loss already fudain«d, and likely to be fudained, being so very heavy, that several' are in Fear of being obliged to give up their Licences to avoid the impending Ruin: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table-

Mr. William Taylor reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Leominster Canal Navigation,‘under their Common

Seal, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House relative to Navigation Bills, it not being intended to give Power for railing any further or additional Rates, Tolls or Duties, or for varying the Line of the Canal; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place i and Voi.. 55.

afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of His Majesty's Reign, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Kington, in the County of Hereford, by or through Leominster, to join the River Severn, near Stourport Bridge, in the County of Worcester: And also, an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of His faiff Majesty's Reign, to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation to complete the same, were read: And,

Mr. Francis Edwards, being examined, said. That the said Company of Proprietors have, in pursuance of the said Acts,- made and completed a Considerable Parfof the said Canal, and erected Locks, aqueducts, and other Works, authorized to be made by the said first recited Act; that the said Company were by the said Act empowered to raise the Sum of 150,000, but have only been able to raise the Sum of £.68,582, which has proved very inadequate to complete the Works of the said Canal hitherto finished, and the Proprietors have thereby incurred a Debt to the Amount' of £.25,000, which Sum is due and owing from the said Company: — And, the Witness further said, That agreat Part of the said Canal still remains unfinished, and cannot be completed without a further additional Sum of Money over and above the Sum of £. 25,000, lo wanted to pay the Debt aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Leominster Canal Navigation to finish and complete the same, and to pay their Debts, and for altering and amending Two Acts, passed for making and maintaining the said Navigation: And that Mr. William Taylor and Mr. Pollen do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

An ingrafted Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the Roads therein mentioned, leading from the Town of Leominster, in the County of Hereford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the Roads therein mentioned, leading from the Town of Leominster, in the County of Hereford.

Ordered, That Mr. William Taylor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Wat kin Williams presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Town of Denbigh to the Town " of Saint Asaph, and from thence to the Town and " Port of Ruthland, in the Counties of Denbigh and " Flint, and for repealing an Act, made in the Thirty-

" second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as the same relates to the said Road And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Edward Henry Columbine, Esquire, with Anna Maria Starr, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the Whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 28th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses.

Leominster Roads Bill, pkiied.

Denbigh and] Flint Roads Bill, presented *

Columbine' Divorce Bill, committed *

A. 1800.

Rvhall Inclo-fvirr Bill, committed.

Bimack with Pi ligate Inclosure Bill, committed.

iLcatherhead Road Bill, paHed.

Holmpton Inclosure Bill jeported, and ra-committed.

396 18° Aprilis.

jicfles, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel-, or produce Witnesses.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Ryhall BelmcJViorpe, otherwise Belmhifthorpe, in the County of Rutland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Phoney, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Barnack with Pdfgate, in the County of Nwas read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Cartwright, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Inn at Leatherhead to the May Pole, at the Upper End of Spital or Somerset Street, in the Parish of Stoke, near the Town of Gu.de-ford, in the County of Surrey, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Swan Inn at Leatherhead to the May Pole at the Upper End of Spital or Somerset Street, in the Parish of Stoke, near to the Town of Guldeford, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Sir John Frederick do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields and Balks, or Pieces of Common and Waste Ground, within the Township of Holmpton, in the Parishes of Holmpton and Hollytn cum Withernsea, in Holderness, in the East Rid-

ing of the County of York, was committed.

Mr. Henry Lascelles accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the said Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of io£ Acres of Old Inclosure, and also, except the Owners of 14 Acres of Open Land; and that there are in the Whole 386 Acres of Old Inclosure, and 884 Acres of Open Land; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, That several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Scotch Sm.-. Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more ealy and expeditious " Recovery of Small Debts, and determining Small " Causes, arising out of Personal Contract or Obligation,

" in that Part of "Great Britain called Scotland," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend, and make perpetual, the said Act: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that Mr. Badger (from Account of the Office of the Auditor of the Principality of Wales') Balance f, CT, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, ^eniVoTL^ presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, Revenue f_r

An Account of the Total Amount of the Balances due, on the 5th of January 1800, from the Receivers General of the Land Revenue of the Crown for Wales and the County of Monmouth, first distinguishing the Balances due on their last declared Accounts to the 10th of October 179S, the Amount of their subsequent Receipts, and the Amount and Dates of the Payments which nave been since made in Discharge thereof.

' And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That -such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Notice being taken. That the Bill to explain, amend, Bill toststul and render more effectual, several Acts, passed in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the Duties on Income, income, wuh-contained Provisions, which should have been previously < awn-confidcied in a Committee of the whole House;

The House was moved, That the Order, made Yesterday, for reading the said Bill a Second Time upon Friday next, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be drfcl, urged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Committor on resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, upon Sai;n

the Bill to permit the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Countries in America, belonging to any Foreign European Sovereign or State, in Neutral Ships, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itl'elf into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Bill to prevent further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for preventing the Month . Practice of Bull-baiting was committed, be now read.

And

40 Geo. III.

i r — 2i

397

And the said Order being read accordingly; co, nd Reading of the said Bill, be adjourned till Wed-

Ordered, That the said Report be t^ken into further nesday Sevennight, the 30th Day of this Instant April. Consideration upon this Day Six Months.

Committee on Oat Bounty Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting a Bounty on the Importation of Oats, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee'.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fordyce took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fordyce reported from the Committee, That they bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will plealc to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Supply, deferred.

Petitions of Innkeepers, Sec. rctpecting the Quartering of Soldiers, referred to a Committee,

The House was moved. That the several Petitions of

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty'

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled/" An Act for permitting certain Goods imported from the " East Indies to be warehoused, and for repealing the " Duties now payable thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof," as relates to Salt Petre.

Ordered, That the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Militia Pay

- — - - - & - S- - Bill, defentd.

Bill respecting the Duties on Salt Petre, deferred-

the Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, which were Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Yesterday presented to the House, respecting the Al- Britain called England, for One Year, be read a Second lowances to be made for the Quartering of Horse and Time upon Monday Morning next.

Foot Soldiers, and were then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly j.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matters thereof; and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House:

And they are referred to Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Bragge, See.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

House resolve to adjourn to Monday-

Resolved, the House next.

That this House will, at the Rising of

this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning

Ordered, That the Bill for granting certain Allowances Militia Officers to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants of Militia, A.u.°^aJ'ces, disembodied, under an Act of this Session of Parliament, ' e crr€ intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to accept / the Services of an additional Number of Volunteers " from the Militia, under certain restrictions," be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Sugar " imported and exported, and on Coffee exported and " for reducing the Drawbacks now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar," as imposes Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported.

Committee on. A&y respecting Duties oa Sugar and Coffee, deferred *

Exchequer Bills Bill, on Credit of Supplies, reported, and re-commirted.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Trea- -fury to issue Exchequer Bills, to an Amount to be limited, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, That several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said

Bin;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

LuneBy 2i° die \

Anno 40° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1800.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the several Petitions of the

Petitions of

Ker.t Gaol iiili, titfci ieJ-

Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, which were I nnVeepers, presented to the House upon Friday last, respecting the

Allowances to be made for the Quartering of Horse and former Veil-Foot Soldiers, be referred to the Consideration of the lions Committee, to whom the several other Petitions of the Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, which were pre-Rejohed, That this House will, upon Monday Morning fented to the House upon last, are referred: And

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, that they do examine the Matters of these Petitions; and to consider further of the said Bill. report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the

House.

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, adjourned Proceeding, upon the Second Reading of the Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Town of Darlington:

Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the And also.

Reign of King George the Second, to enable the Justices A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, of the Peace, acting for the Western Division of the Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Town of Bishop Auckland, and Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of Durham: And also.

Other! of Inr &c-

County of Kent, to purchase a convenient Piece of Ground for building a Gaol for the said County, and for empowering the said Justices to apply Part of the County Stock of the said Division towards the fame, and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

Ordered, That the further Proceeding upon the Se- Borough of , in the County of York:

Vol. 55. S I

A Petition of the Innkeepers and Publicans of Swajf-ham, in the County of Norfolk: And also,

A Petition of the Innholders and Publicans of the

And also,

A Petition

598 2i° AprifiSi-^.1800.

A Petition of the Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Pub- in the county of : And the same was received; licans, of the City of Worcejer: And also, and read the First Time.

A Petition of the Innkeepers and Victuallers of the That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Town of Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton,

whose Names are there-underwritten: And also, . An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, certain Commons and Waste Lands in the Parishes ot Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Towns of Huntingdon Stoke upon Tern and in the County of Salop, was paifcJ.

and Godmanchester: And also, read the Third Time.

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Town of Woodbridge, be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain

and Neighbourhood thereof: And also. Commons and Waste Lands in the Parish es of Stoke upon

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Tent and Hinjlock, in the County of Salop.

Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Town of Hadleigh, in Ordered, That Si Hill do carry the Bill to the County of Suffolk: And also, the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers,

Victuallers, and Publicans, of the City of Peterborough: Sir John Callander presented to the House, according Berwick

And also, to Order, a Bill for lighting the Streets and Lanes of pie *

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are the Borough of Berwick upon Tweed, and the Quays thereto subscribed, Innkeepers and Victuallers, in the and Wharfs belonging to the said Borough, and that Village of Stilton, in the County of Huntingdon, and the Part of the Bridge over the River Tweed which lies Neighbourhood thereof: And also, within the Liberties of the said Borough, and also of

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, the Street of Cajllegate, within the said Borough, or the

Victuallers, and Publicans, of Seaford, Alfrifton, New- Liberties thereof, and for paving the Footpaths of the haven, and Neighbourhood thereof: And also, principal Streets of the said Borough, and of

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, aforesaid, and for preventing Obstructions, Nuisances,

Victuallers, and Alehousekeepers, of the City and and Annoyances therein: And the same was received;

County of Canterbury, and the Suburbs thereof: And and read the First Time.

also, Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petitioa of the there-undersigned Innkeepers and

Publicans of the Borough of Peters field; A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are pet;lionf„,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for carrying into Provision m ' - Complaining of the Losses which the Petitioners Execution Two Acts, one made in the Twenty-sixth vwi',

alledge they sustain from the Quartering of Horse Year of the Reign of King the Second, and the &c. Road *

and Foot Soldiers, on Account of the High other in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His BU1 *

Price of Hay and Straw, and the Dearness of present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road

every Article of Housekeeping; and praying the from the Half-way House in the Parish of Lozver , House to take their same into Consideration, and Compton, in the County of through the Towns

. grant them such Relief as shall seem meet. . of and Chard, to the East End of the

; . And the said Petitions were severally ordered Town of ‘ Axminster, in the County of Devon, and also

to be referred to the Consideration of the several other Roads round the said Towns of Yeovil and

Committee, to whom the several other Pe- Chard, in the County of was presented to the

... . t.itions of the Innkeepers, Victuallers, and House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for repeal-

Publicans, are referred: And they are to ing Two Acts, one made in the Twenty-sixth Year of

examine the Matters of these Petitions; and the Reign of King the Second, and the other

report the fame, as they shall appear to them, in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present

to the House. ... Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Half-

way House, in the Parish of Lower Compton, in the Tholtiiorpe, Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, according County of Dorset, through the Towns of Yeovil, fec.inclosure to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the erne, and ,to the East End of the Town of Ax-

B'lJ, prdented. Qpen Fiei<jSj lngS> Commons, and Waste Grounds, minster, in the County of Devon, and several other Roads

within the Townships of Tholthorpe and F/azvith, in the therein mentioned; and also, for repealing so much of Parish of Alne, in the North Riding of the County of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of York: And the same was received; and read the First His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading Time. from the Town of Taunton, in the county of,

Resolved, That the Bill be read aSecond Time. as relates to repairing the Road from the Direction

Poll in Widcombe Moor, through Lane, to

‘Ciritonand A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Chard-, and for making more effectual Provision for wTfureBUl Common Fields, Ings, Marshes, Common, Commonable those Purposes, and for altering and diverting certain committed/ ' Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parts of the said Roads; and Setting forth, That, since Township of Carlton, in the Parish of Snaith, and the the Introduction of the Uriel Bill, it has been represented Manor and Township of Camblesforth, in the Parish of to the Petitioners, that it would be injurious and incon-Drax, in the West Riding of the County of York, was venient to certain Individuals, if the Whole of the said read a Second Time. last Branch of Road was discontinued: And therefore

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry praying. That they may be enabled to continue so much Lascelles, Mr. Baukes, &c.: And they are to meet of the said last mentioned Branch of Road as leads from this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's a Place, called in or near the Parish of West

Chamber. Coker, to the First Cross Road beyond Pye Corner, in the

t Parish of Odcombe, in the said County of Somerset, the

Ripon Road Sir James Graham presented to the House, according Whole of the Road intended to be continued not be-

Bill, picfented. to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering ing more than One Mile and One Furlong, to which the

and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the major Part in Value of the Creditors are consenting. Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty and that Provision may be made in the said Bill for . King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the such Purpose.

Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to , That the said Petition do lie upon the

repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of Table.

Ripon, by Ingram Bank, to the To.|yn of Pateley Bridge x Ordered,

4© Geo. III. 216

399

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Petition, Leave be granted, that Notices may be given at the present Haft or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of

'merfet, and Three Times in some One Newspaper; pub-liflied in the said County, in the present Month of April, and in the Month of May next, or either of them, of the Application to Parliament for the Purposes mentioned in the said Petition.

Southampton Mr. Pettruddocke Wynd presented to the House, ac-rJS|3!niUry cording to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in presented. the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town and County of the Town of Southampton to the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts.: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lanark Roads Mr. MiDowallreported from the Committee, to

Petition, re- whom the Petition of the Persons, whose Names are Pot, ed thereunto subscribed. Owners of Land in the County of Lanark, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House» relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth } viz.

To prove the; Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourteenth " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, v " An Act to continue the Terms of Two Acts, made'

" in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the " Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

" for repairing several Roads leading into the City of " Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the Roads from " the City of Glasgow to Yokerbridge, to Renfrew " Bridge, to the Three Mile House, to the Town of " Airdrie, and from the Village of Gorba/s, to the Chapel of Cambuslang, in the Counties of Lanark and " Re>‘J rew, so far as respects the Road from the Toll " House, in Paiftey Loan, at the West Side of the Entry " to the New Bridge of Glasgow, by or near " to the East End of the Bridge at Renfrew, and from " Parkhouse to the Three Mile House in the County of " Lanark, and for more effectually making, repairing,

" widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads," was read: And,

A Member present informed Your Committee, That a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed in pursuance of the Powers granted by the said Act, upon the Credit of the Tolls collected upon the Road from Parkhouse to the Three Mile House, which is still unpaid; and that great Progress has been made in making, repairing, and widening the said Road, but that the Road cannot be effectually made, widened, and kept in Repair, nor the Money borrowed be repaid, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and some further and other Powers granted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much'of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, as relates to the Road from Parkhouse, to or near the Three Mile House, in the County of Lanark: And that Mr. M‘Dowall and Mr. Pringle do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Report on A Motion being made, That the Report which, upon

M'X°Scfnal Day thisinstant April, was made from the Bill,"further Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintain *

conGdeied. VoL. CC.

ing a Navigable Canal from the River Thames, near to the Town of Gravesend, in the County of Kent, to the River Medzvay, at a Place called Nicholson's Skip Yard,

in the Pari fit of Frindsbury, in the said County, and also a certain Collateral Cut from White Wall, in the said Parish, to the said River Medway, was re-committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Confederation;

And the House being informed. That printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon Thnrfdaylaft, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into farther Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Llanfwrog, in the County of Denbigh, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Williams, Sir Watkin Williams Wynne, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, and also fhe Waste Lands and Grounds, within the several Parishes of Han-worth, Feltham, and Sunbury, in the County of was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Main-waring, Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Two A<fls, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for opening, making, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Ratcliff Highway, through Cannon Street, in the County of Middlesex, into the Road leading into the County of Essex, and also from the West End of Brook Street, into Cable Street, and from Upper Shadwell Street into the Back Lane, in the said County of Middlesex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -rearing, Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed for widening and repairing the High Road leading from Heron Syke, which divides the Counties of Lancaster and Westmorland, to the Town of Kirkby in Kendal, and from the said Town of Kirkby in Kendal, through the Town of Shap, to Emont Bridge, in the said County of West-morland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one'Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed for widening and repairing the High Road leading from Heron Syke, which divides the Counties of Lancaster and Westmorland, to the Town of Kirkby in Kendal, and from the said Town of Kirkby

in

Llanfwrog Inclosure Bill, committed.

Hanworth, &c. Inclosure Bill, committed.

Ratcliff Highway Road Bill, committed.

Heron Syke and Emont Bridge Road Bill, passed.

Enfliam Ih-dolute BilJ, committed.

Brooke Inclosure Bill, committed.

Aa for Relief of Papirts, to be confuiered.

Church Leases Bill, commit ttd

Committee on re committed Exchequer Bills Bill, on . Credit of Supplies *

icftnj&ion.

400 ai° Ap. 1800.

m KenJal, through the Town of Skap, to Emont in the said County of Westmorla

Ordered, That Sir Michael Le Fleming do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, and a Trad of Heath Land, within the Parish of En-sham, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Peters, Lord Charles Spencer, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Fen Grounds, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Brooke, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Henry Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock; in the Speaker's Chamber.

Tire House was moved, That an Act, made in the Thirtyrfirft Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to relieve, upon Conditions, and " under restrictions, the Persons therein described, from " certain Penalties and liabilities to which Papists, or " Persons protefling the PopifhReligion, are by Law subject," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 29th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

A Bill for explaining and amending several Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of King Henry the Eighth, and the First, Thirteenth, and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as respects Leases granted by Archbishops, Bishops, Mailers and Fellows of Colleges, Deans and Chapters of Cathedral and Collegiate Churches, and others having Spiritual Promotion, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, to an Amount to be limited, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause to unable the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance for the Public Service, in Calli or Bullion, to be remitted Abroad, any such Sum as they shall judge expedient, from Time to Time, not exceeding in the Whole the Amount which has been, or shall be, granted in this Session of Parliament on Account of Fo- reign Subsidies or Services Abroad.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. '

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Cjiairv

x

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Neutral si.ii Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to B"'1 iei ort^. permit the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Countries in America, belonging to any Foreign European Sovereign or State, in Neutral Ships, for a Time to be limited, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. *

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Bill for hetttr further Confederation the Report from the Committee fffff 1 . '?" of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and s' amend an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the better Regulation of Mills," was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 29th Day of this Instant April.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, sage^peaing to take into Consideration His Majesty's most Gracious nUnio w»u» Message of the 2d Day of this Instant April, commu- IreUnJ nicating to this House the Resolutions of the Lords and Commons of Ireland, respecting an Union between the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, with their Address to His Majesty thereupon, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Resolutions of both Houses of Parliament in the last Session, respecting an Union between Great Britain and Ireland, and their Address to His Majesty thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Matters to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of His Majesty's said most Gracious Message.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

And it being after Twelve of the Clock on Tuesday Morning; .

Ordered, That the Bill to extend the Provisions of an Vagrant Bill, Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of deferred King' George the Second, intituled, "An Act to amend,

" and make more effectual, the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly " Persons, and to Houses of Correction," be read a Second Time this Day.

Ordered,

Oats Bounty Bill, deterred.

Ways and Means, deferred *

Supply, deferred.

Bill respecting the Duties on SaltPetre, de» ievred.

Militia Pay Bill, deferred.

Militia Officers Allowances Bill, deferred *

Committee on

Act respecting Duties on Sugar and Coffee, deferred.

Petitions of Innkeepers, &c.

40 Geo. III. 210 — 22

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting a Bounty on the Importation of Oats, for a Timp to be limited, was committed, be received this Day.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty-

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Iaft Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for permitting certain Goods imported from the East Indies to " be warehoused, >and for repealing the Duties now payable thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof," as relates to Salt Petre.

Ordered, That the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, be read a Second Time this Day.

Ordered, That the Bill for granting certain Allowances to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants, of Militia, disembodied, under an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An AftTor enabling His Majesty to accept the Services of an additional Number " of Volunteers from the Militia, under certain Restrictions," be read a Second Time this Day.

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Sugar imported and " exported, and on Coffee exported; and for reducing " the Drawbacks now allowed on the Exportation of " Sugar," as imposes Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Martis, 2 20 die Apr His;

Anno 40® Georgii III'" Regis, 1800. Prayers.

A PETITION of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the county of : And also,

A Petition of the Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Borough of H in the County of Sussex: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers and Publicans of the Town and Port of -Hafings: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the City of Rochester, and the Town of Strood, in the County of Kent: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, on Behalf of themselves, and others, of the Town and Parish of Maidstone: And also,

A Petition of the Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Borough of New Shoreham, and Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of signed there-

unto: And also,

Vol. 55.

Apnlis. 40I

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Vic tuallers, and Publicans, of the Town of , in

the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers and Publicans of Tadcafa, in the County of York, and County of the City of York: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Town of in

the West Riding of the County of and the Neigh; bourhood thereof: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Town of,

and Neighbourhood, in the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Town of King ft on upon Hull, and Neighbourhood thereof;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the Losses which the Petitioners alledge they sustain from the Quartering of Horse and Foot Soldiers, on Account of the high Price of Hay and Straw, and the Dearness of every Article of Housekeeping; and praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the several other Petitions of the Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, are referred: And they are to examine the Matters of these Petitions j and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving, the Open Fields, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of" Lud~ ham, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 29. 1. 14. To leave out "or Lords."

Pr. 31. 1. 4. After "demited," to insert " or retained as aforesaid."

Pr. 47. 1. c. After " the" to insert " Open Fields."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House, and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving, the Open Fields, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Ludham, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir Marlin Browne Folkes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. William Taylor presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Leominster Canal Navigation to finish and complete the same, and to pay their Debts, and for altering and amending Two Acts, passed for making and maintaining the said Navigation: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. M‘ Dowallpresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgowas relates to the Road from Parkhouse, to or near the Three Mile House, in the County of Lanark: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

5 K A Blit

Ludham Inclosure and Drainage Bill, passed.

Leominster Canal Bill, presented.

Lanark Roads Bill, presented.

4o2 22° Apri A. 1800.

liorrowftown. A Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the »ef» Ro«d Bill, Powers, of an Act, paflecf in the Twenty-first Year of committ . fjje Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and

widening the Road leading from the Port of Jiownness, by the West of the Borough of,

and by the Towns of , and

burni, and from thence Southward to the Confines of the County of Linlithgow, at or near , was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William Dundas, Mr. Banket,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Petition for A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are I^eto^e. thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for repairing several i'or'i^patring1' Roads, in the County of Surrey, herein after mentioned, Surrey Roads, was prefen ted to the House, and read j Setting forth, That an Act was passed, in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from , in the County of Surrey, through the Borough of Reigate, by Sidlow to PoveyCrofs, and from Sutton aforesaid, through and

over Howell Hill, to Ewe, and also the Road from Tad-worth, by the Windmill, to the Bottom of Pebble in the said County; and that an Act was passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term granted by the said Act, and for empowering the Trustees, appointed by an Act, of the Tenth Year of King George the First, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Surrey and Sussex, to make a Yearly Allowance to the Trustees, appointed by the said Act of the Twenty-eighth of George the Second, and for taking certain Roads out of the Power of the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the Tenth of George the First, and putting them under the Direction of the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the Twenty-eighth of George the Second, and for repairing the Road from Povey Cross, in the County of Surrey, to the Oak dividing the Counties of Surrey and Sussex, and allb the Road from Woodhatch to Peteridge Lane, in the County of Surrey; and that, it having been intended o apply to Parliament, in the present Session, for an Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Acts, the necessary Orders were made by the said Trustees, and proper Notices of such intended Application given, according to the Standing Orders of the House} and that, in pursuance of such Intention, the Clerk to the said Trustees, On the 3d Day of March last, sent to his Agent in London Directions to procure the Form of a Petition, to be presented to the House; and that the several Acts of Parliament and Instructions were put into a Box, with other Papers, and lent to the House of the said Agent but no Letter having been sent by the Poll, and the said Agent being absent from London, his Clerks did not open the Box, so that, owing to his Absence, the said Instructions were not received by him until his Return to London, which was on the 16 th Day of March last, being after the Time limited by the House for receiving Petitions for Private Bills; and that the District of Roads under the Care of the Petitioners, and others, Trustees as aforesaid, is very extensive} and that Barracks having been erected, in the'Summer of the Year 1796, at Horsham, in the County of Sussex, and the Timber for building the same having been carried along the said Roads, they were worn and destroyed, by the heavy Weights passing thereon, to such a Degree as to render it impracticable for the Trustees, with their present Funds, to repair the fame, although the whole Produce of the Tolls has been expended thereon; and that it is expedient, for the Accommodation of the Public, and the better providing for the Payment of the large Sums of Money borrowed, and now owing, with a considerable Arrear of Interest on the Credit of the said Acts, that the Term thereby granted and continued should be enlarged, that the Tolls collected on {he said Roads should be increased, and that several Al-

terations and Amendments, in the Powers of the said Acts, should be made as speedily as an Act can be obtained for those Purposes: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to present a Petition for a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Acts.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Leave gireo, Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, asdefired by the said Petitioners.

Then a Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Petition pre. are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for repairing rentcJ-several Roads, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations as the last preceding Petition; and praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering, amending, and enlarging, the Powers, of the said Acts, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cocks, Mr. See.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Adair presented to the House, according to Pancras Par. Order, a Bill for cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, >ng. &c- Bill, and otherwise improving and keeping in Repair, such pieu:ne Parts of certain Streets, called Gower Street, Upper Gozver Street, Francis Street, Thornhaugh Street, and Upper Thornkaugk Street, and the Public Passages and Places adjoining thereto, as are formed and made upon certain Pieces or Plots of Ground belonging to the most Noble Francis Duke of Bedford, within the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, and for

forming, paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise improving and keeping in Repair, the Streets, Squares, and other Public Passages and Places, which are and shall be made upon certain other Pieces or Plots of Ground, in the said Parish of Saint Pancras, belonging to the said Francis Duke of Bedford:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Adair presented to the House, according to Or- Bloomfbur, der, a Bill for incloting and embellishing the Centre or Area of a certain Square, intended- to be called Russell Square, purposed to be made in the Parish of Saint George,

Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex, and for forming and making the same into a Pleasure Ground, and for continuing and keeping the same in Repair: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ferguson reported from the Committee, to whom Perth Roafr the Petition of Sir William Nairne, of Dunstnnan, in the

r r 0 J r tition, report-.

County of Perth, Baronet, One of the Senators of the $d.

College of Justice, and of the other Persons thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that {the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio wet h; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth, and for explaining and amending an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, in the County of Perth: — Also, an Act, passed in

the

fcrder for Bill discharged, and another ordered.

Petition of Bakers of Canterbury.

Wei ford Inclosure Bill, reported.

40 Geo. III. 22° Aprilis. 403

the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, had been complied with; and that the Committee had for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of His present to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Majesty's Reign, for repairing certain Roads in the Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee j County of Perth, and for making and repairing the and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and.

Road from Crieff, towards Stirling and Alloa, and other made several Amendments thereunto, which they had Roads in the said County, were read: — And, directed him to report to the House; and he read the

A Member present informed Your Committee, That Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, it would be of great Advantage to the Public, if Provi- with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where lion was made in the Bill now depending in Parliament, the Amendments were Once read throughout; and for enlarging the Powers of so much of the said Acts then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques-as respects the Road from Cupar, or the Neighbourhood tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the thereof, towards Glammis, as far as the Confines of the House.

said County, to amend the said Acts, so far as respects Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be the whole Line of Road from Perth to Cupar, and to ingrafted, the Confines of the County of Perth, and to lay an in-

creased Toll on the Whole of the said Line. A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition reh-

The House was moved. That the Order made upon thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, the 5th Day of March last, That Leave be given to interested in the Drainage and Improvement of certain &c. Drainage.

" bring in a Bill to enlarge the Powers of so much of Low Lands within the several Parishes herein after men-

" Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth and Thirty- tioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting

" third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for forth. That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House

" making and repairing certain Roads in the County of on the 4th Day of March last, Notices were given on " Perth, as respects the Road from Cupau or the Neigh- Three Sundays in the said Month of March, and in the bourhood thereof, towards Glammis, as far as the Con- present Month of April, by affixing the same upon the " fines of the said County," might be read. Church Doors of the several Parishes of Eafi

And the said Order being read accordingly. Flotmanby, West Flolmanby, Folkton,

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. Wilier by, Gau/on, Poller, Brompton,

The House was also moved. That the Report which, burne, East Hejlerton, Wft Hefterton, upon the 5th Day of March last, was made from the ton, Winteringham, Rillington,

Comnfittee, to whom the Petition of the Persons, whose Setterington, and Norton, in the East Riding of the Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners of Land in the County of York, and also on the Church Doors of the County of Perth, was referred, might be again read. several Parishes of Old Malton, Pickering, Thornton,

And the same being read accordingly; lerfton, Ebberston, Yeddingham Abbey, -

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for ton, Rufton, Wykeham, Hutton West Ayton, East

enlarging the Powers of so much of Two Acts, made in Ayton, Orton, Caylon, , Grifthorpe,

the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-third Years of the Reign Hackness, and Sca/by, in the North Riding of the said of His present Majesty, for making and repairing certain County, of the Application to Parliament for Leave to Roads in the County of Perth, as relates to the Road bring in a Bill for draining, embanking, and preserving, from Penh to Cupar, or the Neighbourhood thereof, certain Tracts of Low Lands within the said Parishes: towards Glammis, as far as the Confines of the said And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to County: And that Mr. Ferguson and Mr. William Dun- bring in a Bill for draining, embanking, and preserving, das do prepare, and bring in, the fame. the said Low Lands, by such Ways and Means, and in

such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Bakers redding in the City of Can- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the terbury, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-forth, That the Petitioners have been informed, that in amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall future the ^ffize of Bread is to be set to Eighty-four appear to them, to the House:

Quartern Loaves to the Sack of Flour, and the Peti- And it is referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Henry tioners therefore have thought it their Duty to acquaint celles, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, the House of the Impossibility of its being done, as they at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and are obliged by Law to make full Weight; and that a have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sack of Flour made into Quartern Loaves will not produce more than Eighty such Loaves, with the Allowance A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and The Lords of Flour used in getting it in the Oven, and made and Mr. Pepys: h»re agreed to

baked in a Workman-like Manner; and the Petitioners Mr. Speaker,

beg the House to consider of the additional Duties on The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Volunteer Salt, and the advanced Price of Wood, Coals, &c. being, for indemnifying Persons serving in Volunteer Corps, Corps indem-with every necessary Article used in the Business, almost who have omitted to take out Certificates for wearing mty 1 '

trebled since the Act that now regulates the Assize was Hair Powder, and to amend so much of an Act, made'

made: And therefore praying, That the House will take in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-their same into Consideration, and grant an Increase of jesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty their Profits, so as they may be enabled to procure the " a Duty on Certificates issued for using Hair Powder,"

Necessaries of Life by their Industry. as relates to the exempting Persons serving in Volunteer

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Corps, and certain Officers in His Majesty's Navy serv-Considerat ion of the Committee, to whom the Bill for ing on the Establishment of the Royal Hospital ^t better regulating the Price and Assize of Bread is corq- Greenwich, from the said Duty; and for obliging Permitted. fons, claiming to be exempt from the Duties on Horses

provided and furnished for Volunteer Corps, to deliver Mr. EJlcoiirt reported from the Committee, to whom Certificates thereof to the proper Officers; without any the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Amendment: And also,

and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Common The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Kincardine Meadows, within such Part of the Parish of Welford as for making and repairing the Road from the Town of Roads Bul is within the County of Gloucester, was committed ;That Stonehaven, through The Slug-mount to the new Bridge the Committee had examined, and found that the Stand- over the River Dee at in the County of Fin-

ing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of friclosure, car dine; without any Amendment: And also,

Vol. 55. The

Wakefield and Auster lands Road Bill *

Skelmanthorpe-Inclosurt Bill.

Denby Inclosure Bill, with an Amend-menu

Accounts of Produce of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, presented.

Petition of Woollen Manufacturers of Gioucelter.

404 22 Apr His. A. 1800.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act For continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the ', and in the

Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wakefield to Aufierlands, in the West Riding of the County of York j without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Parcels of Common, Moor, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Skelmanthorpe, in the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Field, or Mesne Inclosure, Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Denby, otherwise Denby with Clayton West, in the West Riding of the County of York j with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of the Total Produce of the Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, respectively, for One Year ended the 5th Day of January 1800; distinguishing, as far as possible in each Branch, the Pro-, duce on every separate Article, the Duties on which have amounted to £. 1,000. or more, in the Four Quarters of the said Year: And also,

An Account of the Total Net Produce paid into the Exchequer of the Duties of Customs; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to £. 1,000. or more, in the Four Quarters- ended the 5th January 1800: And also.

An Account of the Total Net Produce of the Duties of Excise, distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to £. 1,000. or more, in the Four Quarters ending the 5th January 1800: And also,

An Account of the Total Net Produce of the Duties of Stamps, distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which have amounted to £. 1,000. or more, in the Four Quarters ending the 5th January 1800: And also.

An Account of the Total Net Produce paid into the Exchequer under the Head of Incidents, distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to £. 1,000. or more, in the Four Quarters ended the 5th January 1800.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Manufacturers and others, concerned in the Woollen Trade, of the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by One of the Articles of the proposed Union between Great Britain and Ireland, the Petitioners observe, with extreme Concern, that Wool, the Growth of this Country, may be imported into the Sifter King-'dom; and that the Petitioners beg Leave - to impress upon the House the very great Importance and Value of the Woollen Trade, and to remind the House of the especial Care which the Legislature has taken, from Time to Time, to preserve to this Country the exclu-five Consumption of its own Wool; and that the Petitioners do humbly represent, that the Wool, the Growth

of this Country, is not more than equal to the Demands of the Manufacturers, as is sufficiently demonstrated by the very increased Prices which Wools have of late Years borne; and that the Petitioners feel a most serious Alarm at the Consequences that mult result from allowing Wool to be sent out of the Kingdom under any Circumstances, as such a Measure must inevitably facilitate the illicit Exportation of it to Foreign Countries; and that the Petitioners on these Grounds are deeply im-prelfed with the Conviction that such a Meafare, if passed into a Law, would materially affect the Manufacturing and Landed Interests of the Country, and would operate as a moll serious Check on the Industry and Labour of the lower dalles, at present so extensively employed in the various Branches of the Woollen Manufacture: And therefore praying, That the Exportation of Wool to Ireland may not be permitted by any Law to be passed by the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the £onsideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of His Majesty's most Gracious Message of the 2d Day of this Instant April, communicating to this House the Resolutions of the Lords and Commons of respecting an Union

between the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, with their Address to His Majesty thereupon.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

A Return to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 22d of January 1800, for An " Account, shewing how the Public Monies remaining " in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th January " 1799, together with the Monies paid into the same " during the Year ending the 5th Jamary 1800, — and " the Monies paid out of the Net Produce of the Revenues of the said Year in Anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt, together with the Amount of the " Exchequer, Navy, and Transport Bills ilTu^d and " not redeemed during the said Year, hast been actually " applied; — distinguishing the Total Amount of the " Sums applied to the following Heads of Service: — " ill. The Interest of the Public Funded Debt, together with the Charges of Management, the Sums " applicable to its Reduction, the usual Grant for the " same Purpose, and interest for the Debt upon Iraperial Loans: — 2dly, The Interest on Exchequer " Bills: — 3dly, The Civil List: — 4thly, The other " Charges on the Consolidated Fund, specifying the " Amount of those incurred for Courts of justice, Mint, " Pensions, Salaries and Allowances, and Bounties: — " jjthly. The Civil Government of: — 6thly,

" The other Payments in Anticipation of the Exche " quer Receipt, specifying the Amount of those incurred for Pensions, Bounties, and Militia and Deserters Warrants: — 7thly, The Navy, specifying the

Amount of Monies respectively paid for Salaries to " the Admiralty, Navy, and Navy Pay Offices, for " Wages, Bounty, Flag-pay, Half-pay, and Pensions, " for Dock Yards, Building of Ships, Stores, Pilotages, " and Contingencies, for the Marines, for the Victualling, for the Sick and Wounded, for Transports, and " for Prisoners of War in Health: — Stilly, The Ordnance, specifying the Amount of Monies paid for Services at Home and Abroad respectively: — 9thly, The " Army, specifying the Amount bf Monies paid on Account of the Ordinary Services, videlicet, for Regulars, Fencibles, Militia, Invalids, and Volunteer Corps, " for Barracks, for Staff Officers and Officers of Garrisons, for Half-pay, for Widows Pensions, for Chelsea " Hospital, for Foreign Corps, for Exchequer Fees, " and for Pay of Public Officesspecifying also, the " Amount of Monies paid to the Extraordinary Services " of the Army, and the principal Articles thereofiothly, Loans, Remittances, and Advances to other " Coutjtries, specifying the Total Amount paid to them respectively:

Accounts relative to Public Expenditure and Unfunded Debt &c. presented *

40 Ge6. III. 22° Jprilis. 405

u respectively: — 1 ithly MHcellaneous Services, speci-«« tying the Amount of the Monies paid for Services at Home and Abroad respectively: — and, lastly, speci-u fying the Amount of any Public Monies applied to other Public Services, if any, not hereinbefore enu- merated; inclosing.

Appendix (B.) An Account of Interest paid oh Exchequer Bills, from the 5th January 1799 to the 5th January 1800;

Appendix (C.) An Account of the Charges upon the Consolidated Fund in the Year 1799, ex-dulive of the Interest of the Public Debt, and of the Payments upon Exchequer Bills; distinguishing the same under the several Heads of Civil List, Courts of Justice, &c. Mint, other Salaries and Allowances, and Bounties;

Appendix (D.) A Lift of all such Sum and Sums of Money as are incurred and become due upon His Majesty's Establishment for Civil Affairs within Scotland, bearing Date the 19th Day of June 1761, for One Year, from the 5th Day of January 1799, exclusive, to the 5th Day of January i8co, inclusive;

Appendix (E. 1.) An Account of the Payments made in Anticipation of the Exchequer Receipts, out of the Post Office Revenue;

Appendix (E. 2,) An Account, shewing how the Public Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of 1799, to-

gether with the Monies paid into the fame, during the Year ending the 5th January 1800, and the Monies paid out of the Net Produce of the Revenues of the said Year, in Anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt, have been actually applied, so far as the same regards the Receipt of Excise in England, and can be ascertained at the Excise Office;

Appendix (E. 3.) An Account of Pensions which have been paid out of the Revenue of 4 per Cent in Anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt, in the Year ending 5th January 1800;

Appendix (E. 4.) A Return relative to Payments in Anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt incurred for Militia and Deserters Warrants, during the Year ending the 5th January 1800;

Appendix (F. 1.) An Account, shewing the Amount of the Monies received from His Majesty's Exchequer for Naval Services, between the 5th January 1799 and the 5th January 1800; distinguishing the Services to which the same have been applied;

Appendix (F. 2.) An Account, shewing the Amount of Monies received from the Exchequer, between the 5th January 1799 and the <th January 1800; distinguishing the Services to which the same have been applied;

Apj)enclix (F. 3.) An Account, specifying the Amount of Monies paid for the Service of the Office for Sick and Wounded Seamen, between the 5th January 1799 and the 5th January 1800;

Appendix (F. 4.) An Account of the Amount of the Monies received from His Majesty's Exchequer, for the Service of Transports and Prisoners of War, between the 6th January 1799 and 5th January 1800;

Appendix (G.) An Account of Monies paid by the Office of Ordnance, in the Year 1799, for Services at Home and Abroad respectively;

Appendix (H.) An Account of Monies paid for the Service of the Army, from 2£th December 1798 to 24th December 1799, both mclusive;

Appendix (I.) An Account of Loans and Remittances to Russia and Ireland, for the Year 1799;

Appendix (K.) An Account, shewing how the Public Monies remaining in the Receipt of the VOL. 55.

Exchequer, on the 5th Day of January 179^, together with the Monies paid into the same during the Year ended the 5th Day of January 1800, have been actually applied, as far as relates to Miscellaneous Services, specifying the Amount of the Monies paid for Services at Home and Abroad respectively: And also,

A Return to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 2 2d January 1800, for " An Account of the Unfunded Debt, and Demands out(landing, on the 5th of January 1800, under the " Heads of Exchequer, Treasury, Army, Barracks,

" Ordnance, Navy, Civil List Advances, and any other " Heads of Public Service, specifying the famedif-

" tinguishing under each Head respectively the Particu *

" lars of which such Debts or Demands consisted " and also, what Part of the said Debts or Demands " was then provided for and in what Manner, and what Part thereof was then unprovided for;" inclosing,

Appendix (A.) An Account of the Unfunded Debt in Exchequer Bills outstanding on the 5th. of January 1800;

Appendix (B, 1.) An Account of tlje, Unfunded Debt and Demands outstanding on the 5th January 1800, under the Heads of Exchequer, Treasury, Army, Barracks, Ordnance, Navy, Civil List Advances, and any other Head of Public Service, specifying the same; distinguishing, under each Head respectively, the Particulars of which such Debts or Demands confided, and also, what Part of the said Debts or Demands was then provided for, and in what Manner, and what Part thereof was then unprovided for;

Appendix (B. 2.) An Account of Warrants for Army Services due and unpaid on the 5th of January 1800, and of Treasury Bills accepted previous to, and on, the 5th of January 1800, due subsequent to that Day;

Appendix (C.) An Account of Demands for Army Services outstanding on the 25th December 1799; distinguishing the Particulars of which the same conlifted;

Appendix (D.) A Statement of the Demands outstanding for Barracks, on the 5th of January 1800;

Appendix (E.) An Account of Demands on the Ordnance outstanding on the 3th January 1800; distinguishing the Particulars of which such De-'mands consist; and also, what Part of the said Demands was then provided for, and in what Manner, and what Part thereof was then unprovided for;

Appendix (F.) An Account of the Amount of the Unfunded Debt of His Majesty's Navy, and of all Demands outstanding on the 31st December 1799; distinguishing the Particulars of which the same conlift, and also, what Part of the said Debt was provided for;

Appendix (G.) An Account of Monies advanced for Public Services from the Civil List (not being Part of the Ordinary Expenditure of thfc-Civil List), and which had not been replaced by Parliament on the 5th January 1800, specifying the General Heads of Service for which any of the said Monies were advanced, and the Total Amount of the Advance on each Head respectively.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That fu£h a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Ulb of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other lepers of this Session.

3 L A Message

The Lords have agiccil to

Tlaflingdon Roads Bill.

Nonnnnton upon Trent Ii.clolure Bill.

Poor RclieF

B ll, with Amendments.

Vagrant Bill *

committed.

Oats Bounty Billy reported

406

22

Aprilis.

A. 1800:.

A "MeUage from the Lords, by Mr. Holfordand

Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, turning, varying, altering, and keeping in Repair, l'everal Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, dreds of Stoke, , and in the County

l'o far as the same relates to the Road from Hafingdtn to of Buckingham.

Todmorden, being the Second District of the said Roads,

Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to' the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Commissioner, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Shire of , in the room of

Sir Hew Hamilton Dalrymple Baronet, who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hun-

Haddmeton Shirt Writ.

and for making and maintaining a Branch therefrom, at or near a Place called. Fear ns, in , to

Edge Side, in the same Booth, and another Branch therefrom, at or near a Place called Robert's Mill, in

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Commissioner, to lerve in this present Parliament, for the Di ft rift of Burghs of Kirkcudbright,

Kirkcud-

bright,

Wriw

Bacup Booth, into the Rochdale Turnpike Road, in the Dumfries, Lochmaben, Annan, and Sanquhar, in the room

Parish of Spot/and, all in the said County Palatine of Lancaster; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, regulating, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Normanton upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intitpled. An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Relief of the Poor within the several Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, in that Part of Great Britain called England, incorporated by divers Acts of

of the Honourable Alexander Hope, who, since his Election for the said District of Burghs, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty's Manor of East Hen-dred, in the County of Berks.

Member adJed to bring in Scoich Small Debts Bilk.

Ordered, That Mr. William. Dunbe added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to amend, arid make perpetual, an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more ealy and expeditious Recovery of Small Debts, and determining Small " Causes, arising out of Personal Contrail or Obligation,

" in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland."

Mr. William Dundas presented to the House, accord- Bill pjefented.

Parliament for the Purpose of the better Maintenance ing to Order, a Bill to amend, and make perpetual, an

and Employment of the Poor, and for enlarging the Powers of the Guardians of the Poor within the said several Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, as to the Assessments to be made upon the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, within their respective Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, for the Support and " Maintenance of the Poor;" with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

u

u

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to amend- and " make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues,

" Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and " to Houses of Correction,"' be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. '

Refo/ved,'That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. William Dundas do make thC Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom ingrafted.

Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more ealy " and expeditious Recovery of Small Debts, and determining Small Causes, arising out of Personal Contraft " or Obligation, in that'Part of Great Britain called " Scotland:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

V

Mr. Bragge, according to Oalcr, reported from the Committee of the whole Eloufe, to whom the hill to enable the Lords CommissioneFS of His Majesty's Trca- repoitej. fury to ifi'uc Exchequer Bills, to.an Amount to be limited, on the Credit of lueft Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred, was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to die Billrand which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Exdyquer Bills ru-coti^. mitred Bill,

the Bill for granting a Bounty on the Importation of Oats, for a Time to be limited, was committed.

Mr. William Dundas accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Tjoie

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Father Cm-Thursday last, for taking into further Consideration, To- 1‘Jcr'lll->n ul morrow, the Report which was made from the Selcft Committee appointed to consider of the most oftcftual Means of facilitating, under the Authority of Parliament, the Inclosurfc and Improvement of the Waste, uninclosed, and Unproductive Lands, Commons, Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, and Common of Pasture, in this Kingdom, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered,

Report on Waste Lands,

tlJciiid.

Committee on King' Mef-sage respecting an Union with. Ireland.

Bill for settling Disputea between Masters and Servants, deferred.

Innkeeper *

deferred.

Neutral Ships Bill, deferred.

Bill respecting \ the Duties on

[ Salt Petre, de-

ferred.

.Militia Pay Bill, committed.

Militia OHU cers Allowances Bill, committed.

40 Geo. III. 220 — 23" Aprilis 407

Ordered, That the said Order be difehatged. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Consideration upon Monday Morning next. of the whole House.

RefolThat this House will, Tomorrow tyorning,' Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, the said- Bill, to consider further of His Majesty's most Gracious Mef-

sage of the 2d Day of this Instant April, communicating The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committceo to this House the Resolutions of the Lords and Com- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Dmieson^u^ mons of Ireland, respecting an Union between the King- consider of lo much of an Act, made in the last Sefliion g ranJCoffee doms of Great Britain and Ireland, with their Address to of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His deferred.

His Majesty thereupon, be now read. Majesty certain additional Duties on Sugar imported

And the said Order being read accordingly; " and exported, and on Coffee exported; and for re-

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. " ducing the Drawbacks now allowed on the Expor- Mr. Speaker left the Chair. " tation of Sugar," as imposes Duties on Sugar and

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee. Coffee exported;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That they next, resolve itself into the said Committee. , had made a further Progress in the Matters to them

referred; and that he was directed by the Committee Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Holmptoninto move, that they may have Leave to fit again, whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the clofu"\-'jora-

Resolved, That this House will, upon ThursdayMorn- Open Fields and Balks, or Pieces of Common and Waite' ^orttd.' ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Ground, within the Township of Holmpton, in the Pa-House, to consider further of His Majesty's said most rilhes of Holmpton and Hollym cum in

Gracious Message. ness, in the East Riding of the County of York, was re-1

committed; That the Committee had made several other The Order erf- the Day being read, for the Second Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him Reading of the Bill for the better settling of Disputes to report to the House; and he read the Report in hii between Mailers and Mistresses of Families and their Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-Menial or Domestic Servants; ments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amend *

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time ments were Once read throughout; and then a Second upon this Day Sevennight. ‘ Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally

v put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to - Ordered, That- the Bill, with the Amendments, be resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ingrossed.

the Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be

paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers; And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Morning, Ten of the Clock,

next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to permit the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Countries in America, belonging to any Foreign Sovereign of

State, in Neutral Ships, for a Time to be limited;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

' The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Tefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for

permitting certain Goods imported from The East " Indies to be warehoused, and for repealing the Duties " how payable thereon, and granting other Duties in " lieu thereof," as relates to Salt Petre;

ReJ'elved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A BilMor defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upoirthe said Bill.

A Bill for granting certain Allowances to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants of Militia, disembodied, under an Act of this Session of Parliament,' intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to accept the Services of an additional Number of Volunteers from the " Militia, under certain Restrictions," wafc according to Order; read a Second Time . '

VCL. 55.

Mercurii, 23° die Aprilis j

Anno 40° Georgii IIIai Regis, 1800.

Prayers.

LORD Viscount Stopford reported to the House, Answ rt.

That their Address of Thursday last (that His Ma- Addr f jesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Offices, together with the Salaries and Emoluments annexed to the fame, tenable by, or actually held by, the present Members of the Irish Parliament) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

A Motion being made, That the Report which, upon Report on the 4th Day of this Instant April, was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for better enabling the ther consider-Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal to raise ed-Money for completing the said Canal, and to vary the Line of the said Canal, and to alter, explain, and amend the Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie u£On'tl)£

Table, be now taken into further Consideration. / 7 And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upofi Thursday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7 th Day of May 1794 5 '

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration. ‘

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Import into further Consideration.; ' '

And

Pwinoot of ltiukecpcrt.

Petition relative to Notices for Maldon Bridge.

408

3° Aprilis *

A. it

obi

And the Amendments made the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to some of them, agreed to, by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Borough of Nnvcajile under Lyme: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Towns of -

kerne, and Chard: And also,

A Petition of the Innkeepers resident in the City of York: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers and Publicans of the Town of in Suffolk: And

also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Borough of Derby: And also,

A Petition of the Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Town and Neighhourhoo4 of,

in the County of Warwick: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Town of,

in the North Riding of the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the City and County of the City of Exeter: And also,

A Petition of the Innkeepers and Victuallers in the Town of Bishop Stortford;

Were severally presented to the-House, and read; Complaining of the Losses which the Petitioners alledge they sustain from the Quartering of Horse. and Foot Soldiers, on Account of the high Price of Hay and Straw, and the Deamefs of every Article of Housekeeping; and praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the several other Petitions of the Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, are referred: And they are to examine the Matters of these Petitions; and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Inhabitants and Parishioners of the several Paiilhes of A I! Saints and Saint Peter, united, and Saint Mary, in the Town of in the County of

Ejffx, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and other the Inhabitants and Parishioners of the said several Paiilhes, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of the Leave granted by the House, on the 18th Day of last.

Notices have been given, it the EaJIcr Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden for the County of and also by Advertisement in The Essex of the Application

to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill for building a new Bridge over the River , or Blackwater, at

FuUbridge, in the Town of , in the County of

Essex, in fuel) and the like Manner as is required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House, of Applications intended to be made relative to Bills for building Bridges: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for building a new Bridge over the River Chelmer, or Blackwater, at in the

Town of Maldon, in the County of Essex.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof and report the same, as it ftaU appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Strutt, Mr. Western, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and'Records.

A Motion being made, That the Report which, upon Report 04 the 28 th Day of March last, was made from the Committe, to whom the Bill for amending the several Acts under Lyne polled for making, extending, finishing, and completing the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near djhtoti under Lyne and Oldham, and the several Cuts and other Works authorized to be made and done by the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal Navigation, and for granting to the said Company further and other Powers, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Tabic, be now taken into further Confide-ration.

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon.

Thursday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now' taken into fm> ther Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrpffed.

Ordered, That Mr. Buxton do make the Report from Farndith lathe Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows,

Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Farndish, in the Counties of Bedford and Northampton,

or One of them, was committed.

Mr. Buxton accordingly reported from the said Com- #

mittee, That the Committee had examined, and foun4 that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bill of Inclosure, haft been complied with and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Levemm R«& ifor uniting the North Mediety of the Rectory of XQ"t Ulll»

ton, in the County of Lincoln, with the South Mediety commul of the same Rectory, from and after the next Avoidance of either Benefice, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Buxton,

Mr. Baker, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Petition rtis-Town Council, of the City of Glasgow, for themselves, and on Behalf of the Community of the said City, was Police 0 presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That,

in pursuance of Leave granted by the House, on the 14th Day of February last. Notices have been given, at the last adjourned Sessions of the Peace, holdeu for the County of Lanark, avt Glasgow, and in a Newspaper, called The Glasgow Courier, published on the 27th Day

of

Holmpton Incloi'urc Bill,

Petition for incorporating the Asylum, related.

40 Geo. III. 23° Ap. 409

of February, and I ft and 4th Days of March 1800, of Application having been made to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill for paving, lighting, watching, and cleansing the Streets, for regulating the Police and Markets, and for giving certain Powers to the Magistrates of Glasgow, for the Benefit of the said City, in such and the like Manner as kre required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House relative to Paving Bills: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and iqclosing the Open Fields and Balks, or Pieces of Common and Waste Ground, within the Township of in the

Parishes of Holmpton and Hollym cum , in Hoi-

derness, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields and Waste Ground within the Township of Holmpton, in the Parishes at Holmpton and Hollym cum fVithernfea, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

1

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Guardians of the charitable Institution, commonly called The Asylum, or House of Refuge for the Reception of Orphan Girls, the Settlements of whose Parents cannot be found, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Reverend William Agutter, Chaplain and Secretary to The Asylum, being examined, said, That the Institution was entered into by several Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others, in the Year 1758, and that the same hath been from that Time carried on, in an House and Premises, situate in the Parish of Saint Mary, Lambeth, in the County of Surrey; that the Charity hath been supported by the Voluntary Subscriptions and Donations, and a great Number of Orphan Girls have been received into and maintained and educated thereby, and, at proper Ages, apprenticed therefrom; and that such Orphan Girls have not only been Iheltered and protested from Vice and Want, but carefully instructed in the Principles of Religion, and in Reading, Writing, Needlework, and Household Business, and trained to Habits of Industry and Regularity, whereby the Public have been, and continue to be, provided with a Supply of diligent and sober Female Domestic Servants: — And, being further examined, he said, That Experience hath shewn that this Charity hath been hitherto of considerable Use and Advantage to the Public, and that it is apprehended, if countenanced and supported by the Laws of the Realm, and established upon a permanent Foundation, and veiled with Powers for better enabling the Subscribers thereto to carry into Execution their charitable and useful Designs, the Charity would be of much more ex-

Vol. 55.

tensive Use, and of still greater Benefit and Advantage to the Public.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for establishing and well governing the charitable Institution, commonly called The Asylum, or House of Refuge for the Reception of Orphan Girls, the Settlements of whose Parents cannot be found; and for incorporating the Subscribers thereto, and for the better empowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful Designs: And that Mr. Wilberforce, the Lord Hawkefbwry, and Mr. Ryder, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, .An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Town of Denbigh to the Town of Saint " Asaph, and from thence to the Town and Port of " Rutkland ,in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint, and for repealing an Act, mode in the Thirty-second Year " of his late Majesty -King George the Second, lo far as " the same relates to the said Road," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wat-kin Williams, Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufactureers, and Wool Dealers, of the City of Norwich, and County of the same City, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners find, by One of the Articles of the Union of Great Britain with Ireland, that the Wool of Great Britain is proposed to be exported to Ireland; and that to permit the Exportation of Wool from this Kingdom to Ireland will be injurious to the Trade and Manufactures of the City and County of Norwich; and that, as the many prohibitory Laws have hitherto proved inefficient to the Purpose of preventing the illicit Trade, the Petitioners are of Opinion, that the exporting British Wool to Ireland will materially iqcrease the Evil: And therefore praying, That the Exportation of Wool to Ireland may not, by any Law to be passed by the House, be permitted.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of His Majesty's most Gracious Message of the 2d Day of this lnstant April, communicating to this House the Resolutions of the Lords and Commons of Ireland respecting an Union between the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, with their Address to His Majesty thereupon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account of the Number of Persons imprisoned for Civil Debt in the several Gaols within the Bills of Mortality.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, "An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act for the better Relief of the Poor within the " several Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, in that Part " of Great Britain called England, incorporated by divers " Acts of Parliament for the Purpose of the better " Maintenance and Employment of the Poor, and for " enlarging the Powers of the Guardians of the Poor " within the said several Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, " as to the Assessments to be made upon the several " Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, within their respective " Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, for the Support " and Maintenance of the Poor."

And the said Amendments were Once read; and are as followeth; viz.

5 M Pr. 3.

Denbigh and Fiiwt Road Bill, committed.

Petition of Wool Dealers of Norwich.

Account of

Persons im-prisoned for ' Debt, ordered.

Lords Amendments to Poor Relief Bill put off for Six Months.

A. 1800.

410

25° Apr

Another Bill ordered.

Neutral Ship Bill, puffed.

Oats Bounty Bill, palfcJ.

MefThge sent to the Lords rrfpeiling Re-eoj ds, See,

Pr. 3. 1. tilt. After " notwithstanding" insert " And " be it further Enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in " Force until the First Day t)f " January One thousand Eight hundred and Two, and no longer," In the Title of the Bill.

].. ult. After " Poor" insert " and to limit " the Duration of the same to the " First Dfiy of January One thousand Eight hundred and Two." Ordered', That the said Amendments be taken into further Confederation upon this Day Six Months.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Powers of the Directors and Guardians of the Poor within the several Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, in that Part of Great Britain called,

incorporated by divers Acts of Parliament for the Purpose of the better Maintenance and Employment of the Poor, as to the Assessments to be. made upon the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, therein mentioned, for a Time to be limited: And that Sir Thomas Charles

Bunburyand Mr. Buxton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill to permit the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Countries in America, belonging to any Foreign European Sovereign or State, in Neutral Ships, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to permit the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Countries in America, belonging to any Foreign European Sovereign or State, in Neutral Ships, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand Eight hundred and One.

Ordered, That the Lord Hawkesbury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for granting a Bounty on the Importation of Oats, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting a Bounty on the Importation of Oats until the First Day of One thousand

Eight hundred.

Ordered, That Mr. William Duudas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Abbot, from the Select Committee, appointed to enquire into the State of the Public Records of this Kingdom, acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that a Message be lent to the Lords, to desire that their Lordships would be pleased to communicate to this House such Information, respecting the Records and Papers under the Care of their Clerks or Officers, as may be necessary for the Purpose of the said Enquiry.

And Mr. Abbot moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint their Lordships, That this House having appointed a Committee to enquire into the State of the Public Records of this Kingdom, and of such other Public Instruments, Rolls, Books, and Papers, as they shall think proper, and to report to the House the Nature and Condition thereof, together with what they shall judge fit to be done for the better Arrangement, Preservation, and more convenient Use of the fame, desire that their Lordships would be pleased to commu--nicate to this House such Information respecting the

7

Records and Papers of the Description before mentioned, under the Care of their Clerks or Officers, as may be necessary for the Purpose of the said Enquiry.

Ordered, That Mr. Abbot do carry the said Mef-sage.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. The Lord Pepys:. oave agreed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act LandTai, for apppinting Commissioners to put in Execution an '

Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty " on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England,

" Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and

" certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff,

" for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred," together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Linlithgow the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for shuc Wl,t-the eleding of a Commissioner, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Shire of Linlithgow, in the room of the Honourable John Hope, who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham. *

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Gatton Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the eleding of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Gatton, in the County of Surrey, in the room of John Petrie, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty's Manor of dred, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Commits on torefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Leak *

upon the Bill for explaining and amending several Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of King Henry the Eighth, and the First, Thirteenth, and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, lo far as respects Leases granted by Archbishops, Bishops, Mailers, and Fellows of Colleges, Deans and Chapters of Cathedral and Collegiate Churches, and others having Spiritual Promotion, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ®‘ell^,^‘0ns upon the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in saUPeu . the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for

permitting certain Goods imported from" the East dies to be warehoused, and for repealing the Duties " now payable tKereon, and granting other Duties in " lieu thereof," as relates to Salt Petre, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.

40 Geo. III.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the Housewill please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

411

" the Services of an additional Number of Volunteers " from the Militia, under certain Restrictions," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

230 Aprilis.

Ihitle<on "Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn>-H°p» import- ing^ refGive itself into a Committee of the whole House, tillered. to consider of the Duties now payable on the Importation of Hops into this Kingdom.

Copy of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy wki'uhTDiike an Agreement between the Lords Commissioners of «t Richmond, His Majesty's Treasury and the most Noble Charles ordered. Duke of Richmond, in pursuance of an Act of the last Session of Parliament.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Treaty with House, by His Majesty's Command, mdir, pr" *

Copy of a Treaty between His Majesty and the Elector Palatine of Bavaria, signed at Munich, March 16th,

1800; and Translation.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

The said Copy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Translation is as followeth; Viz.

Duty on Mill Stones, to be coniidcred.

Report of

Messagi to the Lords *

Committee on

Miltau i ay

Bui.

Ways and Menus, defer ied.

Supply, deferred.

Militia Officers Allowance Bill, deferred.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty " certain Duties of Customs on Slate, Stone, and " Marble," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Be/olved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of exempting Burr Stones taken from a Quarry near Conway, in North Wales, to be used as Mill

Stones only, from the Duty imposed by the said Act.

Mr. Abbot reported. That he had, according to Order, delivered the Message sent by this House to the Lords, respecting the Public Records therein mentioned; and that the Lords gave for answer, That they will immediately take Measures to furnish this House with the Information deftred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they llad gone through the Bill, and made several ^Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be receive ! To morrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting certain Allowances to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants of Militia, disembodied, under an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to accept

VOL. 55.

TRANSLATION of a Treaty between His Majesty and the Elector Palatine of Bavaria signed at Munich, March 16th, 1800.

Be it known, unto all those whom it may concern, That his Serene Highness the Elector Palatine of Bavaria, finding himself, in Capacity of Member of the Empire, and in consequence of his Attachment to its Constitution, engaged in the War which the Germanick Body has been compelled to declare against France, as well for the Defence and Support of its Constitution as for the Integrity of its Territory, and fully convinced of the Necessity of employing for this salutary Purpose, not only the Forces which the Laws of the Empire require from each of its Members under the Title of Contingent, but to develope still greater Means in order the sooner to obtain an honourable and permanent Peace, which the seizing on the Part of France, of a considerable Portion of the Dominions and Revenues of his Serene Electoral Highness, renders him incapable of doing, without Assistance, to the Extent that he could wish, has applied to His Brita Majesty, (who, in Consequence of the hostile Aggression of France, finds Himlelf also at War with the same Enemy) requesting His Majesty to assist his Serene Electoral Highness to carry these Measures into Execution, by adopting such Arrangements as might be judged proper. His Majesty, on His Side, participating in the Sentiments of his Serene Electoral Highness in this Respect, and desirous of giving him a Proof of His Friendship and of His Desire of promoting, as far as depends upon Himl'clf, the justand salutary Object which his Serene Electoral Highness has in View, has in Consequence sent to Munich, William Wickham, Esquire, His Minister Plenipotentiary and Commissary named for this Purpose, in order to settle more particularly all Points relative to this important Object; and his Serene Highness the Elector Palatine of Bavaria has named, on his Part, for the same Purpose, the Baron Maximilien Joseph de , his

Chamberlain, acting Privy Councillor, Minister of State and of Conferences, having the Department for Foreign Affairs, Honorary Great Cross of the Order of St. John of Jerusalem, who, after the Exchange of their respective full Powers, have agreed upon the following Articles;

Article I.

His Serene Highness the Elector Palatine of Bavaria shall place at the Disposition. of His Majesty the King of Great Britain,a Body of Twelve Thousand Men Infantry and Cavalry, it being always well understood that the Proportion of Cavalry shall not exceed One-eleventh Part of the whole Corps, to lerve in whatever Part of Europe His Majesty shall require, during the Term of One whole Year, to be dated from the Day on which the Corps fully compleat shall be reviewed by the Commissary of His Britannick Majesty.

This whole Corps, as well as the General appointed by his Serene Electoral Highness to command it, shall be

under

4 2 23° Ap. 1800.

\inder the Orders of such Commander in Chief of the Allied Armies as it shall please His Majesty

to point out for that Purpose: they shall obey him according to the Laws of War and Military Discipline in every Thing which concerns the Progress of the War and the Combination of Operations, it being well understood, however, that in every Thing which only relates to their Discipline and to their Interior and particular Organization, the Palatine Bavarian Troops furnished by Virtue of this Treaty shall remain under the immediate Command of their own Officers, and under the Orders of their Bavarian General} they shall always be employed together, without ever being separated, unless Military Considerations should require it; they shall be treated in all Points, as well in whatever concerns Military Service, as in every other Respect, upon the Footing of perfect Equality with the Troops of the Power with whose Army they shall act.

Moreover, the said Corps shall be absolutely independant of, and in addition, to, the Troops his Serene Eledoral Highness is required to furnish as his Contingent to the Army of the Empire.

Article II.

This Corps, exercised, disciplined, armed, equipped, and supplied with every Military Equipage, with Field Artillery in the Proportion of Two Pieces per Battalion, and the necessary Ammunition, shall be ready to march, and shall march in the following Manner:

The First Half shall be mustered either at or Augjburgh, or at such other Town in as shall be pointed out by the under signed Plenipotentiaries, on the First Day of April, and shall be there passed in Review by the Commissary of His Britannick Majesty, appointed for this Purpose:

The Second Half shall be mustered at One of the above mentioned Places on the Twenty-fifth of the same Month of April, or sooner if it can be done, and shall in like Manner be there passed in Review.

Article III.

In order to defray the Expences of the Levy and Equipment of this Corps, and to facilitate to his Serene Electoral Highness the Means of completing and enabling it speedily to join the Troops destined to ad against the Common Enemy, His Britannick Majesty engages to pay to his Serene Eledofal Highness the Sum of Four-score Banco Crowns for each Horseman, mounted, armed, equipped and exercised, and Thirty Banco Crowns for each Foot Soldier, likewise armed, equipped, and exercised. — The Crown Banco to be valued at 4 9 i

Sterling. One Half of this Levy Money shall be paid on the very Day on which the First Division shall be passed in Review, and approved by the Commissary of His Britannick Majesty; the other Half on the Day when the Second Division shall be passed in Review, and approved in the same Manner.

Article IV.

The Pay of these Troops, as well as their Subsistence upon the War Establishment, as practised in the Bavaria an Palatine Army, shall take place from the Day of the Signature of the present Treaty; but no actual Payment shall be made before the First Review shall have taken place. This Payment shall continue to be made by His Britannick Majesty as well for the Pay of the Troops as for all other Allowances whatever, and without Exception, as long as the Corps shall be at His Disposal.

In order to prevent all Disputes which might arise upon the Subject, the High Contracting Parties shall agree, through their respective Commissaries named for this Purpose, upon a fixed Sum, according to which these different Articles shall be computed and paid during the Continuance of the present Treaty.

His Britannick Majesty consents to make an extraordinary Allowance to this Corps (in addition to the Current Expences) of One Month's Pay, and Emoluments

towards defraying the Expences of its Return, whenever it shall be sent back into the Dominions of his Serene Eledoral Highness.

Article V.

As long as this Treaty is in Force, all Palatine Bavarian Deserters shall be faithfully given up whenever they shall be discove-ed in Places dependant upon His Britannick Majesty, or in any Corps levied by His Orders.

Article VI.

His Serene Eledoral Highness engages to keep this Corps always complete, and to fend every Three Months, and even oftener, if the Situation of Affairs should absolutely require it, the Recruits necessary for that Purpose, equipped and exercised.

Article VII.

It shall be at the Option of His Britannick Majesty's Commissary to review the Whole, or Part, of this Corps Once a Year, or oftener; nevertheless, that there may not be any Risk of deranging the Operations of the Campaign, it must not be more frequently for each Corps than Once in Two Months. The Commissaries and Officers, as well Generals as Commanders of Regiments, and every Officer, or other Person, charged with conducting the Recruits to the Corps, shall each be obliged to furnish to His Britannick Majesty's Commis-fary the Returns either of the Whole of the Subsidiary Corps, or of the different Regiments, or of the Recruits, whenever the said Commissary shall judge proper to demand it.

Article VIII.

His Serene Highness the Elector having, at the express Desire of His Majesty, by virtue of the Sixth Article, entirely renounced all the Advantages resulting from vacant Pay, which in all similar Treaties has been regarded as the principal Fund for supplying the Expences of recruiting, and having, by the Seventh Article, furnished every possible Facility to His Britannick Majesty's Commissary to verify the exact State of the Corps at all Times, and the Number and Condition of Recruits which may be sent to it. His Britannick Majesty being fully sensible of the Advantage of this Arrangement, both for keeping the Corps complete, and for the effectice Services which it will be by that Means enabled to render, not only at the Beginning, but during the whole Continuance of the Campaign, engages to pay to his Serene Highness, for the Expences of recruiting, a Sum calculated at the Rate of Thirty Crowns Banco for each Recruit, disciplined, armed, and accoutred, who shall be provided in the Place of the Men who die or are discharged from the Service during the Time these Troops are employed by His Majesty.

The Deserters are expressly excepted from this Article, and his Serene Highness the Elector shall be at the whole Expence of replacing the m.

Article IX.

The Artillery and other Effects and Implements of War loft against the Enemy, shall be replaced at the Expence of His Britannick Majesty, at a fixed Price to be agreed upon by the Commissaries of the High Con-trading Parties.

Article X.

His Britannick Majesty promises to attend to the Safety of the Dominionsand Possessions of his Serene Eledoral Highness, and to direct the Military Operations as far as depends upon Him, and as the Circumstances of the War, and the Interests of the Common Cause will permit, in such Manner as that the BavaPalatine Countries actually occupied by his Serene Eledoral Highness, or by the Allied Armies, shall be llieltered and Ipared as much as possible; but if, notwithstanding the Precautons which will be taken with this View, any Part of the

above

40 Geo. IIL 230 — 240 Apr His. 413

above mentioned States of his Serene Electoral Highness were to be attacked by the Enemy in Rel'entment for the present Treaty, His Majesty will take, in

Concert with His Allies, those Measures which shall be judged the most suitable for procuring to his Serene Electoral Highness an Indemnity proportioned to the Losses which such an Invasion should have occasioned to any of these Provinces.

Article Xt. '

In order to give to his Serene Electoral' Highness a iftill stronger Proof of His Friendship, as well as of the lively and sincere Interest which He takes in the Preler-vation and Prosperity of his House, His Britannick Majesty will observe the same Conduct with regard to the other Possessions of his Serene Electoral Highness, as the same shall be re-conquered and delivered from the Hands of the Enemy, and will moreover employ Him-self in the most effectual Manner, in Concert with His Allies, to obtain, at a General Peace, the complete Restitution of the Dominions which the Electoral House possessed at the Commencement of the present War, such as they flood at that Period.

Article XII.

The Corps stipulated for in the present Treaty may be increased to 20,000 Men, in Consequence of an Augmentation of the Expences of Levy and Equipment, as well as of Pay and other Emoluments, calculated upon the Basis of the present Treaty, according to such Augmentation of the Number as may be agreed upon between the High Contracting Parties.

Article XIII.

The Clauses and Stipulations of the present Treaty shall be communicated wholly and without any Reserve to his Imperial and Royal Majesty the Emperor of the Romans, and to his Imperial and most Eminent Majesty the Emperor of all the; they shall be at Liberty

to accede to it, in as far as the Nature of the different Articles and Stipulations will permit, as well as to such Modifications or Additions as the High Contracting Par. ties may hereafter add thereto *

Article XIV.

The Ratifications of the present Treaty shall be exchanged in the Space of Four Weeks, or sooner, if possible. In Witness whereof the undersigned have signed the present Treaty, and have affixed thereunto the Seal of their Arms.

Done at Munich, the Sixteenth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred.

(Signed) William (L. S.)

(Signed) . (L. S.)

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

Exchequer Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bills Bill, on Reading of the Bill (noW ingrossed) to enable the Lords jiiies,'passed.P Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, to an Amount to be limited, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament, for the Service of the Year Oqc thousand Eight hundred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Rcfoli-cdi That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred; and to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance Cafii or Bullion to be remitted Abroad, on Account of Foreign Subsidies or Services Abroad.

Vol. So-

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion was made; and the Question being put; Motion r?-That a Committee bfc apixfinted to enquire into the t ;c

t, ,. , . , ,l 1 „ r n Exportation

Expediency and probable Consequences ot exporting 0fCoin. the Coin of Great Britain, under the present Circum- ^cs-

fiances of the Country, for the Payment of Subsidies to Foreign Powers, and to report their Opinion thereon;

It passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Proceedings on further Consideration the Report which was made front c-maiBiii! the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Hud-dersfiela Canal Company to finish and complete the Huddersfield Canal, and for amending the Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Huddersfield Canal, was Committed.

The House was informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon the 31st Day of March last.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

A Motion Was made, and the Question was proposed.

That the said Bill be re-committed.

And Notice being taken, That Forty Members were not present, the House was told by Mr. Speaker; and Forty Members not being present; and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 40 die Apr ills;

Anno 40° Georgii III'" Regis, 1800.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the there-urtdersigned Innkeep- Petitions of ers of the Town and Parish of Falmouth, in the Enkeepeis, County of Cornwall: And also,

A Petition, of the Innkeepers and Alehousekeepers in the Towns of Manchester and Salford: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Vic-tuallers, and Publicans, of the Town of Godalming, in Surrey, and Neighbourhood thereof: And also,

A Petition of the Innkeepers and Victuallers in the Town of Trowbridge, in the county of;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the Losses which the Petitioners alledge they sustain from the Quartering of Horse and Foot Soldiers, on Account of the high Price of Hay and Straw, and the Dearness of every Article of Housekeeping; and praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the several other Petitions of the Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, are referred: And they are to examine the Matters of these Petitions; and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Strutt reported from the Committee, to whom Pethion relathe Petition of the Inhabitants and Parishioners of the several Parishes of All Saints and Saint Peter, reunited, and Saint Mary, in the Town of in the potted.

County of Essex, whose Names are thereunto sub-

5 N feribed.

Bill ordcml.

Perth Roads Bill, presented,

Prfitions from Ciremefterand PainlWick, resetting Wool.

414

1

feribed, on Behalf of theml'elves, and other the Inhabitants and Parishioners of the said several Parishes, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read j anti is as followeth j viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Lazvrence produced to Your Committee Copy

of a Notice which he law affixed upon the Sessions House Door of Chelmsford ',at the last Easter Quarter fiessions, and also The Essex Herald, in which Notices have been given Three different Times in the present Month of April, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House on the 18th Day of March last, of an Application having been made to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill for building a new Bridge over the River Chel-mer or Blackwater, at Fullbridge, in the Town of Mal~

dut, in the County of Essex.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon the 18th Day of March last, was made frotny the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants and Parishioners of the several Parishes of All Saints and Saint Peter, united, and Saint Mary, in the Town of Maldon, in the County of Essex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on Behalf of themselves, and other the Inhabitants and Parishioners of the said several Parishes, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a new Bridge over the River or -

water, at Fullbridge, in the Town of Maldon, in the County of Essex: And that Mr. Strutt and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Fergujonpresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for enlarging the Powers of so much of TwoACls, made in the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth, as relates to the Road from Perth to Cupar, or the Neighbourhood thereof, towards Glammis, as far as the Confines of the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are there-underwritten, Inhabitants of the Borough of rencester, in the County of G, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners fee, with great Concern, the Intention of introducing a Clause into the Bill for uniting the Two Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, whereby Wool will be permitted to be exported from this to the Sifter Kingdom; and that this Measure will prove extremely detrimental to the Woollen Manufactory of this Kingdom at large, and to the County of in particular; and that the Adoption of any Measures which may tend in the least Degree to check the Employment of the Poor at this particular Time, might be attended with the most dangerous Consequences: And therefore praying. That the above Measure may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Clothiers and Land Owners of wick, in the County of Gloucester, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, with Regret, that, in the Arrangement for an Union with Ireland, it is proposed that the Acts of Parliament which prohibit the Exportation of Wool, the Growth of this Kingdom, should be repealed; and that the Pari fir of PainJ'wick is calculated to contain nearly 6,000 Inhabitants, and, at a moderate Computation, Three-fourths of them are employed in the different Branches of the Manufacture of Woollen Cloth; and that the Petitioners have, in the Course of the last Three

40 Apri

A. 1800.

Years, expended large Sums in erecting Machinery and suitable Buildings, which, it is apprehended, would in a great Measure be rendered useless, and the Inhabitants be thrown out of Employ, whereby they would have to depend upon the Landed Interest for Support, should the Exportation of British Wool be permitted, as the present Growth is not sufficient to supply the Manufacturers of this Kingdom: And therefore praying. That theexisting Laws, , which prohibit the Exportation of Wool, may not be repealed.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of His Majesty's most Gracious Message of the 2d Day of this Instant April, communicating to this House the Resolutions of the Lords and Commons of Ireland respecting an Union between the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, with their Address to His Majesty thereupon.

A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are there- Petition of

unto subscribed, being Commissioners for executing an Barrington ao rr 1 1 mi r- 1 xr r 1 r InclosureCoiIW

Adu, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year or the Reign of missioner.

His present Majesty, for dividing several Commonable Lands in the Parish of Barrington, in the County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, on the 5th Day of March last, a Petition of Richard Bendyjhe, of Barrington, in the County of Cambridge, Esquire, was presented to the House, stating, that the Petitioners had been guilty of great Partiality and MisconduCV in carrying the said Act into Execution, and containing many Assertions highly reflecting upon their Character, and praying, that the House would take his same into Consideration, and'grant him such Relief' as the Hardship of it should seem to require; and that the Petitioners, conscious that the Charges contained in the Petition of the said Richard Bendyjhe were wholly void of Foundation, did, on the 28th Day of March last, present their Petition to the House, stating, - among other Things, that they were ready and desirous to meet any Enquiry which the House might think fit to direct into their Conduct or Proceedings as such Commissioners; and praying. That, if the House should think fit to direct any Enquiry upon the Petition of the said Richard Bendyfhe, they might be at Liberty to be heard, at the same Time, in order to disprove the Allegations contained in his laid Petition; and that, ever since the said 28th Day of March last, the Petitioners have been ready to meet any Enquiry into their Conduct, and they and their Witnesses are now attending in Town for that Purpose, at a considerable Expence, but the Petitioners have lately been informed, that the said Richard Bendyjhe intends to decline proceeding further upon his said Petition; and that the Petitioners therefore, anxious to vindicate their Character from the Accusations most unjustly made against them by the said Richard Bendyjhe, and to confute the Calumny thus injurioully charged upon them in the House, do most humbly pray, That the House will be pleased to order that the Allegations contained in the Aid Petition of the said Richard Bendyjhe may be immediately enquired into, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem just.

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Ropi Aflenf Black R-od: w»iU‘-

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And

D ' ized by

40 Geo. III. 240 Aprilis.415

And being returned; An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the fe-

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the De- veral Parcels of Common, Moor, and Waste Grounds, fire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's within the Manor of Skehnanthorpe, in the West hiding Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of of the County of:

Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was An Act for dividing, allotting, regulating, and in read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Af- closing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, ' lent to the several Public and Private Bills therein men- and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of tioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham.

Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of

York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Ordered, That the said Petition of the Persons, whole Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal High- Names are thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners ness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the for executing an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing several the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several Commonable Lands in the Parish of Barrington, in the other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to County of Cambridge, do lie upon the Table, the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Can-lerbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, Sir Thomas Charles Bnnbury presented to the House, ac- Poor tncor(>0. and the Earl Spencer, named also in the said Commis- cording to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Powers of the Di- ration Bill,

lion, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Af- redors and Guardiansof the Poor within the several Hun- Plc, cnted-sent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.dreds, Towns, and Districts, in that Part of Great Britain An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Ex- called England, incorporated by divers Acts of Parlia-ecution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, ment for the Purpose of the better Maintenance and " An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Employment of the Poor, as to the Assessments to be " Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in made upon the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places,

* England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon therein mentioned, for a Time to be limited: And the " Tarced, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, same was received; and read the First Time.

"and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand R That the Bill be read a Second Time. " Eight hundred," together with those named in Two

former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, WelforH rn. Tax: . the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and cloI"‘je yill»

An Act for indemnifying Persons serving in Volunteer Common Meadows, within such Part of the Parish of pa e '

Corps, who have omitted to take out Certificates for Welforas is within the County of Gloucester, was read wearing Hair Powder, and to amend so much of an Act, the Third Time.

made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His pre- Refohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

sent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Majesty a Duty on Certificates issued for uling Hair Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and " Powder," as relates to the exempting Persons serving Common Meadows, within such Part of the Parish of in Volunteer Corps, and certain Officers in His Majesty's Welford as is within the County of Gloucester.

Navy serving on the Establishment of the Royal Plof- Ordered, That the Marquis of Worcester do carry the

pital at Greenwich, from the said Duty; and for obliging Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Persons, claiming to be exempt from the Duties on

Horses provided and furnished for Volunteer Corps, to Mr. Charles reported from the Committee, to Mepail.Wich-

deliver Certificates thereof to the proper Officers: whom the Bill to alter, explain, amend, and render an'e'^jjiDrrcain *

An Act for making and repairing the Road from the more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year ponta. ' Town of Stonehaven, through The Slug-mount to the of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Se-

new Bridge over the River Dee at Cobleheugh, in the cond, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving County of Kincardine: " certain Fen Lands in the Isle of and County of

An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and " Norfolk, lying between The Hundred Foot River and The from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par- " (fuze, and bounded on the South by the Hard Lands of liament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the " Mep

Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year " and j and for empowering the Governor,

of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Se- " Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Con-cond, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of " fervators of the Great Level of the Fens commonly called His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wake- "Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands lying within the Li-

field to Avjierlands, in the West Riding of the County " mits aforesaid, commonly called Lands," wras

of York: committed; That the Committee had examined the Al-

An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from legations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia- that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the ment, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign Owners of 2,212 Acres and 1 Rood, who reful'ed to of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, turn- sign the Bill, and also the Owners of 3,184 Acres and 1 ing, varying, altering, and keeping in Repair, several Rood, who were neuter, and also the Owners of 279 Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Acres, who could not be found; and that the whole Lancaster, so far as the same relates to the Road from Property to be affected by the Bill consists of 25,717 Hajlingdento Todmorden, being the Second District of Acres 1 Rood and 35 Perches; and that no Person ap-the said Roads, and for making and maintaining a Branch peared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and therefrom, at or near a Place called Fearns, in Wolfenden that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made Booth, to Edge Side, in the same Booth, and another several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed

Branch therefrom, at or near a Place called Robert's Mill, him to report to the House; and he read the Report in in Bacup Booth, into the Rochdale Turnpike Road, in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the the Parish of Spotlaud, all in the said County Palatine Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the of Lancaster: Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques-Alemouth, through Alnwick and Rotkbury, to Hexham, tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the and a Branch from the said Road, between Alnwick House.

and Rothbury, to Jockey's Dike Bridge, in the County of Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Northumberland: ingrollld,

Vol. 55. ' A Petition

1

Potion of \V< ol!cn Manufacturers of Tiverton.

Accounts pre« tented.

Arrears from O flicers of the Polk Office.

balances of Deputy Post-

U.JiUlo.

0 .

Annual Account, Slc. of y iii India ( \ mpany, pre lurid.

416 24° Aprilis . 1800.

A Petition of the Merchants and Woollen Manufacturers of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have been informed, that, among the Articles of the intended Union with , one is de-

signed to repeal the Laws against the Exportation of Wool from this Kingdom, as far as relates to Ireland, which they apprehend will be attended with injurious Consequences to the Woollen Manufacturers of this Country, and of Tiverton in particular, by draining the Wool, scarcely enough for common Annual Supply, from that Vicinity, so well situated for Exportation, and, by its Tendency, to advance the Price of their staple Commodity, which is already much too high for the present Demands of Trade, and open a Path of illicit Exportation to other Countries, productive of the most pernicious Effects, not only to the Manufacturer, but also to the Land Owner, Farmer, and every Species of Property in this Kingdom; and therefore imploring the Protection of the House against such Article of Union.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committeeof the whole House, to whomit is referred to consider further of His Majesty's most Gracious' Message of the 2d Day of this Instant April, com-nfunicating to this House the Resolutions of the Lords and Commons of Ireland respecting an Union between the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, with their Ad-drels to His Majesty thereupon.

The House being informed that Mr. Church (from the Post Office) attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, purl'uant to their Orders,

An Account of the Total Amount of Arrears due, on the ^h January 1800, from the Officers of the Poll Office in Great Britain, from the 5th January 1774 — being so far as the same can be made up; — distinguish-ing the Names of such Officers, and in what Situations they are or were employed, the Sums originally due from them, and when — and the Amount and Dates of the Payments which have been made in Discharge thereof: And also.

An Account of the Net Balances in the Hands of the Deputy Post-masters in Great Britain on the 5th July and 10th October 1799, and on the 5th January 1800, respectively; — distinguilliing their Names, and for what Places, and the Amount of their respective Disbursements and Allowances during the Quarters severally ending upon the 5th July and 10th October 1799, and 5th January 1800: And also.

An Account of the Total Amount of the Balances due from the Deputy Poll-masters in England,

Dublin, and the West Indies; also, of the Balances due from the Penny Pott Office, and from the Receiver General, upon the 5th January 1799, and 5th January 1800, respectively.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

t

The House being informed that Mr. from the

Directors of East India Company) attended at the Door,

he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

Annual Account, made up to the 1 ft Day of March 1800, containing the Amount of the Proceeds of the Sale of Goods and Merchandize of the Company in Great Britain, and of their Commercial and other Receipts, Charges, and Payments, in Great Britain, under the several Heads thereof, together with air Estimate of

the fame, for the Current Year, and a Statement of their Bond Debts, and Ample Contract Debts, with the Rates of Interest they respectively carry, and the Amount of such Interest, and the State of Calli remaining in their Treasury, and other Effects appertaining to the Company in Great Britain Mid afloat: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Information submitted to the " Honourable House of Commons, relative to the Accounts directed to be laid before the House by the " Act of the 33d of His present Majesty, Cap. 52. Sec. " 126." _ *

And then he withdrew.

And thcTitles of the said Account and Paperwere read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account and Paper are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of exempting Burr Stones taken from a Quarry near Conway, in North Wales, to be used as Mill Stones only, from the Duty imposed by the said Act, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty^ intituled, "An Act for the better Protection of " the Trade of this Kingdom; and for granting new " and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported " and exported, and on the Tonnage of certain Ships entering Outwards or Inwards to or from Foreign

o # o

" Parts, until the signing the Preliminary Articles of " Peace," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider so much of the said Act as charges a Duty on Oil or Blubber imported into this Kingdom front the Greenland Fisheries and Davis's Streights.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the Floufe will pleal'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties now payable on the Importation of Hops into this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, A Statement of the internal Duties payable in Great Britain on the following Articles of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture thereof, and of the Duties on the Materials of which the said Articles are composed;

Beer, Bricks and Tiles, Candles, Chocolate, Cocoa Paste and Cocoa Nuts, Cordage, Cyder and Perry, Glass, Hops, Leather unmanufactured and manufactured. Mead or

Metheglin,

Committee on. Duty on Mi£ Sior.cs.

Inflm&Ioru

Committee ort Duties onflop imported.

Statement of internal Du -ties, ordered.

Act respecting Hackney Coaches, to be coniktered.

Committee on King'aMeflage respecting an Union with Ireland, deferred.

Church Leafet Bill reported *

Bill rrfpc-sting the Duties on Salt JPetre, reported *

40 Geo III. 440 Aprilis. 417

Nletheglin, Paper and Books, Printed Goods, Salt, Silk, Soap, Spirits, Starch arid Hair Powder, Sugar, Sweets, Tobacco and Snuff, Verjuice and Vinegar, Wine; together with a Statement of the Rates of Duty on Importation of such Articles which would be sufficient (as far as the same can be estimated) to countervail such internal Duty or Duties on the Materials, specifying the Grounds on which such Estimate is computed.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Yew of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for explaining and amending an Act, " made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for laying an actditional Duty on Hackney Coaches, and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly -,s

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Telolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of His Majesty's most Gracious Message of the 2d Day of this Instant , communicating to this House the Resolutions of the Lords and Commons of Ireland, respecting an Union between the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, with their Address to His Majesty thereupon;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for. explaining and amending several Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of King Henry the Eighth, and the First, Thirteenth, and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as respects Leases granted by Archbishops, Bishops, Matters and Fellows of Colleges, Deans and Chapters of Cathedral and Collegiate Churches, and others, having Spiritual Promotion, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for permitting certain " Goods imported from the East Indies to be warehoused, and for repealing the Duties now payable " thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof," as relates to Salt Petre, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-goffed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Vol. 55.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Militia Pay Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Blll» . reponed defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry to the Mr. h. Laf-, Lords the ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- HofApT0" closing, the Open Fields and Waste Ground, within the elofure Bill tg Township of Holmpton, in the Pari fries of and the Lords.

Hollym cum Wit hernfea, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Notice being taken. That the Bill for repealing an Kent Gaol Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King £^nwith George the Second, to enable the Justices of the Peace wn acting for the Western Division of the County of Kent to purchase a convenient Piece of Ground for building a Gaol for the said County, and for empowering the said Justices to apply Part of the County Stock of the said Division towards the fame, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, contained Provisions not included in the Petition of the several Persons w'hose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others, being Owners and Proprietors of Estates in the Western Division of the County of Kent, upon which Petition the said Bill was founded;

The House was moved. That the Order made upon Friday last, for adjourning the further Proceeding upon the Second Reading of the said Bill until next,

might be read;

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order he discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Another Bill altering and amending so much of an Act, made in the ordeie<1. Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace,

" acting for the Western Division of the County of,

" to purchase a convenient Piece of Ground for building a Gaol for the said County, and for empowering " the said Justices to apply Part of the County Stock " of the said Division towards the fame," as requires that the said Gaol should be repaired exclusively at the Expences of the said Western Division, and for raising the Money for repairing the same on the County at large, in Manner as other County Gaols are by Law directed to be repaired: And that Sir William Geary and Mr. Townshend do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted Bill for making and maintaining a Na- Thames and vigable Canal from the River Thames, near to the Town ^f,dwa^c,anil of GraveJ'end, in the County of Kent, to the River Med- 1 ' e *

way, at a Place called NicholJ'on'sShip Yard, in the Parish of Frindjlury, in the said County,- and also a certain Collateral Cut from White Wall, in the said Parish, to the said River Medway, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposetl to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 8. To leave out from " at" to " gene-

" ral," in Line 9, and insert " anv" instead thereof

Pr. 16.- I. 15. To leave out " or more."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question

5 O severally

A. 1800.

418 34" — 35'

severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House j and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames, near to the Town of Gravesend, in the County of Kent, to the River Medway, at a Place called Nicholson'sShip Yard, in the Parish of Frindsbury, in the said County, and also a certain Collateral Cut from Whitt Wall, in the said Parish, to the said River Medway.

Ordered, That Sir William Geary do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Militia officer Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning m!u dctMTed next' rc^ve ilself into a Committee of the whole House,

' etT upon the Bill for granting certain Allowances to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants of Militia, disembodied, under an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to accept the Services of an additional Number of Volunteers from the Militia, under certain Restrictions."

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V eneris, 25 Aprilis;

Anno 40° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1800. Prayers.

Kent Gaol IR William Geary presented to the House, according Bill, prelected, q Order, a Bill for altering and amending so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace acting for the Western Division " of the County of Kent, to purchase a convenient " Piece of Ground for building a Gaol for the said u County, and for empowering the said Justices to apply " Part of the County Stock of the said Division towards " the fame," as requires that the said Gaol should be repaired exclusively at the Expences of the said Western Division, and for raising the Money for repairing the same on the County at large, in Manner as other County Gaols are by Law directed to be repaired: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Petition of A Petition of the several Innkeepers and Victuallers Innkeeper , See. within the Parishes of Milton next Gravesend,

and Northfieet, in the County of Kent: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Borough of Allan, and the Neighbourhood thereof:'And also,

A Petition of the Innkeepers and Victuallers of the County of Efex: And alto,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Livery Stablekeepers, of the City of Bath, and its Vicinity: And allb,

A Petition of the Innkeepers and Victuallers of Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the Lofifes which the Petitioners alledge they sustain from the Quartering of Horlc and Foot Soldiers, on Account of the high Price of Hay and Straw, and the Dearness of every Article of Housekeeping; and praying the House to take their same into Considera-. tion, and grant them such Relief as shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Com- *

1 Aprilis.

mittee, to whom the several other Petitions of the Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, are referred: And they are to examine the Matters of these Petitions; and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to House.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Land Petition from and Mill Owners, and others, interested in the Prospe- Kenad again rity of the Woollen Manufactures of the Burgh of the Export -Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of and tio" Wo0 '

its Vicinity, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners are friendly to the Union of Great Britain with Ireland, as firmly believing that that Measure will add to the general Strength and Prosperity of the Empire; and that the illicit Exportation of Wool from Great Britain to Foreign Countries (notwithstanding the manyexisting Laws prohibiting and guarding against such Exportation) was certainly carried on so long as those Countries were capable of carrying on their Woollen Manufactories; and that the Petitioners, knowing the great Advantage which the

Woollen Manufactories of Foreign Countries reap from a Mixture of the Wool of Great Britain with the Wool which is the Growth of those Countries, are fearful that the great Temptations usually held out by such Foreigners, as an Encouragement to such illicit Trade, will have the Effect of producing an Exportation of Wool to a great Degree, when it may not only be practicable, but ealy; and that the Petitioners find, by One of the Articles of the Union ot Great Britain with Ireland, that the Wool of Great Britain is proposed to be exported to land; and that the Petitioners are satisfied, that, under the Pretence of conveying such Wool to Ireland, the Exportation of that Article to Foreign Countries will take place to a great Extent (when Peace arrives) without any Possibility of its Prevention, to the incalculable Loss of the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That the Exportation of Wool to Ireland may not, by any Law to be passed by the House, be permitted.

A Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, and others. Petition from concerned in the Wool and Woollen Trade, redding in Totnes, in the County of Devon, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, with inexpressible Concern, that, in the Arrangement of the Union with our Sifter Kingdom, (he proposes that the existing Laws, prohibiting the Exportation of British Wool, should be repealed, lo fir as relates

to herself, whilst on her Part lhe claims the Continuance of the protesting Duties for her Woollen Manufactures; and that the Growth of Wool in Great Britain is not sufficient to supply the Manufacturers with a Quantity equal to the present Demand for Home Consumption and Foreign Markets, and therefore, if any Part is permitted to be taken away, the Petitioners mull fuller very material Injury; and that the Petitioners are most ferioully alarmed, in case British Wool should be permitted to be exported, that, under Pretence of carrying it to Ireland, great Quantities would be conveyed to Foreign Countries, without the Possibility of its being prevented, particularly in Times of Peace, whereby the British Merchant and Manufacturer would suffer, without the new Members of the Empire being benefited, and other Countries would be supplied with the Means for supplanting the Petitioners in Foreign Markets: And therefore praying, That, in the Arrangement of the Union between the Two Kingdoms about to take place. Great Britain may not be put to the Rilk of being deprived of an Article which has been the great Source of Wealth and Happiness to its Inhabitants.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole Floufe, to whom it is referred to conficler further of His Majesty's ir.oft Graciou *

Message of the 2d Day of this Instant April, communicating to this House the Resolutions of the Lords and Commons of Ireland, respecting

an

40 Geo. III.

25° Apr.

4i£

Southampton and Salisbury Canal Bill, committed.

Shalboum Division and Allotment Bill, presented.

an Union between the Kingdoms of Great Bri- Grounds, within the Townships of tain and Ireland, with their Address to His Ma- Ruff or d, and Bret her ton, in the County

jesty thereupon. Palatine of; and Setting forth, That the Peti-

tioners are Owners of, or interested in, the Navigation of A Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth the River alias in the said County,

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making which they apprehend will be materially injured, if not and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town and totally destroyed, as to that Part thereof which lies be-County of the Town of Southampton to the City of tween Sollom Lock and the River Kibble, in case the said New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Bill should pals into a Law, and the said Drainage be

Time. executed according to the Plan the Petitioners have

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Penrud- heard proposed: And therefore praying, That they may docke Wyndham, Mr. Vanjittart, See.: And they are to be heard, by their Counsel, Witnesses, and Agents,

tmeet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the against the said Bill, and that such Provision6 may be in-Speaker's Chamber. ferted in the same as shall be necessary to preserve and

continue the said Navigation between the said Lock and Mr. Buxton presented to the House, according to Or- the said River Ribble, either in the present Line or by der, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Seve- some Navigable Cut or Cuts, and that the Petitioners ralty, the Open and Common Lands and Grounds may have such other Relief in the Premises as to tho within the Parish of Shalboum, in the Counties of Wilts House shall seem meet.

and Berks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Farndish In. dofure BilJ, pafl ed.

Wrawb j Inclosure Bill, presented.

A Petition of Charles Brom/eld, of Preston, in the Petition of County Palatine of Lancaster, Merchant, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice ton,&c. of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That it is intended, DrauwS BlU An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing by the fame, to divert and alter the Courses of the Rivers the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lojlock and Yarrow, which supply the Navigation of the Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Farndish, River Douglas, in the said County, with Water; and that in the Counties of Bedford and Northampton, or One of the Petitioner is a Trader upon the said Navigation, and, them, was read the Third Time. by Means thereof, and of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title and the River Ribble, conveys Goods and Merchandize be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the between L and for which Trade and Em-Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable ployment the Petitioner hath laid out and expended, in Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Farndish, providing Boats, building Warehouses, and making other in the Counties of Bedford and Northampton, or One of Conveniencies, the Sum of £. 12,000, at the least j and

that the Petitioner will be much injured in case the said Rivers Lojlock and Yarrow, or either of them, be diverted, or their Courfp changed: And therefore praying,

That they may not be diverted, and that he may be Mr. Vyner presented to the House, according to Or- heard, by himfielf, his Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, /

der, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open against the said Bill, and that such Relief may be granted Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Carrs, and other him, in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be

them.

Ordered, That Mr. Buxton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

JUrbolin In-

closure Bill, presented. *

Member added

to bring in Braceborough Inclosure Bill.

Bill presented.

Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Wrawby-cum-Brigg, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Vyner presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Failure, Walle, and other Uninclosed Lands and Grounds, in the Parish or Lordship of Bar-holm, in the County of Lincoln; and also, certain Intercommon Fields belonging to the Hamlet of Stow, and Parish of Barholm, in the said County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Reverend Francis Willis, Doctor in Physic, Lord of the Manor

of Braceborough, in the County of Lincoln, and of Sir John Trollope, Baronet, and several other Persons, whose near to and below Wigan, by Means of the Douglas Na-Names lire thereunto subscribed, being all of them Own- vigation, and are principally dependant upon the said ers of Estates in the Manor, Lordship, and Parish of Navigation for the fame; and that Mr. Charles -Braceborough aforesaid. f.eld. One of the Petitioners, and an Inhabitant of the

> Mr. Vyner presented to the House, according to Or- Town of P ref on, has also at his own Expence erected der, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Wharfs, Warehouses, and other Conveniencies, upon the Fields, Pastures, Waites, and other Uninclosed Lands Banks of the River Ribble, situate in Preston and Ashtcn

referred to the Consideration of the Committee, v to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Peti-

tioners are to be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- instruaion. mittee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Neigh- Petition of bourhood of Preston, in the County of Lancaster, was lni'ahiun'‘ likewise presented to the House, and read; Alio taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That the Inhabitants of Preston, and the Neigli bourhood, have been, and now are, supplied with various Articles of Merchandize from Liverpool, and with Coals from the Mines

Preston, respecting D BUI.

of Braceborough, in the same was received; and

and Grounds, in the Parish County of Lincoln: And the read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Petition of I eeds and Li verpool Canal Company, againllCrofton, See. Drainage BUI.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for draining, improving, and preserving the Low Lands and Vol. 55.

(which River communicates with the said Douglas Navigation) at an Expence of £. 12,000, and upwards, for the Accommodation of the Trade, by the said Navigation, and that, of consequence, the Loss or Obstruction of such Navigation will be an irreparable Injury to the other Petitioners, and ruinous to the said Charles Brom/eld; and that Part of the said Navigation from Sollom to the Ribble, is carried in the Channel of Douglas, alias A/and ^.iver, which Part is supplied with Water

from

Berwick Paying Bill, committed.

Ripon Roads Bill, committed.

Bigot's Lottery Petition, referred to a Committee.

Tholthorpe, See. Incloluie Bill, committed.

420 1 50 Jprilii. A. 1800 *

from the Rivers Yarrow and , and the Navigation

there depends on the Quantity of Water flowing down, as well as the Tide flowing up; and that, by the said Bill, a Cut or new Channel is intended to be made for the said Rivers Yanowj&nA Lofiock, by which the Water of those Rivers, now making Part of the said Navigation, will be for a considerable Distance diverted out of the lame, which will greatly injure the said Navigation, not only by taking away the Water necessary for such Navigation, but by occasioning Sand Banks and other Impediments in its Channel; and that the only effectual Means of preventing such Injury will be by in Extension of the Canal below Sollom, so far as the said Diversion of the Yarrow and Lqstock shall operate to the Prejudice of the said Navigation: And therefore praying. That Clauses may be inserted in the Drainage Act, empowering the Promoters of it to provide for the Expences of such Extension, or the Navigation otherwise secured from Injury, as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for lighting the Streets and Lanes of the Borough of Berwick upon Tweed, and the Quays and Wharfs belonging to the said Borough, and that Part of the Bridge over the River Tweed, which lies within the Liberties of the said Borough; and also of the Street of Cafllcgate, within the said Borough, or the Liberties thereof, and for paving the Footpaths of the principal Streets of the said Borough, and of Castlegate aforesaid, and for preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Callander, Mr. Stanley, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of Ripon, by Ingram Bank, to the Town of Bridge, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Graham, Sir William Mordaunt Milner, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved. That the Petition of Sir George Pigot, of PatJJiull, in the County of Stafford, Baronet, in Behalf of himself and others, which was presented to the House upon the 20th Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Granville Leveson Mr. Ellis, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Tholthorpe and Flawith, in the Parish of Aim, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Mordaunt Milner, Mr. Henry Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for explaining and amending several Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of King Henry the Eighth, and the First, Thirteenth, and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as respects Leases granted by Archbishops, Bishops, Mailers and Fellows of Colleges, Deans and Chapters of Cathedral and Collegiate Churches, and others having Spiritual Promotion, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for explaining and amending several Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of King Henry the Eighth, and the First, Thirteenth, and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as respects Leases granted by Archbishops, Bishops, Mailers and Fellows of Colleges, Deans and Chapters of Cathedral and Collegiate Churches, Mailers and Guardians of Hospitals, and others, having any Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Living or Promotion.

Ordered, That Mr. Douglas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Commitee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of'exempting Burr Stones taken from a Quarry near Conway in North Wales, to be used as Mill Stones only, from the Duty imposed by an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty " certain Duties of Customs on Slate, Stone, and Marble;" and who were instructed to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the " better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom; " and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, and on the " Tonnage of certain Ships entering Outwards or Inwards to or from Foreign Parts, until the Signing the " Preliminary Articles of Peace," as charges a Duty on Oil or Blubber imported into this Kingdom from the Greenland Fisheries and Davis's Streights, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that Burr Stones, taken from a Quarry near Conway, in North Wales, to be used as Mill Stones only, should be exempted from the Duty imposed by the said Act.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient to permit Blubber, imported into this Kingdom from the Greenland Fisheries and Davis's Streights, to be boiled into Oil, and that such Oil should be admitted to Entry and pay Duty accordingly.

The said Resolutions being feve rally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said

Reiblutions:

Church Leafci Bill, passed.

Militia Pijf Bill, passed *

Report respect-

ing Duty on Mill Stones, &c.

Report of Duties on Hops imported.

Bill respecting the Duties on Salt Pitre, patted.

Committee on Act re (petting Hackney Coaches.

Innkeepers Bill, deterred.

Committee on

King's Mef-iage respe£Ung an Union with Iieiand.

40 Geo. III.

2 50 sip rilis.

421

Resolutions: And that Mr. Mr. Rose, and Mr.

Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Duties now payable on the Importation of Hops into this Kingdom, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followerh; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That the Duties now payable on the Importation of Hops into this Kingdom be suspended for a Time to be limited.

ReJ'ohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Customs of One Penny and Twelve Twentieth Parts of a Farthing be charged upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hops imported into Great Britain.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. BMr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Taft Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for permitting certain Goods imported from The East Indies to be warehoused, and " for repealing the Duties now payable thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof," as relates to Salt Pctrc, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for permining certain Goods imported from The East Indies " to be warehoused, and for repealing the Duties now " payable thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu " thereof," as relates to Salt Petre.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for explaining and amending an Act, made in the " Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for laying an additional " Duty on Hackney Coaches, and for explaining and " amending several Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

o

consider further of His Majesty's most Gracious Message of the 2d Day of this Instantyfyn'/, communicating to this House the Resolutions of the Lords and Commons of Ireland, respecting an Union between the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, with their Address to His Majesty thereupon, be now'ready 1

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed> That it be an Instruction to the said Committee to take into their Consideration the most effectual Means of providing for securing the Independence of Parliament.

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

The House divided. -

The Yeas went forth. S

Tellers for the Yeas Tierney, leuers for the leas,^^:

]34.

Tel.ers *

So'it passed in the Negative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of His Majesty's said most Gracious Message.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Monday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Tuesday next, to consider of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " relieve, upon Conditions, and under Restrictions, the " Persons therein described, from certain Penalties and " Disabilities to which Papists, or Persons professing the " Popif/i Religion, are by Law subject," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be dileharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon ‘Tuesday Seven-night, the 6th Day of May next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Newport in the County of Southampton, in the room of Hamilton

Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds ot and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Huddersfield Canal Company to finifii and complete the Huddersfield Canal, and for amending the Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Huddersfield Canal, was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for increasing the Rates of Subhstence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Vol. 55.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Dearne and Dove Canal Company to finith and complete the said Canal, and the several Collateral Cuts branching therefrom; and for explaining, amending, and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal-and Collateral Cuts, and for increasing the Tolls thereby granted, was committed, be , 5 P taken

Motion for an In(tru6rionr -Neg.

Committee on

Act. for Relief of Papiits deferred.

Newport Writ.

Huddersfield Canal Bill, deferred.

Dearne and Dove Canal Bill, dcfetitd.

A. 1800 *

Committee on Act relating duties on Sugar and Coffee, defer red *

MepaU, Wi-eham, Scc. Drainage Bill passed *

Penh Road Bill, committed.

Petition of Innkeepers,

25° — 28®

422

taken into further Consideration upon Morning

next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Rejohed, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Sugar imported and exported, and on Coffee exported; " and for reducing the Drawbacks now allowed on the " Exportation of Sugar," as imposes Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Meaning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 2 8° die Aprilis;

Anno 40 Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1800. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to alter, explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving " certain Fen Lands in the Isle of Ely, and County of " Norfolk, lying between The Hundred Foot River and " The Ouze, and bounded on the South by the Hard Lands of MepaU, Wicham, Ely,

" Downham, and Littleport, and for empowering the

" Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called Jnvejled Lands," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to alter, explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving certain " Fen Lands in the Isle of Ely, and County of Norfolk, lying between The Hundred Foot River and The Ouze, " and bounded on the South by the Hard Lands of " MepaU, Wicham, Wentworth, Wichford, Ely, - ham, and Littleport, and for empowering the Governor. Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of " Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands ly- iqg within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called Invejled Lands"

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Yorke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for enlarging the Powers of so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of , as relates to the Road from Perth to Cupar, or the Neighbourhood thereof towards Glammis, as far as the Confines of the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ferguson, Mr. Allardyce,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Innkeepers and Victuallers of the Borough of Chipping Norton, in the County of Oxford: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Town of Bicester, -

Jldre: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Town of Henley upon Thames, and Neighbourhood thereof: And allb,.

A Petition of the Innkeepers of Leicester: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Victuallers, Publicans, and Livery Stablekeepers, of the City of Bristol, and its Vicinity: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Town of Richmond, in Yorkshire: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, and others, subject to Licences, residing in the Town of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Town of Kettering:

And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Town of in

the County of Devon: And also,

A Petition of the several Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Liveryr Stablekeepers, of the Town of Margate, and Parishes of Saint John, Saint Peter, and Birchington, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent, whole Names are. thereunto subscribed: And alto,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers and Victuallers in the Parishes of Chatham and GiUingham , in the County of Kent;

Were severally presented to the House, and read j Complaining of the Losses which the Petitioners alledge they sustain from the Quartering of Horle and Foot Soldiers, on Account of the high Price of Hay and Straw, and the Dearness of every Article of Housekeeping; and praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the . Committee, to whom the several other Petitions of the Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, are referred: And they are to examine the Mattel's of these Petitions} and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do make the Report St. JoW from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common reported. Fields and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Saint John Hertford, and the Liberty of Brickenin the Parish of All Saints Hertford, in the County of Hertford, was committed.

Mr. John Pitt accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout'; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally . put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for borrowing Money for the Purposes of the Act.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Mr. Thomas Fane reported from the Committee, to Lyme Reg; , whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and Roa<1' .

enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thir- 1 ,report ty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in

the

40 Geo. III. a8° <Apn 4^3

the Counties of Dorset and Devon, leading to and Mr. William , Surveyor, being examined, said,

through the Borough of LymeFegis, and from the Turn- That the Petitioners have made great Progress in making pike Road on Uply me Hill, to the Turnpike Road at and completing certain Parts of the said Canal: And, the Three Ashes, in the Parish of Crewkerne, in the Mr. being examined, said. That the County of Sometjet, and other Roads therein mentioned, Petitioners have expended more than all the Money by was committed; and to whom the Petition of the fe- them subscribed to the said Undertaking, after reserving veral Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, the said Sum of /. 60,000, for the Canal in the said

Owners and Occupiers of Lands in the County of , was referred; That no Person appeared in Support of the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true i and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table i Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Lancaster Ca. Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire reported from the Com-nalpe ‘on» mittee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Pro-

repon prietors of the Lancaster Canal Navigation, was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, it not being intended to give Power for railing any further or additional Rates, Tolls, or Duties, or for varying the Line of the Canal j and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Kirkby , in the County of

Westmorland, to Westhoug in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also, a Navigable Branch from the said intended Canal at or near , to or near Warton

Craggy and also another Navigable Branch from, at, or near Gale Moss, by Chor to or near , in the said County Palatine of Lancaster, was read i whereby it appeared, That the Petitioners were united into a Company, and were authorized to make and complete a Canal, to be called The Lancaster , and to be navigable and pafiable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from, at, or near Kirkby Kendal aforesaid, to and through the several Parishes and Places in the said Act mentioned, into the Township of , at a Place called

Westhoughton Chapel, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster, and they were thereby empowered to raise and contribute among themselves, in such Proportions as to them should seem meet and convenient, a competent £>um of Money, not exceeding the Sum of £.414,100, in the Whole, and the said Sum of £.414,100, or such Part thereof as should be raised, should be divided and distinguistied into 4,141 equal Parts or Shares, at a Price not exceeding £ 100 per Share; and that, in case the said Sum should be found insufficient for the Purposes aforesaid, then, and in such Case, the Petitioners were enabled to raise and contribute amongst themselves, in Manner and Form aforesaid, in such Shares and Proportions as to them should seem meet, or by the Admission of new Subscribers, any further or other Sum of Money, not exceeding the Sum of 200,000, and it was thereby enacted, that £. 60,000, Part of the Monies subscribed, or so much thereof as should be sufficient for that Purpose, should be laid out and expended in making and completing the said Canal, in the County of Westmorland, and the Petitioners were thereby enabled to borrow and take up at Irtterest all or any Part of the said Sum of £ 200,000, upon the Credit of the said Navigation, by Mortgage of the said Undertaking: Then,

Vol. 55.

County of Westmorland, and are very desirous of proceeding in their Undertaking, but are at present unable to raise the said Sum of £. 200,000, by any of the Modes in their said Act contained; that if the Petitioners were enabled to raise the said Sum of £. 200,000, by the Admission of new Subscribers, at the Rate or Value of £.30 per Share, or at such other Rate or Value per Share as should from Time to Time be the current or saleable Value of Shares, and that such Subscribers might have the same Benefit and Advantage upon each new Share as the Petitioners have upon their original Shares, then the said Sum of£. 200,000, might be procured, and the Petitioners thereby enabled to pay off the Debts contrafted by the Company, and also to proceed in their Undertaking, so as to make it more beneficial to themselves, and of much greater Public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Lancaster Canal Navigation to complete the same: And that Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire and Mr. Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. McDowall reported from the Committee, to Petition reia. whom the Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, 've Notice and Town Council, of the City of for them- PoUce^re^-t-

selves, and on Behalf of the Community of the said «<

City, was referred j That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Set on Karr, produced to Your Committee, Copy of Notice given at the last adjourned Sessions of the Peace, holden for the County of Lanark at Glasgow, and also The Glasgow Courier of the 27th Day of February, and the iff and 4th Days of March last, in which Notices have been given, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House on the 14th Day of February last, of an Application having been made to Parliament, for Leave to bring in a Bill for paving, lighting, watching, and cleansing the Streets, for regulating the Police and Markets, and for giving certain Powers to the Magistrates of Glasgow, for the Benefit of the said City.

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon the nth Day of February last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council, of the City of Glasgow, for themselves, and on Behalf of the Community of the said City, was referred, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bill ordered, extending the Royalty of the City of Glasgow over certain adjacent Lands; for paving, lighting, and cleansing the Streets, for regulating the Police, and appointing an Intendent thereof, and Watchmen, for dividing the City into Wards, and appointing Superintendents, and for raising Funds, and giving certain Powers to the Magistrates, and Council and Town and Dean of Guild Courts, for the above and other Purposes: And that Mr. M‘Dowall and Mr. William Dundas do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord Granville Levejon Gotver presented to the House, St.Mary in according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Common Fields and Waste Lands, tinted, within or adjoining the Parish of Saint Mary, in Stafford, in the County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

fiefolved. That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill

Poor Incor-jKrration Bill, C'-liKnitted.

Barnack with PiJlgate Inclo lure Bill, reported.

Byhall lndo-sure Bill, reported.

4^4

a 8° Apr

A. 1800.

A Bill to enlarge the Powers of the Directors and Guardians of the Poor within the several Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, in that Part of Great Britain called England, incorporated by divers Acts of Parliament for the Purpose of the better Maintenance and Employment of the Poor, as to the Assessments to be made upon the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, therein mentioned, for a Time to be limited, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be Committed to Mr.

Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker^ Chamber.

The Earl of Carysfort reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of nack with Pilfgate, in the County of was

committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied, with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 19 Acres and Roods of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Quantity of Land intended to be divided and inclosed, consists of 2,500 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by. One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Earl of Carysfort reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Ryhall with Belmesthorpe, otherwise Belminsthorpe, in the County of Rutland, was commitjted; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill," to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and Pancra«Pa . otherwise improving and keeping in Repair, such Parts ^omn^ied.' of certain Streets, called Gower Upper Gower

Street, Francis Street, Thornhaugh , and Upper

TJiornhaugh Street, and the Public Passages and Places adjoining thereto, as are formed and made upon certain Pieces or Plots of Ground belonging to the most Noble Francis Duke of Bedford, within the Parish of Patterns, in the County of Midd/efe.r, and for forming, paving," cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise improving and keeping in Repair, the Streets,

Squares, and other Public Paflhges and Places, which are and shall be made upon certain other Pieces or Plots of Ground, in -the said Parish of belonging to the said Francis Duke of Bedford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Adair,

Lord William Russell,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for inclosing and embellishing the Centre or BioomfWv Area of a certain Square, intended to be called Rttjfe/l improvement Square, purposed to be made in the Parish of C0I1"UU'

George, Bloomsbury, in the County of and for

forming and making the same into a Pleasure Ground, and for continuing and keeping the same in Repair, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Adair,

Lord

William MDowall, fames MDowall, Andrew Houjloun, and Robert Hovfloun Rae, of Merchants

The Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills to Persons con-

1795-Atigufi 4th. Sept. 17th.

7 97-

April 4th.

Advanced in Exchequer Bills, by virtue of an Act passed the 2 7th of June 1795

D° ----- -- D° - -....

D® - -.....D° -.....-

Secured by their Bond for Double the Amount, and Sureties for

£.340,000 - . ....

Advanced in Exchequer Bills by virtue of an Act passed the 30th of December 1796. Secured by their Bond for Double the Amount; together with Sureties for £. 180,000, and Bills of Exchange amounting to £. 5',000, since paid ——

N. B. The above Loans of £, 90,000, and £. 70,000, respecting the First and Second Instalments thereof, are further secured, to the Amount of £. 40,000, upon Heretable Estates in Scotland, the Property of William MDowall, Esquire, and Robert Houjloun Rae, Esquire, and a Mortgage on Mr. William M Doivall's Estate in the Island of S‘ Vincent, called Mil likens.

£. s. d.

90.000 ——

75.000 ——

5,000 ——

170,000 ——

70,000 ——

240,000 ——

Interest to the 25th March 1800;

4 Years 233 Days on £.90,000 -

4 Years 189 Days on £.80,000 -

2 Years 355 Days on £.70,000 -

£ s. d.

20,872 11 10

18,071 4 6

10,404 2 2

49,347 18 6

Exchequer Loan Office, Royal Exchange, 19th March 1800.

289,347 18 6

Member added vo bring in Elfdon, &c. Road Bill.

BUI presented.

The Lords hare agreed to

Bill to enable Courts of Equity to compel'a Transfer of Stock.

The Lords have pa fl ed Bill refoecting Good Friday.

Report on Petitions of Mr.

M Dowall,

Set.

40 Geo. III. 28® Aprilis.

445

Lord William Rujfe/l, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for reviving, continuing, and amending, an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Elfdon High Cross, near the Town of Elfdon, in the County of Northumberland, to the Red Swyre, upon the Mid Border betwixt England and Scotland.

Mr. Bragge presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for reviving, continuing, and amending, an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Elfdon High Cross, near the Town of Elfdon, in the County of Northumberland, to the Red , upon the Mid Border betwixt England and Scotland: And the same was received; and read the Firth Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr.

Wilmot:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Courts of Equity to compel a Transfer of Stock in Suits, without making the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East or the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, or other Parts of America, Party thereto; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Observance of Good Friday, in certain Cafes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

peared to them, to the House; and he read the Report Report on Mr.

in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, to-

gether with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's

Table: Where the Report was read; and is as fol- '

loweth; viz.

Your Committee have, pursuant to the Orders of the House, examined the Matters of the said Petitions i and report as follows: That although the several Loans to which the said Petitions referwere made, and the successive Enlargements of the Times of Repayment with Interest granted, under the Authority of the same Acts of Parliament, (viz. 35 Geo. III. C. 127. 37 Geo. III. C. 27.

39 Geo. III. C. 11. and 39 Geo. III. Sess. 2. C. 13.) the Cafes of the Three Petitioners are totally distinct and independent of each other: Your Committee will therefore Hate separately what they think it their Duty to lay before the House relative to each.

I.

The same of William McDowall, Esquire, and others,

trading under the Firm of Alexander Houjloun and Co. of Glasgow.

In regard to this, as well as the other Two Cafes,

Your Committee have directed their Enquiries to the following Points:

(1.) The Progress and present State of the Debt:

(2.) The Reasons which have prevented the Liquidation thereof according to the several Engagements entered into for that Purpose under the several Acts of Parliament:

(3.) The Nature and Value of the Funds which are or may be made liable for the Payment of the Sum due, with the Interest thereon:

(4.) The Mode of Relief which is stated to be still necessary to enable the Party to discharge such Debt and Interest:

(5.) The Manner by which it is proposed to secure the Discharge thereof if such Relief should be granted.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, to whom \ ----- ----- --: —

the Petition of William McDowall, Esquire, and also, 1. The Progress and present State of the Debt owing the 'Petition of the Executors of Charles Ashtoell, de- by Mr. s House, including Interest computed

ceased, and William Johnstone, late of the Istand of Gre- up to the 25th of March last, will appear from the fol-nada, Esquire, were severally referred; That the Com- lbwing Copy of an Account, which has been laid before mittee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, Your Committee by the Cortunissioners appointed to and had directed him to report the fame, as they ap- carry the several before mentioned Acts into Effect.

and Partners, trading under the Firm of Alexander' Houjloun and Company j in Account with nested with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and S‘

797 *

May 26th.

1799 *

April 6th.

April 6th.

Interest received on £. 170,000, per Contra, from the respective Dates to the 5th Day of January 1797, by virtue of an Act of Parliament passed the 30th of December 1796, for granting further Time for Payment of the Instalments to become due -Interest from said 5th Day of January 1797 to the 5th Day of January 1799, on f. 56,666. 13.?. 4 d.being the Amount of the First Instalment on £. 170,000, received by virtue of an Act passed the 4th Day of January 1799, granting further Prolongation of Payment of the Instalments to become due - .

Interest from the 4th Day of April 1797 to the 5th Day of January 1799, on £ 23,333. 6j. 8 d.being the Amount of the First Instalment on £. 70,000, per Contra, received by virtue of an Act passed the 4th Day of January 1799, for granting further Time, 8cc. &c. ——

£. s. d.

11,627 7 11

5 666 13 4

2,048 17 2

799 *

October 8th.

Nov. 19th. Dec. 28th.

Received the Amount of a Bill of Exchange on Alexander Houjloun, Esquire, of Clerkington, payable in Scotland, for £. 1,200, Exchange deducted -Received the Amount of a Bill of Exchange on James Sen. and Co. - -

Received the Amount of a Bill of Exchange on George and Robert Denwfoun and Co. ——

Balance -

VOL. 55.

John Charles Long.

£. s. d. 1,196 4 5

800 ——

3,000 ——

- - - £

19,342 18 5

4,996 4 5

265,008 15 8

289,547 18 6

5 Q

Under

1

Report on Mr M DowalT Petit iori — <wr-tinued.

426 a8° Apri, 1800.

Under the last of the Acts above mentioned, the Payment of the First Instalment had been fixed for the 5th of January last; and on the Expiration of that Pe-

riod, the Secretary of the Commissioners having reported to them that such Payment had not been made, they, on the 31 ft of January, came to the following Resolution:

44 That an Extent be issued against Messrs. Alexander Houjioun and Co. for the Two First Instalments on the

44 Loans of £. 90,000, and £ 70,000, and for the First Instalments on the Loans of£. 75,000, and £. 5,000; 44 that Notices be given to the Sureties accordingly; " and that the Solicitor be directed to send to the Island of St. Vincent's the Mortgage from William all, Esquire, to the Secretary of the Board, to be registered."

Soon after this Resolution had been come to, Mr. M‘Dowair % Petition was presented to this House; and the Commissioners being informed thereof, and that it had been referred to a Committee, the following Entry was made in their Proceedings on the 14th of February last:

44 The Board being informed that William M'Dowall, 44 Esquire, on the Behalf of Messrs. Alexander Houjioun and Co. had presented a Petition to the House of 441 Commons, for further Time for Payment of the In- ftalments due upon the Loans granted to them by this Board; and that the same had been received by

44 the House, and referred to, and is now under the Consideration of a Selecfl Committee j

44 Resolved, That the Board do suspend signing War- rants for an Extent against the said Messrs.

44 Houjioun and Co. and their Sureties; and that the So- licitor do postpone the Service of Notice on the Sureties, until the Result of the Application to Parliament be known, and the Board make further Or- der."

(2.) Your Committee having required Information concerning the Application of the Sums advanced to the House of Alexander Houjioun and Co. by the Commissioners, and the Amount and Application of whatever Monies that House had received from their Estates and Commercial Concerns since the First Advance to them on the Part of Government, with a View to explain why no Part thereof had been applied towards the Extinction of Part of the Principal due to the Public j a written Statement has been laid before Your Committee, on Behalf of the Partnership j which sets forth, —

44 That they are not able to distinguish the Applica- tion of the Government Loans, and Amount and„ 44 Application of their other Receipts, during the Pe- riod in question, the Government Advances having been added to and made Part of the Aggregate Funds of the House, for the Discharge of the

44 Whole

The Lift of Balances in Grenada LIST of the Annual Balances due to Alexander Houjioun and Co. by

Munro, MDowall, and Co. -

Munro, MfDowall, and Co.

Munro and Co. -Munro, McFarlane, and Dougall -

Munro, McFar lane, and Co. -Lawrence MeDowall -William Nicholls - -

Mount Alexander Estate - *

Off Balance in 1792 due to Munro, -

lane, and Dougall -

1792. 179 3 1794.

£. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

64,481 12 10 20,338 16 6 20,469 11 2

49,358 12 4 38,753 — 1 38,346 14 9

12,946 14 5 59,019 11 4 44,965 18 10

— — 55,437 9 10 99,034 6 —

— — 4,542 11 1 113,390 10 5

6,445 6 2 6,788 3 7 7,910 7 4

548 1 1 8,658 8 10 12,916 8 5

5°»359 9 50,604 — 1 VO CO 0 cT -0

84>i39 9 7 244,142 2 2 389,112 4 5

21,778 7 8

162,361 1 11

In Answer to a Question connected with this Part of the Enquiry, it has been expressly and positively declared, on Behalf of the Partnership, that since they took up the Loans from Government, the House has not entered into any new Mercantile Engagements or Speculations in Estates and that they are winding up their Affairs for the Purpose of withdrawing from Trade.

3

(3.) To ascertain, as far as Your Committee were able, the Nature and Value of the Funds which are or may be made liable for the Payment of the Sum of £.265,008. i8j. Sd. which, by the Account above inserted, appears to be now due to the Public, with such farther Interest as may accrue thereon till the same shall be paid, together with the Particulars and Amount of

40 Geo. III. a8° Jpri♦ 417

" Whole of their Engagements, which were chiefly " Bills drawn from Grenada and accepted, to a greater Amount (at a previous Period of Ease and Facility " in Trade) at from 90J to 30" , which could not afterwards be put off beyond those Periods of Payment " without absolute Bankruptcy: But there were also " many other Engagements for Goods of the Manufacture of Great Britain shipped to the' West; " for Floating Money lodged by Correspondents; for " Monies borrowed on Discounts from Bankers; and " even for more permanent Loans, which the Calamities of " the Times had obliged the Lenders to withdraw from " them. That to these different Sorts of Demands " were to be added the considerable, Sums which they " had applied to the Settlement of their own Estates, " and those of their Correspondents, which had suffered " to so great an Amount during the Period of War and " Insurrection. That, as no particular separate Appropriation of the different Funds could be made Out " with any Precision, so to state the Appropriation of " the Whole would require a Copy of their Books during " the Period enquired after, which would occupy Two " or Three Thousand Pages in Folio. That it was " presumed it would sufficiently appear in what Manner it had happened that the Partnership had not " been able to set apart any of the Funds which had " accrued to the House during the Time specified, towards the Liquidation of the Debt to Government,

" by referring to a List of Balances due to them in Report on 1 " Grenada alone, during the Eight last Years. That '"cl!' " the Loans had been made to them by Government " to enable them to support the Advances which the " Insurrection and other unfortunate Events had increased to such an enormous Extent. That, from a " Continuation of those Causes, and the incautious " Acceptances before mentioned in Time of Eale and " Peace, for which Remittances had either totally " failed, or had been received in no Sort of Proportion,

" the Grenada Debts had continued of such a Magnitude as to prevent any Payment to Government,

" without occasioning, by refuiing to answer unavoidable Demands, an immediate Failure, to the great Injury, not only of the Partnership, but also of their " Sureties, their Creditors, and the Public at large."

In the Paper from which the foregoing is an Extract, it is mentioned, —

" That the Loan in 1797, of £. 70,000, was expressly " for the Behoof of the House of Monroe in Grenada,

" who was the original Applicant} but that he having " died before the Transaction was completed, it had " become necessary for Alexander Houftoun and Co. to ' obtain that Advance in order to support the Concerns of Monroe's Estate, on which they were Creditors to so great an Amount,"

above referred to is as follows:

the following Debtors in Grenada, during the last Eight Years.

1795- 1796. 797- 1798. 1799.

L s. d. s. d. £ s. d. s. d. L s. d.

20,430 6 IO 21.344 3 11 22,610 10 4 23,746 I 2 24,871 8 1

39, 53 2 2 40.037 7 — 42.035 15 8 44,°43 10 6 46,245 4 —

34»747 16 I 36.838 5 2 38,675 2 6 39>I99 — 11 4I»I58 19 11

9G854 8 — 96.437 6 6 98,059 9 — 102,976 5 6 104,394 13 2

117,645 3 I 130,766 16 7 3 ,75° 5 7 42,069 9 4 29,634 I 4

10,234 7 6 ".351 1 5 10,666 4 — 6,102 19 1 2,399 2 8

14,616 9 11 I7»295 7 4 19,475 11 to 2 ,934 16 3 22,584 — 6

53>68z 9 4 57.S48 3 1 62,511 16 11 69,926 1 9 73,339 l7 11

382,365 2 11 411,619 I — 427,785 12 10 349,998 4 6 354,627 17 7

1

of such specific Charges as may now affect the said Funds, or any Part thereof; Your Committee have had laid before them various Rentals, Valuations, Accounts, Certificates of Title, and Statements of the Property and Debts of the House and Partners, most of which Documents have cither been verified upon

Vol. 55.

Oath, or officially attested by the Persons making out the fame; and from an Investigation thereof, supposing the said Documents to have been prepared with due Accuracy and Fidelity, the general Result appears to Your Committee to be as stated in the following Ab-stradt.

General

a 8° Aprilis.

A. 1800.

General A b draft of the Affairs of the House of Messrs. Alexander Houjloun and Co. and of William Mc Dove all, Esq; Robert Houjloun Rae, Esq; and Lieut. Col. Andrew Houjloun, Partners in the said House.

I. Funds.

N *

f Debts due to A. Houjloun and Co. brought up to 15th March 1800 ' \ Deduct therefrom to make the same good -

Eilat es in Scotland, belonging to William Esq; viz.

2. - - - In Renfrewshire, Ayrshire, and Lanarkshire

3. - - - - In Wigtonshire ——

4. - - - - Heretable Bond on Ferguj Estate -

5. - - - - Property in Cotton Mills -

L u d.

564>995 6 3 110,715 11 2

a37>834 18 10

49.000 — —

3,400 ——

20.000 — —

Ditto - D° - - - of Robert Houjloun Rae, Esq; viz.,

6. ----- -- Little Goran Estate - - -....

Ditto - D° - - - of Robert Houjloun Rae and Lieut. Col. Andrew; viz.

Lease of Coal Mines held by them - - - - 30,000 — —

7' Deduct therefrom Debts affecting the fame, about -

8. Ditto in S' Kitt's and S' Vincent's, of William MeDowall, Esq;

9,500 ——

Total of Funds -

£. s. d. 454,280 5 ' t

310,234 18 to 83,100 — —

20,500 ——

110,000 — —

978, H5 3 It

II. Debts.

Joint Debtsj viz.

N.

1. By the House to Government, with Interest computed to 25th March

1806, of which £. 40,000, is secured by Heretable Bond, registered 31st £. s. d. July 1799 - - - - ... - - - 265,008 15 8

2. By D to Individuals, for which no specific Charge upon Land has been

given.....-- --- - 23,575 15 11

3. To Archibald Graham, by Heretable Bond, registered 24th December

1798, originally for £. 107,521. 15J. now reduced to - 86,000 — — .

4. To D by D°, registered 15th August 1799, for Two several Sums; — Viz.

£. 17,335. Debts of Mr. McDowall, now reduced to - 12 935 —

5. And £.83,232. is. 4 d.Debts of the House, now reduced to - - 78,135 — __

Debts of William M‘Dowall; viz.

6. By old Heretable Bonds - -- -- - 33,000 — __

7. By D° to the Bank of Scotland and Sir William Forbes and Co. for Debts

of the House, registered 20th September 1798 - - - - 17,500 — —

8. By Mortgage on his Estate in S‘ Kitt's, 12th January 1799 - 13,000 ______

Debts of Robert Houjloun Rae; viz. '

9. By old Heretable Bonds - - - 10,500 — ___

10. By D8 to Mr. Sprott, registered 5th August 1798, for Debts of the House 6,000 — —

11. Jointures charged on his Lands, valued at - - - . - - 8,724 — ___

Total of Debts - - _

Mem. Besides the above joint Debts, there is a joint Heretable Bond to Sir Francis Ftrd and others, fi»A o,oooo,

registered 7th March 1799. But this Bond was only given them, being Sureties to that Amount, as a counter Security. '

465,654 II 7

63,500 — —

25,224 — — 554,378 11 7

III. S U R P L US.

Funds

Debts

Estimated clear Surplus

£ s. d.

978>"5 3 11 554,378 11 7

423,736 12 4

Observations

40 Geo. III.

28° Aprilis.

429

Observations on the above AbjlraEl.

N° 1. Under Title Funds, is taken from a List certified upon Oath by Mr. William; who states himself to have acted as Confidential Clerk to Messrs. A. Hvujloun and Co. for many Years, and to be well acquainted with their Books and Affairs- It will be ob-served that the Deduction from the Gross Sum owing to the House for bad Debts is nearly about One-fifth of the Whole; but it appears that such Deduction was not taken upon a General Average, but by a Consideration of each particular Debt, no Abatement being made from many, and from others'various Proportions being subtracted. Your Committee cannot judge of the Propriety of those Allowances: Mr. Bell certifies that they appear to him to be reasonable and sufficient. He also states that the Books of the House are fairly and regularly kept. One Item in the Lift is a Debt amounting in Gross to £.71,798. 15J. 6 charged on an Estate called Mount Alexander, in Gr, in Possession of the Partnership: From that Gross Sum an Abatement is made by Mr. Bell of £.29,798. 15 . 6 leaving a Balance of £.42,000; which he therefore supposes to be the Value of the Estate: According to the Lift it is estimated to produce from 150 to 200 Hogsheads of Sugar.

The Value of N® 2, under Title Funds, is certified upon Oath by Thomas Juhnflone, Land Surveyor; who

states. That the Measurements, Rentals, and Valuations, which were made by him of that Estate, and which have been laid before Your Committee, are just and true according to the best of his Knowledge and Belief.

N° 3. Is stated from a similar Estimateand Valuation upon Oath by Messrs. William Colin Ritchie, and

David Ritchie; who certify, That they had minutely examined the Farms composing the said Estate; that it contains 3,065 Acres, 32 Falls, Scotch Measure; and that its Value is not less than from 48 to £.50,000, Sterling. Mr. Ross is Factor or Steward on the Estate. The other Two are Farmers in the Neighbourhood.

The Value of N® 5, being the Property and Funds of William MDowall in the Cotton Concerns of Houftoun,

Burns, and Co. is certified under the Firm of that House to be as stated, " according to what appears by " their Books at the Date of the last Balance thereof,

" 15th May 1799."

N° 6. The Value is certified upon Oath by Andrew Aitchinfon and Elphin ft on Thonfo

N° 7. The Gross Value and Debts deducted are taken from a Letter and Certificate of William Dixon, Manager, and John Boyd, Bookkeeper, at the Colliery; in which the Total Net Profits for the last Three Years are stated at £.10,166. 9 s.or a Yearly Average of £.3,388. i6j. 4 d.This Lease being for Seventy Years, and the Coal likely to last, they state that such Property is usually valued at from Eight to Ten Years Purchase; and that the Debts are £.9,343. ior. -betides some small Demands.

N° 8. It appears by the Proceedings of the Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills, 3d September 1799, that Mr. MDowallhaving executed a Mortgage

on his Estate in S' Vincent, called Mi Hi kens, to them, their Solicitor thought that such Security w'as not satis-fadlory and effectual, no , T fte Deeds nor State of the Title having been produced to them. Mr. has produced to Your Committee a Certificate, from the Register of that Island, of a Conveyance in 1798^ of an Estate of William Milliketo William Esquire, of CoJVe Semple. The only Evidence of the Value of the Eftalcs in S' s and S' Vincent's, laid before Your Committee, is a Letter from George and' Robert Dennijioun and Co. dated Glasgow, 14th March last, dating the Produce of the 6' Kill's Estate of last Year to have been 220 Hogsheads of Sugar, and that of the S' Vincent's 185 Hogsheads.

Vol. 55.

N® 1., Under Title Debts, is from the Account of Report on Mr.

the Commissioners.

N° 2. From a List of Debts owing by the House, certified on Oath by Mr. Bell, being the Sum which it is necessary to add to the Debts of the House secured on Land, and to that due to Government, to make up the Total in that Lift.

The Charges on Mr. MDows and Mr. Rae's Landed Estates in Scotland, as stated in the.Ab-stradt under Title Debts, N®' 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, with the Dates of the Registration thereof, appeared from Certificates of Mr. Archibald Tod and Mr. James Hill, Wri -ters to the Signet; but the Reductions specified N®' 3,

4, and 5, are taken from the Representation of the Parties. Their Amount taken together however is the exa<ft Sum which must be deducted from the General Aggregate of the Debts in order to make that tally with the Sum Total thereof in the Lift of Debts which has been certified upon Oath by Mr. Bell.

N° 8. Under Title Debts, is taken from a Statement delivered in by Mr. MDowall.

N 10. Is also taken from that Statement; and it is there added, that Part of the £; 6,006, is supposed to be paid.

N° 11. Arises from Two Jointures (one now in Pof- session, of £.330, and another of £.600, settled on the Wife of Mr. Houftoun Rae, if (he shall survive him) which are certified among the Charges on Mr. Rae's Estate, by the above mentioned Mr. James Hill, and valued at the Royal Assurance Office.

McDowall's Pririon — IViue.i. "

Such appearing to be the general Situation of the Affairs of Messrs. lloujloun and Co. Your Committee will now proceed to calculate the Amount of Difen-gaged Funds, wffiich may be applied to the Discharge of the Debt to the Public, under the several Claflesof,

1 ft. Estates of Inheritance in Scotland.

2d. Other Property there connected with Land.

3d. Estates of Inheritance in the West Indies.

4th. Floating Property.

1.

The Estates of Inheritance in Scotland are valued altogether as follows:

Abstract, Title Funds, N° 2.

3-

4-

6.

£. r. d. 237,834 18 10 49,000 — —

3,400 ——

83,100 ——

373 334 18 10

On this there are Two Heretable Securities (mentioned in the Abstract, Title Debts, N° i. and Memorandum after N 5.) one for £.40,000, the other for £.20,000; which are not to be considered, in the present View of the Subject, as increasing the Amount of the engaged Part of this Property, because the first is already a Charge for the Public Debt, and the Holders of the other are, as has been stated on the Part of Messrs. Houftoun and Co. ready to assign it for the same Purpose, withdrawing themselves from their Obligation as Sureties.

The other existing Charges on this Species of Property are,

Abstract, Title Debts, N° 3. £.86,000

4- 12,935

78>I35

6. 33,000

7. 17,500

9. 10,500

10. 6,000

11. 8,724

£ 232,794 R Which

Report on Mr. McDowa!Ps Petition — <m-tinued.

430 28° Ap 1800.

Which last Sum being deduced from £. 373,534 13 x. 10 d.leaves a Balance of £, 120,540. 18 10

and that Balance deducted from the full Amount of the Government Debt, leaves a Deficiency on this Sort of Property, of £. 144,467. i6j.

It the Two Sums of £.40,000, and £.20,000, had also been deduced from the Value of this Clal's of Property, the clear Surplus would have been, instead of £.120,540. 18 j. 10 d.only £. 60,540. i8n 10 which is what' it has been put at in the Statements delivered in on the Part of the House. But in that Cafe, the same Sum ought to be deducted from the Government Debt, which would restore the Surplus Balance to the Sum here computed.

It is represented on the Part of the House, that this free Surplus is daily increasing from Payments made in Reduction of the Debts specified, N° 3 and 4, in con sequence of Receipts from their general Concerns. That for Instance, £.20,000, of those Debts will be paid off before June next; and that they expect, that in this Way the Surplus will be increased to£. 160,000, before the End of the Year.

2. Other Property in Scotland connected with Land.

Abstract, Title Funds, N° 5. £.20,000

7. 20,500

£.40,500

Deduct this Sum from the Deficiency above stated, and there remains an ultimate Deficiency on the local Funds in Scotland of £. 103,967. 16 r. 10 d.

3. Estates of Inheritance in the Indies.

Abstract, Title Funds, N 8. - - £.110,000

Mortgage on the Mount Alexander Estate, mentioned above in the Observatiops on N° 1. - - - 42,000

151,000

Deduct Charge thereon, Title Debts, N° 8. 13,000

£. 139,000

From which last mentioned Sum the Deficiency last stated of £. 103,967. 16 s. 10 being deducted, leaves a Surplus on the Three Fiirft Clafies of Property taken together of £. 35,032. 35. 2

It may be proper, however, to observe here, that by the Act of 37 Geo. III. C. 27, (Sect. 13, 14, 15, and 16) which first permitted the Commissioners to accept of Securities on Plantations in Grenada and St. Vincent's, (and they had not by that Act any Power given them to take such Security on Estates in any other of the West India Islands)that Power was confined by several Restrictions, One of which was, that Mortgages granted to them on such Estates should not be deemed sufficient Security for any Sum exceeding the fair Average Value of the Produce of the Premises in Two Years. The Value of the West India Estates, in the Third Class of Property now under Consideration, must have been calculated on Ten Years Purchase at least. The most valuable of those Estates is indeed in Stt Chrifiophet's, where Plantations are said to be generally valued considerably higher than in the Islands of Grenada and St. Vincent.

4. Floating Property. £. s. d.

Abstract, Title Funds, N° 1. - 454,280 5 1

from this will be to be deducted

1. Title Debts, N° 2. - - 2.3,575 11

2. The Value of the Mount Alexander

Estate - - - 42,000 ——

making together - - £-65,575lS 11

And this leaves a clear Surplus, applicable to the Discharge of the Government Debt, on the valued Amount of this Class of Property,'of - £-388,704 9 2

Which, added to the former Surplus on the Aggregate of the Three other Sorts, being - 35,032 3 *

Gives the Total Surplus, stated in the Abstract under that Title,

.of - - " £.423,736 12 4

It will be observed, that in the above Computations no Allowance has been made on the one Hand for Personal Property in the Nature of Plate, Furniture, Stock on Land in Hand, Sec. belonging to the Partners; which is stated and must be supposed to be considerable; nor, on the other, for the Charges of Management, or Personal Expences. _______________

(4.) The Partners having been required by Your Committee to say what was the Extent of Indulgence in re-

speft

The Executors of Charles Ashuoell, Esq; late of Ayot St. Law-The Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills to Persons

T797 To a Loan advanced him by virtue of an Act, passed the 30th Day of December 1796, secured by his Bond for Double the Amount; together with Sureties for £. 12,000, and a Mortgage on his Interest in the King ft on Estate,

Sept. 4th. £. s. d.

Sept. 7th. in the Island of St. Vincent - -- -- -To a Loan advanced him by virtue of the above mentioned Act, secured by 6,000 — — -

his Bond for Double the Amount, and Sureties for £. 20,000 - 10,000 — —

Interest to the 25th March 1800: 2 Years 202 Days on £.6,000 ----- £.766 — 6 2 Years 199 Days on £. 10,000 ----- 1,272 12 — 16,000 — — 2,038 12 6

Exchequer Loan Office, Royal , £' 19th March 1800. — 18,038 12 6

On the Failure in the Payment due on the 5th of January last, and the subsequent Information of the Petition of the Executors of Mr. Afiiwell and of Mr. juhrfionehaving been presented and referred to a Com-8

mittee of this House, the like Proceedings were had by the Commissioners relative to Mr. s Debt, as

have already been stated to have taken place in regard to that of Messrs. Alexander Houfioun and Co.

2. Under

40 Geo. Ill a8° Jlptilis> 43 i

speft of the Times, and Amount, of Payments in Liquidation of their Debt to Government, which they were desirous to obtain, and which they considered as necessary to enable them to discharge the fame; have Hated, That they consider it as necessary for that purpose that they should obtain J^ermission to make their Payments of Principal-arid' Interest by Three equal Instalments, the First: on or before the 5th of January 1804, the Second on rir before the 5 th of January 1805, and the last on or before the 5th of January 1806.

(5.) Being also required to state the Nature of the Security which they propose to offer, in case the Indulgence they desire should be granted, and the Amount to which they think they can find satisfactory Sureties for the Discharge of their Debt to the Public; a written Proposal has been delivered in by them to Your Committee; of which the following is a Copy:

44 ill. That all the Real Estates of Mr.

44 and Mr. Houftoun Rae, in Scotland and in the West

44 Indies, including the Heretable Security for £.3,400;

" the Mortgage on Mount Alexander Estate; the Lease " of Coal Mines, and the Property in Cotton Mills; " should be conveyed by proper and valid Instruments to a Trustee or Trustees, to be jointly named by the " Lords of the Treasury, the Majority of the Sureties in Value, and the House of Alexander Houftoun and Co. subject to the specific and 'preferable Charges now " respectively affecting the fame.

" 2. That the Heretable Bond for £. 40,000, should either remain vested in the Commissioners, and that " for £. 20,000, be assigned to them, or that both should " be assigned to the Trustees; as may be thought moll advisable.

" 3d. That the Trustees should, during the Continu- ance of the Trull, pay to Mr. and Mr.

" Houftoun Rae respectively, such Annuities as shall be " deemed reasonable.

44 4th. That the Residue of the Produce of the said Estates, and the Balances which shall arise from Time to Time from the Commercial Concerns, and shall come to the Hands of the Trustees in the Manner herein- after proposed, should be applied by them to the Payment of the moll urgent Debts, and of the Principal and Interest due to Government, according to the pro- poled Instalments.

44 5th. That the Liquidation of the Debts due to Alexander Houftoun and Co. and the winding up of the Commercial Affairs of the House, should be left to

it

cc

cc

cc

«c

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

the Partners, as the devolving thereof on the Trustees would embarrass and retard such Liquidation, and could, it is conceived, be of no Advantage to Government or the Sureties; the Crown having, as Alexander Houftoun and Co. are advised, a preferable Claim, both by the Law of this Country and of the West Indies, ovet all their Personal Property. But it

is proposed, that the Trustees should have Power properly vested in them to inspect from Time to Time the Books and Proceedings of the House relative to those Debts and Affairs, and, where they may fee necessary, to regulate and controul the Management thereof; the Partners being also obliged to pay over from Time to Time, at the Discretion of the Trustees, fill such Balances as shall coSfc to the Hands of the said Partners, to the said Trustees or their Order, to be applied to the Purposes of the Trull.

44 6th. That if the Trustees should receive Funds applicable to the Discharge of the Debt due to Government, previous to the respective Periods of the proposed Instalments, they should apply the same for that Purpose.

" 7th. That they will offer satisfactory Sureties to the Amount of £.145,000, for the due Performance of the above Engagements, subject to the like Provisions as those respecting Sureties contained in the several Acts of Parliament passed on the Subject of the Exchequer Loans.

Report 00 Mr M DowaJrs Petition-tinned.

44 London

April 18 th, 1800.

44 Will. MDowalir

Your Committee, in Compliance with the Requell of Mr. M'Dowall, subjoin in the Appendix to this Report, Copies of Three Papers, which he has thought it material for the Merits of his Petition to lay before them; marked with the Letters (A.) (B.) and (C.)

II.

The same of the Executors of Charles , deceased.

1. The following is a Copy of the Account of the Debt owing from Mr. A/hwelPs Estate to the Public, which has been laid before Your Committee by the Commissioners j

-ranee, in the County of Hertford, deceased; in Account with connected with, and trading to, the Wands of Grenada and St, Vincent, 2

1799. By Interest from the 7th September 1797 to the 5th January 1799, on £. 3,333. 6s. 8 d.being the Amount of the First Instalment on £. 10,000, per Contra, received by virtue of an Act, passed the 4th of January 1799, for

April 5 th. £. d.

D6 granting further Time for Payment of the Instalments to become due By First Instalment and Interest received on £. 1,500, Part of the Loan of £. 6,000; the remaining £.4,500, Hands extended by virtue of the above- mentioned Act. Principal, £.500; Interest, £.39. 11 By Interest received on said £.4,500, extended Days, from the 4th Sep- in 9 a

D 539 11 *

tember 1797 to 5th January 1799 - - - 100 5 5 861 6 3

Balance - - I7»I77 6 3

£. John Charles Long. 18,038 12 6

2. Under this Second Head of Enquiry, it appears at that Time, of Three Estates in called

to Your Committee that Mr. Ashwell was one of the Belvedera, and La; the Two first of which ne

greatest Sufferers by the Insurrection. He was possessed, afterwards fold.

Vol. sft- . The

28° Aprilis.

Frport cm Mr. McDowaU't Petition — rmr-tinued.

43 2

The Loss sustained on those Three Estates is estimated, in a Report of certain Commissioners appointed by the Legislature of that Island, a Copy of which has been produced to Your Committee, to have amounted to £. 52,601. 2 s, yd.

With regard to the Application of the Money lent by Government to Mr. Ajlnvell, and of the Produce of

A. 1800.

Mr. Ashwell' % Estates since the Fil'd Advance to him by the Commissioners, for the Issue of Exchequer Bills, an Account of which the following is a Copy, has been delivered in to Your Committee by Mr. the Petitioner, who is a Co-executor and Devilee under Mr. Ashweirs Will.

Stores supplied and Payments made by Charles in his Lifetime, on Account of the

" La Fortune Estate, since the Restoration of Tranquillity in , after the Infur-

" redbion and Rebellion which happened therein March 1795.

Paid Mr. Law, on Account of the Debt owing by Mr. Ashwell to " Lushington and Law, the Certificate granted by the Exchequer Commissioners ——

" Shipments by Mefirs. Law and Bruce, from January 1796 to 30th April

" >797 ....

Shipments by Lushingtonand Co. from 1797 to 30th April 1798 -

" Bills from Grenada, paid by John Browne, Attorney, to Charles Ashwell

"Shipments by Lushington and Co. from 1 798 to 30th April 1799

Betides the above Payments, Mr. Ashwexpended upwards of £. 800, for

" Purchase of Mules, Horses, and Alfes for the Estate, and paid Bills

* drawn from Grenada, for the Maintenance of his Negroes during the

" Insurrection, that is, such of them as could be collected within the

" Posts retained by the Troops, at leait £. 1,200. -

£ d.

10,000 ——

2, OoO

1,2^2

>9

4

" The Devisees have paid on Account of the Estate since Mr.

" Ashwell's Death - -

* They have received Crop fold - - £. 3,281 5 3

" And 96 Hogsheads of Sugar, supposed to produce - 1,000 — —

£. s. d. 6,493 1 6

4,281 5 3

Stores shipped by the present Fleet

7

4

J>377 -

382 14 r

2,000 -- —

£ 17,093 18 —

2,211 16 3

921 1 9

£. 20,226 16 —

3. The Estate of La Fortune (being the only Pro- vested in certain Devisees under his Will, as will be after-perty of Mr. Ashwell of which Your Committee have wards mentioned. Its Value, together with the specific received any Account as a.Fund applicable to the Pay- Charges affecting it, have been stated to Your Comment of the Debt to the Public) appears to be now mittee in Writing by Mr. Browne, as follows:

e

" The La Fortune Estate consists of 570 Acres of Land; 140 whereof are sold to John " Stewart and William Frajer, for £. 4,5°°, but the Purchase Money is not vet due.

' , - ' £ s. d.

" 400 Acres of the remaining Land are valued at £.55 per. Acre " The remaining 30 at £.20 per Acre - 218 Negroes, valued at £. 70 each . f The Works, built of Stone, Water Mill, &c. complete Mules, Oxen, Horses, and Stock

22,000 — — 600 — — 15,260 — —

6,500 ——

1,850 ——

46,210 ——

« The

William of London,

The Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills to Persons con-

>79.v

Nov. 28 th.

1797 *

April 4th.

Advanced in Exchequer Bills, by virtue of an Act of Parliament passed the 27 th June 1795 -

Advanced in Exchequer Bills, by virtue of an Act passed the 30th December

796 ....

' £

N. B. The above Loans are secured by his Bond for Double the Amount, and Sureties £. 20,000.

Interest, to the 25th March 1800:

4 Years and 117 Days on /. 2,000 ——

--- 355 - " on^.8,000 -....

2 *

Exchequer Loan Office, Royal

19th Marehx 800,

£. d.

2.000 ——

8.000 — —

10,000 — —

432 1 1

1,189 -- 9

11,621 1 10

433

1

l \

" -rr

£„, ;'> u

(u j v

40 GeO. III. 28 *

" The Average Produce of the Estate is 230 Hogsheads of very good Sugar, " which estimate at £.25 per Hogshead -

" This Sum at 8 £ Years Purchase is ——

" The Debt charged on this Estate is to Miss by Mortgage

" To Mr. Newton, the Balance due to him on Articles of Partnership " To Mrs. Ashwell,a Jointure of £. 1,000 per Annum."

5»7 5° -

48,875 ——

4,000 ——

11,000 ----- *

Report of Mr. Mc Dowel's Petition — continued.

Mr. Browne informed Your Committee, after delivering in the foregoing Statement, that Mr. Newton's Mortgage turned out to be£. 12,000; and on which lie claims Interest at the Rate of 6.per Cent, agreeably to the Provisions of the Act of 14 Geo. III. Cap. 79.

William Lushington, Esquire, a Member of this House, Agent for the Istand of Grenada, and whose Mercantile House were Consignees of Mr. Ashwells Estates in the Years 1793 and 1794, has informed Your Committee, that the La Fortune Estate, before the Insurrection, produced on an Average about 220 Hogsheads of Sugar, which, valued at £. 20 per Hogshead, and allowing the Rum for Expences, would give an Annual Value of £. 4,400, amounting, at 8f Years Purchase, to ^.37,400. This, after deducting the Charge of 16,000, would leave the Value of £. 21,400 to answer the Government Debt of £. 17,177. 16‘j. 3 On the Valuations delivered in by Mr. Brozvne, that Remainder would be either £.30,2to, or £.32,875.

By Mr. Ashwell'sWill, the Original of which has been produced to Your Committee, all his Plantations in the Istand of Grenada, or elsewhere, were devised to the following Persons: R. F. , I. Beete,

Richard Landreth, John Browne (the Petitioner) Ed-

ward Charles Whitehouse, Esquires, Sir William Bruce, Baronet, and Coll. Turner, Esquire, and the Survivor, and his Heirs and Assigns, upon certain Trusts which will appear on referring to the (Copy of the said Will, which Your Committee have thought proper to insert in the Appendix to their Report, marked with the Letter (D.) The Devices, excepting Mr. Turner, and with the Addition of the Testator's Wife Frances Elizabeth Ashwell, and his Sifter Mary Ashwell, were also named Executors; but the Will has not it seems been yet proved. ____________________

4. The Indulgence, in regard to the Payment of the Debt to Government, which Mr. , on the Part

of himself and the other Devisees and Executors, is de-lirous of obtaining, is:

(1.) Esther that specified in the Prayer of the Petition, the present Sureties remaining, and which the said Devisees and Executors would prefer; or, (2.) If specific Security on the Estate of Mr. Ashzvell should be required, then that the Debt should be discharged with Interest by Four equal Instalments,

the First to be paid on or before the 25th of March 1801, and the Three others on or before the same Day in the Three subsequent Years.

jJ. As to the Security meant to be offered in the Second Cafe, Mr. Browne has delivered in a Paper to the following Effect:

" It is proposed by the Executors and Devisees of " Mr. Ashwell, that is, by such of them as being in Great Britain are enabled to act for themselves, and " with the Concurrence of the Mortgagees, —

" (1.) That the Estate of La Fortune should be conveyed to a Trustee or Trustees on the following Trusts; viz.

" 1. To provide the Current usual Supplies for the " Estate:

" 2. To pay Interest to the Mortgagees, 5 per " Cent, to Miss Ashwell and 6 per Cent, to " Mr. Newton, and 200 Annum to Mrs. " Ashwells Trustees, on Account of her Join-

" ture:

" 3. To apply the Residue of the Crops in Discharge of the Debt due to the Crown or to the Sureties, who may satisfy that Debt " until the whole Principal and Interest is " discharged.

(Mr. Brozvne states, that he conceives the Devilees, by the Law of Grenada, have a Power to create the proposed Trust).

" (2.) That the present Sureties shall remain liable " for the Payment of the Instalments at the proposed " Periods, or enter into fresh Obligations for that . The Devisees who are in Great Britain to " execute the proper Conveyances forthwith, and Six " Months to be allowed for the Execution thereof by " those who are Abroad; on Failure wherein, the Indulgence granted for the Times of Payment to " cease."

III.

The same of William Johnstone, Esquire.

1. The following is a Copy of the Account of Mr. Johnstone with the Commissioners, as delivered in to Your Committee by them:

Merchant; in Account with

Hefted with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and S' Vincent.

1797 „ March 2 x ft. Interest on £. 2,000, from 28th November 1795 to the 5th January 1797; received by virtue of an Act of Parliament passed the 30th December 1796 C < d.

799- no 13 8

April 3 th. Interest from said 5th Day of January 1797 to the 5th Day of January 1799, on £.666. 13 s.4 d.being the Amount of the First Instalment to become

April 3 th. due on said Loan of £. 2,000 - -- -- -Interest on £. 2,666. 13 s.4 d.being the Aiiiount of the First Instalment cin the . Loan of £. 8,000, from the 4th April 1799 to the 5th January 1799; con- 66 13 4 j

formable to an Act passed the 4th Day of January 1799 234 3 1

411 IO I

Balance - 11,209 11 9

Voi.. 55. £ John Charles Long. „ — 5 9 11,621 110 Jn

j

Report on Mr. McDo\v3H's Petit on- — t'C/r- tinued.

434; 28" Apr ills. A. 1800.

In this same also the like Proceedings have been had 2. As to this Head of Enquiry, Mr. deli-

by the Commissioners, in respect to suspending the vered in to Your Committee an Account, of which the issuing of Process against Mr. John ft one, "and of Notices following is a Copy: to his Sureties, and for similar Reaions, as in the Two other Instances. *

" Sketch of Expenditure on Account of Mr. Johnstone's Estates of Granton and , in

since the in furred ion.

" Debts.

" Paid by Messrs. Phyn and Co. per their Account produced Supplies, shipped as per Invoice Paid by them to George Dunbar, of Liverpool, being the Expences of Two Carpenters and a " Mason, for Passage, &c. indented and sent out to rebuild and repair the Works, &c. destroyed in the Insurrection ——

* Insurance -

£- j.

223 2

140 16 16 15

d.

8

8

By Messrs. Petrie, Campbell, and Co. — Stores:

Invoice, per Eliza - -- - £.282 4 n

Humphries - - 43 56

Liberty - -- - 36 77

Grenville Bay - - - 36 3 —

Prince - - - - 43 5 18 7

Francis and Eliza - - 14 19 3

Passage, &c. of John Enderjley, an indented Overseer -

Medicines ——

Drafts from Grenada upon them, as per Note, extracted from their Bill Book Omitted a Draft Fav. of Herbert ——

853 18 10 27 1 —

11 5 6

4»°7° 13 9 300 ——

By Mr. Browne, repaid by me:

799-

Obi. 19. Mules -

Freight of D ' - -

Keep at Southampton and Petty Charge Insurance ..... a _

.239 1 —

3°o 3 — 49 4 4

25 14 —

614 2 4

By Abernethie and Co.: Invoice of Stores, per Brazilla,&c.

2,219 ——

Drafts from Grenada:

Apr. 8. James Johnstone and Wm Pojllethwayte ——

May 4. D° - - D ....

1797-

May 4. Draft by Mr. Colquhoun, of Antigua, for Two Truck Carts made there and sent to Grenada - 1 ~

051. 4. D° by James Johnstone and Wm Pojllethwayte -

120 — —

282 17 1

100 — — 250 — —

1799 Nov. 18. Dec. 16.

31 *

1800.

Jan. 25.

26.

Feb. 22.

Jrlar. 19.

By JVm Johnstone, since the Failure of Abernethie and Co.:

Drafts from Grenada:

1-1$ ——

i®5 12 — 105 10 —

257 1 —

100 — — 472 17 3 100 ——

1,216 — 3

10,445 J3 1

On

40 Geo. Ill

28° Aprilis.

On Account of Boisjency, which now comprizes Upper Granton: By Mr. Browne: -

Per particular Account in London - - - - .

D" - - D° expended in Grenada £. 2,210 Currency, a. 165 Stg.

Mr. Thomas Browne his Brother, per Draft on Abernethie and Co.

1798.

Sept. 27. Draft of T. Browne 1800.

Feb. 1. D° - - D° -

5. Tho‘ Browne's Draft

1799.

By Petrie, Campbell, and Co.:

Abernethie and Co.:

April 3. Tho‘ Browne as our Attorney on John Browne

5.D".....D° -

Junes']. D° ----- - D°-

D°.....D -

Sept.25. Paid Hankey and-Co. by Abernethie and Co. Paid Hankey and Co. by Henderson

L-

435

s. d.

6,616 2 2

L333 6 8

37° 16 10

Report on Mr.

McDo\vaH's Petition — continued.

216 — —

76 11 5

100 ——

188 16 6

310 ——

346 2 2

300 ——

466 — — 466 ——

10,789 15 9

In Addition to the above, the following Debts, contracted on Account of these Estates before the Insurrection, have been paid:

By myself in 1796, as dated below, sundry small Debts contracted in for Supplies £. s. d.

sent from thence to rrfy Estate in the End of 1794 for Crop 1795 - - - - 1,000 — —

By Messrs. Petrie and Co. s

1797 *

April 27. To George Orred, of Liverpool - -

Dec' 1. Messrs. Phyn, Ellice, and -1798.

Aug. 1. D° - - - .

500 — — 2,919 13 —

2,750 16 4

7,170 9 4

' Funds, &c. per Contra.

Funds or Monies received and applied towards the Disbursements:

Of my Exchequer Loan, I applied myself towards Payment of pressing Debts contracted in Liverpool for Supplies before the Insurrection - -

« 1797.

" April4. I delivered to Messrs. Pet'ie, Campbell, and Co. under an Agreement with them to pay certain Debts to Phyh and Co. &c. and honour my Drafts upon them, for Supplies, " Slaves, Stock, &c. for re-establishing my Estate, which they fulfilled, as appears above -

* I also agreed for the same Confidenuion to consign my Crops to them: And the First Crop " I made after the Insurrection; viz.Crop 1798, of , produced per their Accounts " as under:

" 1798-

" Aug. Proceeds of 20 Hogsheads ——

" 10 Puncheons ——

40 Ho 22 D< 10 D' 13 D

glheads

fold Pojlletlnvaite

£ 691

149

1,400

627

37°

446

3

l7

9

11

11 8

3

2

14

" Delivered over by them to Abernethie and Co. unfold at the Time I closed Accounts with " them:

" Seven Hogsheads at Lancaster, fir.ee fold - - - - {.160 4 6

"Six D° and 10 Blls. at Liverpool - - - - 96 — 1

" Six Puncheons Rum at Lancaster produced about -

60 ——

" Besides these about 10 or 12 Hogsheads were fold in the Colony, and the Proceeds applied in Aid of the Rum Crop towards defraying the Colonial Contingencies.

" Crop 1799 failed, from the former Years Crop being taken off too late, which was owing " principally to the lateness of the Season at which I got the Works repaired so for £fs " to be able to begin Crop.

" Granton made about 60 Hogsheads, of which 50 were shipped, and (land as follows: Consigned and sold by Abernethie and Co. 20 Hogsheads, netted about -

30 D" yet undilpoled of in the Hands of Kymer and Co. Brokers.

Note. But on these last 30 Hogsheads Kymer and Co. advanced me on their Arrival which is probably now /. 200 more than they will produce.

£. s. d. 1,000 — — -

9,050 2 6 .

3,685 16 6

3l6 4 7

343 19 — 800 ——

15^76 2 7

VOL. 55.

" Boisjen

Import on Mr. M'Dowall's Petition — +cotf t'tnued.

V -

28® Aprilis.

A. 1800.

" Boisjency made Sugar for the First Time last Year; " and if the Works had been got up in Time, and the Mill had not afterwards failed, would have probably " made 150 Hog (heads. Owing to these Circumstances " it made only 42, of which 30 came here and were " fold for about £. 600 j 12 were fold in the Country, " and the Proceeds applied towards Payment of Disbursements in the Uland."

" The above Extracts are made from the Particular " Accounts of my Correspondents and Vouchers referred to, all which 1 am ready to produce " to the Committee.

London,

" 21 ft March x 800. " IV.

In the Report, already referred to, of the Commissioners appointed by the Legislature of , the Losses on

Mr. Johnstone'$ Estates (then called Upper and Lower Grant on) in that Island, are estimated at £. 13,609. 14 . 2 d. _______

3. Mr. Johnstone appears, by the Statements laid before Your Committee, to be poflfefled of Two Estates in

Grenada, now called Boisjency and Granton. The First consisting of what Was formerly Upper Granton, with the Addition of some Lands which he purchased, and joined to that Plantation, calling the Whole Boisjency. The other the tame with what was formerly called Lower Granton.

He had last Year made a Sale of an undivided Moiety of Granton to Meflfs. Henderson and Abernethie (Two of his Sureties who have lately become Bankrupts) for £. 13,000. The Purchase not being completed at the Time of the Bankruptcy, Mr. Johnstone, who had continued in Possession, has come to an Agreement (during the Sitting of Your Committee) with the Assignees of the Bankrupts, for rescinding the Sale.

Taking the Price which was to have been paid for the Moiety, as the Measure of the Value of the Whole, this Estate is worth £. 26,000, and is dated to be subject, only as to a Moiety, to a Mortgage for £. 5,000. to certain Trustees in Trust for Mrs. Henderson, but that Sum not payable till Mr. Henderson'sDeath.

The Boisjency Estate is estimated by Mr. Johnstone as follows:

" Estimate of Boisjency, 800 Acres of Land;

" 300 in Cultivation, at £. 40. per Acre ——

" 500 in Woods and Brufti, at £. 10. per Acre ——

" Works and Buildings ——

" 150 Negroes, at £.70. Sterling ——

"35 Mules and Horses, at £. 50. Sterling - - - *

C d.

12,000 — —

5.000 — — -

5.000 — — 10,500 — —

I>75° ——

34,2 5° — —

" Or, according to its Produce, will make per Annum, with its present Strength, and the Addition of a little Talk Work, 200 Hogsheads of Sugar, Average Value £. 25.

" Deduct for Talk Work ——

L s. d.

5,000 ——

800 — —

" Eight Years Purchase

4,200 — —

8

33,600 — —

" Medium Value, say

34,000 ——

" N. B. The Rum will defray the Contingencies, and the Estate has always plenty of Provisions, and is not subject to be injured by dry Weather."

On this Estate Mr. Browne had a Mortgage for £. 5,000, and Mr. John Hankey another for £. 900; which they are dated to have agreed to release.

The whole Value of the Property, therefore, after de-dudting the only remaining Charge, would, on the foregoing Estimates, appear to be £. 55,000 the Debt to Government being £.11,209. 11 9

4. Mr. Johnstone has represented that he is delirous to obtain the following Indulgence: Esther,

(1.) That prayed for by his Petition, which he also fays he would prefer, finding Sureties to the present Amount; or,

(2.) If a specific Security on his Estate should be required; then,

1 ft. That all Interest due on the 5th of January last, shall be paid on or before the ift of 1800:

d. That the Payments of the Principal and accruing Interest from 5th January last, shall be made in Four equal Annual Instalments. The First, with all Interest due thereon, on or before the 25th of March 1801; and the other Three, with Interest in like Manner, on or before the same Day in the Three successive Years. j. The Security he proposes is,

(1.) To convey to a Trustee or Trustees, in Trust for the Crown, both the before mentioned Estates, subject only to the Incumbrance to Mrs. Henderson's Trustees:

(2.) To find new Sureties, if required, in the Room of Abernethie and Henderson, and to replace such of the other Persons, now bound, as may decline continuing their Engagements.

APPENDIX (A.)

Sir, Edinburgh, 6th February 1800.

The Directors of the Bank of Scotland have received your Letter of this Date, inclosing a printed Statement of your Petition, contained in the Votes of the House of Commons.

I am authorized by the Directors to give this Answer to your Letter:

They do not find themselves competent to give a de-cifive Opinion upon the State of the Funds and Affairs of Messrs. Alex' Houjloun and Co. not having had Materials for that Purpose laid before them; though they have dealt, and continue to deal, with them, in the Belief and Confidence of the Solidity of the House.

And, from the long Experience which the Directors have had of the correct and extensive Dealings of that House; from its long Establishment, and important Connections in Trade; from its Respectability and Cha-i

tadter.

40 Geo. III.

28° Ap

437

rafter, as a Commercial House, both in Great Britain and in The West Indies; and from the solid Exertions which they know have been made by them; they do, with perfect Confidence, state to you, and allow you to make what Use of it you think proper, that they confi-

(D.)

Copy of Mr. A Will.

In the Name of God, Amen. I, Charles , late

of the Island of Grenada, but at present of Ay S'

R« port on Mr.

MeDowr.il'$ Petition — continued.

der it as a Matter of public and general Importance to , in the County of do make this my latt

the Credit of this Part of the Country, that the House of Will and Testament, hereby revoking and making void Messrs. Alexander Houjlom and Co. should be continued all former Wills heretofore by me made, and supported in the unembarrassed Conduct of their I give, devise, and bequeath, unto my dear beloved Business; and that, if it should unfortunately happen Wife Frances Elizabeth all Lands, Houses,

that they should be obliged to stop Payment, it would, Leases, Buildings, and every other Property, both real and in the Opinion of the Directors, be attended with very personal, which I may have or possess, or in anywise lay deep and extensive Consequences, not only to the nu- Claim to, in Great Britain, at the Time of my Decease; merous Parties connected with your House, and in the and also all Furniture, Plate, Linen, China, Liquors, -Line of your Business, but also to the Public at large, Horses, Carriages, Cattle, Stock, &c. belonging to me by injuring Public Credit, and destroying Commercial at the Time of my Decease; and also all Personai Estate Confidence, at the present Crisis. and Effects, wheresoever and whatsoever they may be.

I am. Sir, your most obedient Servant, I give, devise, and bequeath, unto Kenneth Francis

James Frafer, Treasurer. Mackenzie and Beete, Esquires, at present of De-

William Me Doze all, Esquire, tnerara, Richard Landreth, of the Island of,

ot Garthland. John Brown, Esquire, of Loth bury, Edward Charles

/g \ house, of the Custom House, Sir William Bruce, Baronet,

' of in N. B. and Coll. Turner, Esquire, and to

Royal Bank, Ed.iz March 1800. the Survivor of them, his Heirs and Assigns, all my Sir, Plantations in the Island of Grenada, or elsewhere, with

Your Letter to the Deputy Governor of the Bank, all the Slaves and Stock, Implements and Utensils there-accompanying the Statement of your Petition, contained on, and thereto belonging, or in anywise appertaining, in the Votes of the House of Commons, has this Day inTruft, nevertheless, for my Daughter Frances been laid before the Court of Directors; and, by their ', and the Child or Children (provided they be

Orders, I beg to state to you, that they have no Daughters), with which my dear Wife Frances Elizabeth Hesitation in laying, that, in their Opinion, it would very now Enciente, until (he or they respectively

materially injure the Credit of the Mercantile Interest of arrive at the Age of Twenty-one Years, with Power to Glasgow, was a House so respectable, of so long Standing, apply the Proceeds thereof to their Maintenance and and so extensive in its Dealings, as that of Messrs Alexr Education j but subject, nevertheless, to an Annuity of Houjloun and Co. to have their Affairs any ways embar- Sixty Pounds a Year to my Aunt Elizabeth Hall, of the raised; more particularly so at this Crisis, when neither Town of Alcester, in the County of during her

Manufactures, nor West India Produce, bear the same natural Life; and that, upon my youngest Daughter Prices, or are in such Demand as they have been of late coming of Age, I give, devise, and bequeath the said Years; and that, therefore, on Public Grounds, the Estates, with the Appurtenances, hereby devised inTruft, Directors should humbly conceive, by Parliament giving as aforesaid, unto my said Daughters, and their Heirs and such farther Time as in its Wisdom may seem proper, to Assigns, for ever; but if it should happen, that, at the Time Messrs. Houjloun and Co. for converting their Property of my Decease, I should have no Daughter or Daughters into Cash, and paying off their Engagements to the living by my said dear Wife Frances Elizabeth Ashwell, or Public, a material Service will be rendered both to the born in due Time thereafter, or that they should die be-

Trade and Manufactures of this Country.

I have the Honour to be, Sir,

Your most obedient humble Servant,

William Simpson, Cashier.

William M

of Garthland, Esquire.

(C.)

Glasgow, 21 ft March 1800.

At a Meeting of the Directors at the Chamber of Commerce and Manufactures, established by Royal Charter in the City of Glasgow;

Henry Riddell, Esquire, in the Chair;

A Letter from William MDowa/l, Esquire, of Garthland, with a Copy of a Petition presented by him to the

fore they respectively attain the Age of Twenty-one Years, then and in that same I give and devise all my Estates hereby devised in Trust to my dear Sifters Mary Ashwell, Ann Ashwell, and Sally Ashwell. and Mary Fleming, all of the City of Litchfield, in the County of Stafford, to be equally divided among them, and their Heirs and Assigns for ever.

Lastly, I do hereby nominate and appoint my dear beloved Wife Frances Elizabeth , and Mary Ash-

well, herein named. Executrixes, Kenneth Francis Mackenzie, Joseph Beete, Richard Landreth, John Edward Charles Whitehouse, and Sir William Bruce, Baronet,

and the Survivor of them, Executors of this my last Will and Testament. In Witness whereof, I, the said Charles Ashwell, have written this, my last Will and Testament,

Honourable the House of Commons, having been read, with my own Hand, and subscribed my Name, and also

and fully considered by the Meeting; put atld affixed my Seal, hereby declaring it to be my

Resolved, That the House of Messrs. Alexander Hous- ]aft will and Testament, this Eighth Day of One

toun and Comp' has been long established here, and has thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven.

always supported the most fair and unexceptionable Cha- £. Ashwell (L S)

rafter. And ha..from its Mlenlive Connexions and signed, sealed, published, and declared'

Transact ions, the Dtreftors are hombly of Opinion, that \ the above ranted dark, AJfouU, any EmbarralTment in the Affairs of a Company of such 1 ——

Respectability would be attended with Consequences prejudicial to the Commercial Credit of the Country; and that, therefore, the Intervention of Government for its Support, as craved in Mr. M^DoivalPs Petition, appears to them to be a Measure of Public Utility.

Resolved, That a Copy of this Resolution, signed by the Chairman and Secretary, and (baled with the Seal of

the Chamber, be trant'mitted to Mr. MDowalt.

(L. S.)

VOL. 55.

Henry Riddell, Chairman. Git Hamilton, Secretary.

as, and for, his last Will and Testament, in the Presence of us, who have, at his Request, in his Presence, and in the Presence of each other, subscribed our Names asWit-nesses thereto.

The Name Coll. Turner being written on an Erasure,

Jst Jar din.

E. Whitehouse.

Charles Winter.

5 T

Ordered,

Scotch Small JM.ts Bill,

cu r.mif.cJ.

Repot! on Act trisecting

H.itki'ey

Ccad.es.

Columbine's Divorce Bill, dvtared.

Bill for settling Dil'putes between Mailers and Servants, dttened.

Vacant Bid, #< tcn cd.

438 2 % ° Aprilis 1800 *

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the T able.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the Second Reading of the Bill to amehd, and mak,e perpetual, an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more easy " and expeditious Recovery of Small Debts, and determining Small Causes, arising out of Personal Contraft " or Obligation, in that Part of Great Britain called " Scotland," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Bragg , according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty sixth Year -of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for explaining and amending an Act, made " in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for laying an additional Duty on Hackney Coaches, and for explaining " and amending several Acts of Parliament relating to " Hackney Coaches," the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that the Rates and Fares permitted to be taken by Licensed Hackney Coachmen be increased.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that whenever the Average Price of Oats, published in The London Gazette, shall exceed a Sum to be limited fer Quarter, the Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs be authorized to increase the said Rates and Fares.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Br Mr. and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Edward Henry Columbine, Esquire, with Anna Maria Starr, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Tuesday last, for reading a Second Time, Tomorrow, the Bill for the better settling of Disputes between Masters and Mistresses of Families and their Menial or Do-meftic Servants, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

7

upon the Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of King Georgi' the Second, intituled, "An Act to amend and make " more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to " Houses of Correction

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee appointed to consider of the most effectual, Means of facilitating, under the Authority of Parliament, the Inclosure and Improvement of the Waste, Uninclosed, and Unproductive Lands, Commons, Common Arable Fields, Comhion Meadows, and Common of Pasture, in this Kingdom;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

A "Petition of the Clothiers residing in the City of New Sarum, was prefen ted to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observing, in the Arrangement of Union proposed by our Sifter Kingdom, (he requires that the existing Laws, for the Prohibition of British Wool, shall be repealed, so far as relates to

herself, notwithstanding (he, at the same Time, appears to claim the Continuance of protesting Duties to her Woollen Manufactures, the Petitioners therefore are greatly alarmed at the Importance of this Proposition; and that the Petitioners are of Opinion, the Growth of Wool in Great Britain is not, at present, more than sufficient to supply the Manufacturers to execute their Commissions for Home.and Foreign Markets, and, if any Part thereof is suffered to be taken away, the Petitioners must feel a material Injury; and that the Petitioners fee with Concern, in cal'e British Wool is permitted to be exported to Ireland, it may, under false Pretences, be conveyed to Foreign Countries, and that no Vigilance can prevent it in Times of Peace, consequently this Country would then not only experience a Loss in Proportion as the Sifter Country derives an Advantage, but other Nations will be able to obtain a Preference in Foreign Markets: And therefore praying, That they may not, in the Arrangement of Union between the Two Kingdoms, be deprived of an Article which has ever been known to be a great Source of Support to the numerous Poor of the said City and Neighbourhood, and of general Wealth and Happiness to the Inhabitants of Great Britain.

A Petition of the Manufacturers, and others, concerned in the Wool and Woollen Trade, residing in, or near to, the Town of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners notice, with inexprefiible Anxiety, amongst the Resolutions passed by the Parliament of Ireland, for an Union with this Kingdom, a Proposition or Declaration, " That, from and after the i ft Day of " January 1801, all Prohibitions and Bounties on the " Exports of Articles the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of either Country to the other, shall cease " and determine j" and that, fully convinced that the Growth of Wool in this Kingdom is far inadequate to its present Consumption, and that it has Occasion for the Assistance of a Foreign Supply, they strongly dread, that, should the Proposition or Resolution above alluded to be carried into Effect, the Manufacturers of this Kingdom would be highly prejudiced, if not the Manufacture ruined; and that the Petitioners firmly apprehend, and they trust not without just Grounds, that under Pretext of exporting Wool to the Sifter Kingdom, this Staple Commodity will easily ani# readily find its Way into Foreign Kingdoms, not only to the great Detriment of the British Manufacturers, but to the enabling our Rivals to supplant them in Foreign Markets: And therefore praying. That the existing Laws, pruhi-

blV-.g

Further Coni

federation of Report on Waste Land I, ticferied.

Petitions rfe-lpe£tingWo©l.

Clothiers of New SaiunU

Marmra£l»r er , &c. of Banbury

ers, &c. of Hailirgilen.

Manufacturers, &c. of Bury in Lan-caihue.

Perfcj ins interest n in the \VooIlcn Manufactures.

MarufnOur . «r-, &c, of Coiuc *

40 Geo. III.

286 Jpril

439

biting the Exportation of Woo), may not be altered or repealed.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Land and Mill Owners, and others, interested in the Prospe-rity of the Woollen Manufactures of the Town and Parish of Haslingden, in the County of Lancaster, was

presented to the House, and read: Setting forth, That the Petitioners are friendly to the Union of Great Britain with Ireland, as firmly believing that that Measure will add to the general Strength and Prosperity of the Empire: That the Petitioners find, by One of the Articles of the Union of Great Britain with Ireland, that the Wool of Great Britain is proposed to be exported to Ireland, and the Petitioners, sensible that the Woollen Manufactories have always been the Staple Trade of this Kingdom, having been the Foundation of the Industry, the Domestic Happiness, the Wealth, and National Dignity, of this Country, and, as it has likewise been the Policy of our Forefathers to preserve our native Wool at Home, the Petitioners conceive, that allowing the Exportation of it, under any Circumstances, would be both impolitic and dangerous, as it mult ultimately tend to the Destruction of our Manufactories, and to the inevitable Ruin of the industrious Poor now employed in them; and that, impressed with the strongest Conviction that the Wool grown in Great Britain will not be more than sufficient to supply the Consumption of its present Manufactories, and which are daily increasing, the Petitioners pray. That the Exportation of Wool to Ireland may not, for the cogent Reasons already given, be suffered to pass into a Law. .

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Land and Mill Owners, and others interested in the Prosperity of the Woollen Manufactures of the Town and Neighbourhood of Bury, in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners consider the Union of Great Britain with Ireland as a desirable Object, being firmly of Opinion that that Measure will be attended with many great Advantages to both Countries; and that it is an undoubted FaCb, that Wool was exported from Great Britain to Foreign Countries in a Clandestine Manner, so long as those Countries were capable of carrying on their Woollen Manufactories, notwithstanding the many Laws which have from Time to Time been passed to prohibit and guard against such illicit Exportation; and that the Petitioners, conscious that Foreign Countries derive a very great Advantage in their Woollen Manufactories from a Mixture of Wool of their own Growth with that of Great Britain, are apprehendve that the great Temptations which such Foreigners usually hold out to encourage such illicit Trade will have a Tendency to produce an Exportation of Wool to a great Extent, when the Opportunities for that Purpose are increased j and that the Petitioners observe, in One of the Articles of the Union of Great Britain with Ireland, that it is proposed to allow the Exportation of the Wool of Great Britain to Ireland; and that the Petitioners are firmly persuaded that, at the Termination of the War, the Exportation of British Wool to Foreign Countries will be carried on, with the greatest Facility, to a great Extent, under Pretence of conveying such Wool to Ireland, and which will be attended with the most ruinous Consequences to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That there may be no Law passed permitting the Exportation of Wool to Ireland.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Land and Mill Owners, and others, of Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, interested in the Prosperity of the Woollen Manufactures of this Country: Apd also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Land and Mill Owners, and others, of Wakefield, in the County of York, interested in the Prosperity of the Woollen Manufactures of this Country: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Land and Mill Owners, and others, interested in the Prosperity

Vol. 55.

of the Woollen Manufactures of this Country, in the Town and Neighbourhood of Colne, in the County of Lancaster: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Land Manufaetut. and Mill Owners, and others, of the Town and Neighbourhood, of Burnley, in the County of Lancaster, who are. interested in the Prosperity of the Woollen Manufactures of this Country 5 And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Land of Leeds, and Mill Owners, and others, interested in the Prosperity of the Woollen Manufactures of the West Riding of the County of York, redding in the Town and Neighbourhood of Leedsj

Were severally presented to the House, and read 1 Setting forth, That the Petitioners are friendly to the Union of Great Britain with Ireland, as firmly believing that that Measure will add to the general Strength and Prosperity of the Empire: That the illicit Exportation of Wool from Great Britain to Foreign Countries (notwithstanding the many existing Laws prohibiting and guarding against such Exportation) was certainly carried on so long as those Countries were capable of carrying on their Woollen Manufactories; and that the Petitioners, knowing the great Advantage which the Woollen Manufactories of Foreign Countries reap from a Mixture of the Wool of Great Britain with the Wool which is the Growth of those Countries, are fearful that the great Temptations usually held out by such Foreigners, as an Encouragement to such illicit Trade, will have the Effect of producing an Exportation of Wool to a great Degree when it may be not only practicable but easy; and that the Petitioners find, by One of the Articles of Union of Great Britain with Ireland, that the Wool of Great Britain is proposed to be exported to Ireland, and the Petitioners are satisfied that, under the Pretence of conveying such Wool to Ireland, the Exportation of that Article to Foreign Countries will take Effect to a great Extent (when Peace arrives) without any Possibility of its Prevention, to the incalculable Loss of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That the Exportation of Wool to Ireland may not, by any Law to be passed by the House, be permitted.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Traders, ManufjftuN and others, of the Town and Neighbourhood of . in p^|&c'of the County of Montgomery, in the Flannel and Woollen 00 Manufactures, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, that, in the intended Union between Great Britain and Ireland, it is proposed, by One of the Articles of such Union, to export British Wool to Ireland j and that the Petitioners are anxious for the Completion of such Union, apprehending it will be for the better Security, Advantage, and Happiness, of both Countries: That the Petitioners arc aware of the great Advantage there is in the Mixture of British Wool with the Wool of other Countries} and that an illicit Trade for the Exportation of Wool ha9 been to a considerable Extent carried on, to the Injury of the Manufactures of the Country, notwithstanding the present Law for preventing the Exportation of Wool to Foreign 'Countries; and the Petitioners are fearful, that, from the Situation and Contiguity of the to the IriftiCoaft, a very considerable Exportation of

Welsh Wool will take place, to the great Injury of the Woollen Manufactures in the Principality of Wales, and are apprehensive that, from the Temptations held out by Foreigners for encouraging an illicit Trade, large Quantities of such Wool will be carried into their Ports, and worked up with their own Wool, to the very great Loss of all those interested in the Woollen Trade of this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That the House will not sanction the Exportation o'! British Wool to Ireland.

A Petition

M.inut can'-rt\s, &c of SUcwlbury.

Mamish&ur-<rs, &c. of Kxeter.

D° of Fromc.

Blanket Wra-vt rs in Wit-

440 a8° Ap 1 1800.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, in the Town of Shrein the County of Salop, interested in the Prosperity of the Woollen Manufactures of the Counties of,

neth, and Denbigh, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners understand, in the proposed Union between Great Britain and Ireland, that, by One of the Articles of the Union, British Wool is proposed to be exported to Ireland; and that the Petitioners would wish all in their Power to further the Union between the Two Countries, apprehending, as they do, that' such an Event will tend to the Security, Advantage, and Happiness, of both; and that many of the Petitioners are considerable Purchaser^ of the Woollen Cloths and Flannels which are manufactured in the adjoining Counties of Montgomery, Merioneth, and Denbigh, which they dispose of in different Parts of this Kingdom, as well as in divers Foreign Countries; and that the Petitioners know the great Advantage there is in the Mixture of British Wool with the Wool of other Countries, and that, notwithstanding the existing Laws prohibiting the Exportation of Wool to Foreign Countries, Hill an illicit Trade for that Purpose, to a considerable Extent, has been carried on, to the Prejudice of the Manufactures of this Country; and that the Petitioners are very apprehensive, from the local Situation and Contiguity of the WelJhCoaft to the Irish Coast, that a very considerable Exportation of Welsh Wool will take place, to the great Detriment and Injury of the Woollen Manufactures in the Principality,"and are fearful, from the Temptations which will be held out by Foreigners to encourage an illicit Trade, a great Part of such Wool will be carried into their Ports, and worked up with their own Wool, to the immediate and incalculable Lois of all those interested in the Woollen Trade of this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That the House will not sanction the Exportation of British Wool to Ireland.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Mill Owners, and others, concerned in the Wool and Woollen Trade in the City of Exeter, and the Towns of Tiverton, Ashbnrtoi:, Totnes, Tavistock, Oakhampton, Honiton, lumptcn, Crediton, Newton, and other Places, in the County of Devon, and Wellington, in the County of So-merjet: And also,

A Petition of the Manufacturers, and others, interested in the Woollen Trade, in the Town of Frame, and its Vicinity, in the County of Somerset:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, although favourable to an Union with our Sifter Kingdom, observe with great Concern that the existing Laws, prohibiting the Exportation of British Wool to Ireland, are to be repealed; and that the Petitioners beg Leave to impress on the House the great Importance and Value of the Woollen Trade, and to remind them of thecon-stant Care which the Legislature has at all Times taken to secure to this Country the exclusive Consumption of its own Wool; and that the Petitioners are convinced the Wool, the Growth of this Country, is not equal to the Demand of the Manufacturers, and therefore, if any Wool in its Raw State be permitted to be exported, it must very materially injure the Manufacturing and Landed Interests of the Country, and operate as a severe Check on the Labour and Industry of the lower Classes employed so exten-fively in the Woollen Trade; and that the Pe-tioners are convinced, in cale Permission be given to export Wool, that, under Pretence of carrying it to Ireland, large Quantities will be conveyed to Foreign Countries: And therefore praying. That the Exportation of British Wool to Ireland be not permitted to pat's into a Law.

A Petition of the Mailer, Assistants, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Incorporated Company of Blanket

Weavers, inhabiting in Witney, in the County of or within Twenty Miles thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners carry on a very considerable Trade in manufacturing Blankets, Shags, Stripes, Coatings, and other Goods, from the middling and coarser Kinds of Wool, and Annually consume in such Manufacture upwards of Twelve Thousand Packs, amounting to more than Two Millions Eight Hundred Thousand Pounds Weight, in the Carding, Spinning, Weaving, Fulling, Dying, and other collateral Branches of the Trade, which is wholly done by'Hand, many Thousand Persons in Witnessand its Vicinity are employed, who yearly earn, and are paid, upward of Sixty Thousand Pounds for the fame; and the Petitioners find, with inexpressible Concern, that a Repeal is proposed of so much of the existing Laws as prohibits the Exportation of Wool, so far as relates to Ireland, which, if carried into Effect, will be attended with the most ruinous and fatal Consequences to the Trade, by depriving the Manufacturers of a great Part of the Raw Commodity, totally preventing many of them carrying on their Business, leaving unemployed many Hundreds of Spinners, Weavers, Fullers, and others, (who now gain a comfortable Subsistence in theirdiflerent Branches,) and throwing them Burthens on their respective Parishes: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and, by supporting the existing Laws pro-hibing the Exportation of Wool, continue to the Petitioners the Blessings of Trade, the Means of supporting themselves and Families, and of employing the numerous Dependants on this Manufactory, which the Petitioners will in a great Measure, if not totally, be deprived of, if the Measure proposed, so far as relates to the Exportation of Wool to Ireland, should pais into a Law.

A Petition of the Manufacturers, Land and Mill Owners, and others, interested in the Prosperity of the Woollen Manufactures of the Part of the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are convinced that the U nion oi Great Britain with Ireland will add to the Strength and Prosperity of the Empire, but they observe with inexpressible Concern, that if, in the Arrangement (he pro-poles, the Laws prohibiting the Exportation of Wool (so far as relates to herself) should be repealed, it would be the Total Ruin of the Staple Trade of this Kingdom; and that the Petitioners do believe, that the Growth of English Wool is not sufficient for the Annual

Consumption of the Manufacturers, to supply the Home and Foreign Markets, and, if permitted to be sent to Ireland, would be equally felt by the Landed Interest, as well as the Merchant and Manufacturer, by throwing an incalculable Number of Poor out of Employ; and that the Petitioners are firmly persuaded, that, under the Pretence of conveying English Wool to Ireland, the Exportation of that Article to Foreign Countries would be inevitable, and our Enemies would be supplied with the Means of rivalling the Petitioners in Foreign Markets: And therefore praying, That the Exportation of this valuable Article may not be permitted by any Law to be passed.

A Petition of the Woollen Manufacturers residing in the Borough of Sudbury, Town of Meljord, in the County of Suffolk, and Ha/Jiead, in the County of was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, with inexpressible Concern, thar, in the projected Arrangement of the Union with the Sifter Kingdom, flie proposes, that the existing Laws prohibiting the Exportation of British Wool should be repealed so far as relates to herself, whilst, on her Part, she claims the Continuance of protecting Duties for her Woollen Manufactures; and that the Petitioners conceive, that the Growth of Wool in Great Britain is not sufficient to supply the Manufactures thereof with a Quantity equal to the Demand for Home Consumption and Foreign Markets, so that, if any Part is fullered to be taken away, the Petitioners must experience very

g-eat

Manufacturers, &c. ot Somcii'ct.

M 'mf? Oarers ot Sudbury, 6c c.

Manufactur-rrsj Sic. of Markrt Har-borough.

D° of Huddersfield.

Persons concerned in the Wcoilen Trade of Kidder miuiter.

40 Geo. III. a8° Aprilis. 441

great Injury; and that the Petitioners are moil seriously great Degree, the Removal of such Manufactories to the

alarmed, in case British Wool should be permitted to be exported, that, under a Pretence of carrying it to Ireland, great Quantities would be conveyed tO-Foreign Countries, whereby the Petitioners would be very great Sufferers: And therefore praying, That no Alteration may be made in the existing Laws, so far as they prohibit the Export of Wool.

A Petition of the Manufacturers and others intefefted in the Prosperity of the Woollen Manufactures of the Town and Neighbourhood of Market in the County of Leicester: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Land and Mill Owners, and others, interested in the Prosperity of the Woollen Manufactures of the Town and Neighbourhood of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, with the deepest Concern, in the Sixth Article of the Resolutions of the Parliament of , respectingan Union of the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, a Declaration, " That, from the " 1 ft Day of January 1801, all Prohibitions and " Bounties on the Exports of Articles, the " Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of either " (Country to the other, shall cease and determineand that the Petitioners cannot behold with Indifference that the Wisdom of the Legislaturc of Great Britain for Centuries past, in confining the Consumption of the Wool of its own Growth to its own Manufactures, will be rendered nugatory if the above Resolution should be ratified by the British Parliament; and that, from the rapid Increase of the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, through the great Improvements in Machinery, and also by the large Inclosures of the Waste Lands, the Growth of Wool in Great Britain is not equal to its present Consumption, but requires the Aid of a Foreign Supply, which is often precarious and uncertain; and that the Petitioners therefore consider the Exportation of our Wool to Ireland as dangerous, and highly prejudicial to the great Staple Manufactures of this Kingdom, and that no Compensation can be adequate to the Loss which this Country will sustain by such a Measure: To prevent the illicit Export of our Wool to Foreign Countries, to prevent the Ruin of our invaluable Manufacture, and also to prevent the Distress of Thousands now employed by it in Great Britain, the Petitioners pray the House, That the Exportation of Wool may not, under any Circumstances, be permitted.

A Petition of the several Persons concerned in the various Branches of the Woollen Trade carried on in the . Town of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners impressed with a due Sense of the Advantages that have long been secured to us, by wife and salutary Laws, passed for prohibiting the Exportation of Wool, the native Growth of this Kingdom, and viewing, with great Alarm, that in the proposed Arrangement of the Union between this Kingdom and Ireland, theie Law's, so far as respect that Kingdom, are intended to be repealed; and that the Petitioners believe, from Experience, that the Wool grow'n in Great Britain is barely sufficient to supply the Consumption of its present Manufactories, which are daily increasing; and they conceive, that if the Exportation of Wool, of British Growth, should, under any Circumstances, be allowed and fanClioned by the House, such Exportation will, in its Operations, prove finally injurious to the Manufactories, and highly detrimental to this Country, not only by enhancing the Price of the Raw' Material (at present much too high) but that it may ultimately eftect, in a Vol. 55. r

Sifter Kingdom, where the Working Mechanic can live much cheaper, and where, the Petitioners apprehend, the protecting, or Export Duties, from this Country, are intended to exist upon English Woollens, to prevent their Interference with the Irish Manufactories: And therefore praying. That the House will fee fit to continue to the Petitioners, and to this Country, the Laws, Re-strictions, and Privileges, which have proved such an abundant Source of Prosperity.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Land Mmufaflur. Owners, Mill Owners, and others, interested in the of

Wool and Woollen Trade in the Town and Neighbourhood of Halifax, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by the proposed Union of Ireland with Great Britain, the Laws prohibiting the Exportation of Wool, so far as regards that Country, are to be repealed; and that the Petitioners feel the most serious Alarm at a Proposition so unjust to them, and so opposite to the ancient and wife Policy of their Ancestors; and that the glorious and happy Effects of preserving to this Kingdom its native Wool need no IUuftratioiT, and its Pre-eminence for Ages has justly given it the Title of the Staple Trade, and it is the Basis of the most beneficial System of Agriculture, and has been the Foundation of the immenle Improvement of the Value of the Landed Property of this Kingdom; and that at this Moment it is become extensive and important beyond all former Periods, and it is an indisputable Fact, that our Annual Produce of Wool is not equal to our Annual Consumption, therefore this Proposition is pregnant with Evil, and highly dangerous, and will most assuredly open a wide Field for illicit Exportation, which the most rigorous Laws and the utmost Exercise of human Vigilance cannot prevent; and that the Petitioners, on these Grounds, feel it a Duty they owe to themselves and to Posterity, to pray that the House will protect this Kingdom from so pernicious and destructive a Measure, and not suffer such a Proposition to become an Article in the proposed Union.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Land Matrofnftiirsrs Owners, Mill Owners, and other Persons, interested in £c-ofK-"6h-the Woollen Manufactures carried on in the Town of Keighley, and the Neighbourhood thereof in the West Riding of the County of York: And also, *

Another Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, d».

Land Owners, Mill Owners, and other Persons, interested in the Woollen Manufactures carried on in the Town of Keighley, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the West Riding of the County of York: And also.

Another Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers,

Land Owners, Mill Owners, and other Persons, interested in the Woollen Manufactures carried on in the Town of Keighley, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the West Riding of the County of York: And also,

Another Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, D».

Land Owners, Mill Owners, and other Persons, interested in the Woollen Manufactures carried on in the Town of Keighley, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the West Riding of the County of York;

~ "ere severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners understand, that by One of the Articles of the intended Union of Ireland with Great Britain, British Wool is proposed to be exported to Ireland; and that the Manufacture of Wool through its different Branches, in many Parts of this Kingdom, is the only Means of Subsistence to the Poor of all Ages; and that the present Annual Produce of Wool in Great Britain is not Sufficient for the Supply of her various Manufactures, as such the Exportation of her Wool to any Place would be attended with Mischief in the extreme, and the Town and Neighbourhood of Keighley, amongst innumerable others, would seriously teel its Ef *

5 U fcCts,

ManufoAur *

e» &c. of JJsadlurd.

Manufacturers &c« of Suffolk *

O.'ner Petitions

r,-uefting \\ ool.

>1 nuf-Mr-hs &c.ci'

Jvv

44 2

28° Ap

A1800.

fects, info much that a great Number of Poor, who procure a Livelihood in the Manufacture, would be totally thrown out of Employment: And therefore praying, That the House will not lanction any Proposition, or pass any Law, allowing the Exportation of Wool into or elsewhere.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Land and Mill Owners, and others, interested in the Prospe-,rity of the Woollen Manufactures, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Bradford, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners find, by One of the Articles of the Union of Great Britain with Ireland, that the Wool of Great Britain is proposed to be exported to Ireland; and that the Trade and Prosperity of the Town and Neighbourhood of Bradford depend, in a great Measure, upon the entire Prevention of the Exportation of Wool from this Kingdom; and that the present Annual Produce of Wool in Great Britain is already infus-ficient to supply her different Manufactories, and the Exportation of it, under any Circumstances, or to any Place, will be productive of incalculable Injury; and that the Mancfacture of Wool, in various Forms, fur-nilhes, in that Part of the Kingdom, the only Means of Subsistence to a great Proportion of the Poor of all Ages, and to allow any Deprivation of this our Staple Commodity would be the Height of- Impolicy: And therefore praying. That the Exportation of Wool to Ireland may not, by any Law to be passed by the House, be permitted.

A Petition of the Yarn Makers, Wool Dealers, and Manufacturers of Worsted and Woollen Goods in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the.{binning of Wool furnishes the principal Employment of the Wives and Children of the Labouring Poor in the said County; and that the Wool spun in the said County, when manufactured into Worsted Stuffs, is increased Ten-fold of its original Value, and that principally by what is paid for Labour; and that our own Manufactories are fully capable of working up all the Wool grown in these Kingdoms; and that the Petitioners understand, that, by an Article in the proposed Union of Ireland with Great Britain, the Laws, prohibiting the Exportation of Wool, are to be repealed, so far as they relate to Ireland; and the Petitioners conceive, that such a Measure would be highly injurious to the Woollen Manufactures of these Kingdoms, inasmuch as the allowed Exportation of Wool to Ireland would facilitate the illicit Exportation of it to Foreign Countries beyond all Possibility of Prevention; and that, by diminishing the Supply of Wool wanted by the Manufacturers of these Kingdoms, the Employment of the Poor would be lessened, and the Community deprived of the Advantage of increasing its Wealth by the Produce of Labour: And therefore praying, That the Exportation of British Wool to Ireland, may not, on any Account, be permitted.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of His Majesty's most Gracious Message of the 2d Day of this Instant April, communicating to this House the Resolutions of the Lords and Commons of Ireland respecting an Union between the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, with their Address to His Majesty thereupon.

A Petition of the Merchants, principal Manufacturers, Land and Mill Owners, interested in the Prosperity of the Woolion Manufactories of the Town and Neighbourhood of Rochdale, in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Support and even Existenceof the said Town, and its very populous Neighbourhood, almost entirely depend upon the Woollen Manufactory; and that the increased

Trade has operated in causing such a Demand for Wool, that the Price of that Article has advanced very considerably, and is now very high; and the Petitioners are apprehensive that the present Growth of Wool is not adequate to the Supply of the Manufactories already established, and therefore they fee with a great Degree of Alarm the Measure proposed, in the Regulations about to be brought forward for a Legislative Union with Ireland, to permit the free Exportation of Wool to

that Country, which the Petitioners are fully of Opinion will operate in a Manner highly detrimental to the Interests of the said Town and its Neighbourhood, and also of the Landed Interests of England at large: And therefore praying. That the Exportation of Wool to Ireland may not, by any Law to be passed by the House, be permitted; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, against any Bill or Bills to be brought into the House authorizing Or permitting such Exportation.

A Petition of the Wool Staplers and Wool Dealers residing in London, Southwark, and Parishes adjoining, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, with inexpressible Concern, that, in the projected Arrangement of the Union with Ireland now before the House, it is proposed that the Laws which have been passed by the Parliament of Great Britain for preventing the Exportation of Wool shall be repealed, so far as relates to the Sifter Kingdom, whilst, at the same Time, Ihe claims the Continuance of protecting Duties for her Woollen Manufactures; and that the Petitioners conceive, if such proposed Regulations are passed into a Law, the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom will be left in a Situation which will enable Ireland to rival her in this Staple Commodity of the Kingdom; and that, under Pretence of Wool being conveyed to Ireland, great Quantities will be conveyed to Foreign Countries, without the Possibility of Prevention (especially in Times of Peace) and the Facility with which it may be conveyed from various Parts of Ireland free from Detection, furnishes the Petitioners with strong Apprehensions that much larger Quantities will find their Way into Foreign Countries, to the great Loss of the Merchants and Manufacturers of these Kingdoms; and that the Petitioners are constrained, by a Sense of that Duty they owe to themselves as Well as to Posterity, and from an ardent Wilh for the Prosperity of the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, to represent to the House the alarming Situation in which they conceive that important Branch of Trade will be placed, should the present Laws for preventing the Exportation of Wool be in any Manner repealed or relaxed: And therefore praying. That, in the projected Arrangement for such Union, no Measures may be adopted so as to allow the Exportation of Wool to Ireland, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the Propo-fitions for such Union passing into a Law, so far as respects the Exportation of Wool, and that the House will afford to the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom such Protection and Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Merchants, Factors, Warehousemen, and others, concerned in the Wool and Woollen Trade, residing in London, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, with inexpressible Concern, that, in the projected Arrangement of the Union with our Sifter Kingdom, Ihe pro-poles that the existing Laws, prohibiting the Exportation of British Wool, should be repealed, so far as relates to herself, whilst, on her Part, Ihe claims the Continuance of protecting Duties for her Woollen Manufactures; and that the Petitioners conceive and believe that the Growth of Wool in Great Britain is not sufficient to supply the Manufactures thereof with a Quantity equal to the present Demand for Horne Consumption and Foreign Markets, so that, if any Part is suffered to be taken away, the Petitioners and the Manufacturers mull experience

Wool Dealer of London, &c.

Merchants, &c. of London.

40 Geo. III.

28° Jprilis.

Committee on

ICiwg's Mei-Xage respecting an Union with Ireland.

Papers preferred.

Statement of jrternalDuties.

Counterrail-ing Duties on lri(h Articles

perience very great Injury; and that the Petitioners are most seriously alarmed (in case BritiJIi Wool should be permitted to be exported) that, under Pretence of carrying it to Ireland, great Quantities would be conveyed to

Foreign Countries, without the Possibility of Prevention (especially in Times of Peace); and that the Facility with which it might be passed from various Parts of Ireland^ free from Detection, furnishes strong Apprehen-fions that (till latger Quantities would find their Way into Foreign Countries, whereby the British Merchant and Manufacturer would suffer, and the Enemies and Rivals of the United Kingdoms be furnished with Means of supplanting both the Petitioners and the new Members of the Empire in Foreign Markets: And therefore praying, That no Alteration may be made in the existing Laws, so far as they prohibit the Exportation of Wool; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of His Majesty's most Gracious Message of the 2d Day of this Instant communicating to this House the Resolutions of the Lords and Commons of Ireland respecting an Union between the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, with their Address to His Majesty thereupon; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves, their Agent's, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of His Majesty's said most Gracious Message, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The House resolved itfelfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr..Douglas reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred i and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of His Majesty's said most Gracious Message.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Statement of the internal Duties payable in Britain on the following Articles of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture thereof, and of the Duties on the Materials of which the said Articles are composed, videlicet, Beer, Bricks and Tiles, Candles, Chocolate, Cocoa Paste, and Cocoa Nuts, Cordage, Cyder and Perry, Glass, Hops, Leather unmanufactured and manufactured, Mead or Metheglin, Paper and Books, printed Goods, Salt, Silk, Soap, Spirits, Starch and Hair Powder, Sugar, Sweets, Tobacco and Snuff, Verjuice and Vinegar, and Wire; together with a Statement of the Rates of Duty on Importation of such Articles which would be sufficient (as far as the same can be estimated) to countervail such internal Duty or Duties on the Materials, specifying the Grounds on which such Estimate is computed: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " A Schedule of Articles being " of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Ireland, " charged oty Importation from thence into Great Britain, with countervailing Duties of Customs or Excise, " together with the Rates of such Duties."

And the Titles of the said Statement and Paper were read.

Vol. 55.

443

Ordered, That the said Statement and Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Statement and Paper be printed, as flra.ll be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Statement and Paper are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Account of

Account of the Quantity of Foreign Wool imported Foreign Wool into Great Britain in the Nine Yeprs preceding the 5th oTikred. January 1800; distinguishing each Year.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Militia offi.

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, cers Allow-upon the Bill for granting certain Allowances to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants of Militia, disembodied, under an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to accept the " Services of an additional Number of Volunteers from " the Militia, under certain Restrictions

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee on

Act respecting Duties on Sugar and Cof-tec, deterred.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Sugar imported " and exported, and on Coffee exported; and for reduc- ing the Drawbacks now allowed on the Exportation

" of Sugar," as impoies Duties on Sugar and Coffee ex- ' ported j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

- The House was moved. That the Order, made upon HuddersCsii Friday last, for taking into further Consideration, Tomorrow, the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Canal Company to finith and complete thp Huddersfield Canal, and for amending the Ad, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Huddersfield Canal, was committed, might be read. v

; And the said Order being read accordingly j

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

: The House was moved. That the Order, made upon D«rne and Friday last, for taking into further Consideration, Tomorrow, the Report which was made from the Com- ‘ ' mittee, to whom the Bill to enable the Dearne and Dove Canal Company to finish and complete the said Canal, and the several Collateral Cuts branching therefrom;

nd for explaining, amending, and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and for increasing the Tolls thereby granted, was committed, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis,

444

A. 1800.

Wrawby Inclosure Bill, gominitted.

Spalding Roads Bill, committed.

Petition of Woollen Ma-nufalhirers of Wiveliicombe.

Maldon Bridge Bill, presented.

Chelmsford Chuic'i additional Petition.

29° Aprilis.

Martisy 2 90 die Apr tits \

Anno 40 Georgii I1I, U Regis, 1S00.

Prayers.

A BILL for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Carrs, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Wrawby-cum-Brigg, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Gilbert Heathcote, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Spalding High Bridge through Littleworth, and by Frognall, and over James Deeping Stone Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Maxey in the County of

Northampton, adjoining to the High Road there, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vyner, Sir Gilbert Heatluole, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Woollen Manufacturers, and others, concerned in the Woollen Trade, in the Town of Wive life ombe, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, favourable as they are to an Union with Ireland, observe, with inexpressible Concern, that the Laws now existing, prohibiting the Exportation of British Wool to that Country, should be repealed, whilst, on her Part, Ike claims the Duties for protecting her Woollen Manufactures; and that the Petitioners conceive the Wool grown in Great Britain is scarcely sufficient to supply the Demands of the Manufacturers, and therefore if Wool, in its Raw State, is allowed to be exported, the Petitioners and their Labourers must suffer a very great Injury; and that the Petitioners are alarmed that, in case British Wool is allowed to be exported, under Pretence of carrying it to Ireland, large Quantities will find its Way into Foreign Countries, by which the British Merchant and Manufacturer will be materially injured, as it will be the Means of the Petitioners being rivalled in a Foreign Market: And therefore praying, That the pro-poled Permission of exporting British Wool to Ireland may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of His Majesty's most Gracious Message of the 2d Day of this Instant April, communicating to this House the Resolutions of the Lords and Commons of Ireland respecting an Union between the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, with their Address to His Majesty thereupon.

Mr. Strutt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for building a new Bridge over the River Ckelmer, or Blackwater, at Fullbridge, in the Town of Maldon, in the County of F.ssex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto lubscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town of Chelmsford, in the County of was presented to the

9

House, and read; Setting forth, That Application is mak-ingtothe House fora Bill for repairing the Parish Church of Chelmsfordaforesaid; and that, on Account of the Accident by which the greater Part of the said Church was lately destroyed, it became necessary to take down the Organ which formerly flood therein, and that it is fit the same should be again placed in the said Church, and that some Provision should be made for paying a Salary to an Organift, the Expence whereof hath heretofore been defrayed by Voluntary Contributions, the Amount whereof hath been precarious; and that the Town of Chelmsford is large and populous, and the Church Yard belonging to the said Church being situate in the Centre of the Town is subject to various Nuisances, Annoyances, Misdemeanors, and Irregularities, which it is the Wilh of the Inhabitants to prevent for the future: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for reinstating the Organ in the said Church, and providing a certain and permanent Salary for an Organist, and for preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Misdemeanors, and Irregularities, in the said Church Yard, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of His Majesty's most Gracious Mef-sage of the 2d Day of this Instant April, communi- . eating to this House the Resolutions of the Lords and Commons of Ireland, respecting an Union between the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, with their Address to His Majesty thereupon, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Ml. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Jtlr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of His Majesty's said most Gracious Message.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Wibnot:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to permit the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Countries in America, belonging to any Foreign European Sovereign or State, in Neutral Ships, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand Eight hundred and One; without any Amendment; And also, -

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting a Bounty on the Importation of Oats until the First Day of October One thousand Eight hundred; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving, the Open Fields, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Ludham, in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts,

passed

Committee on King's Message respecting an. Union with Ireland *

The Lords have agreed to

Neutral Ships Bill.

Oats Bounty BUI.

Ludham In *

closure and Drainage Bill,

Heron Syke and Em?nt Bridge Road Bill.

Over and Nether Dean In closure Bill, with Amendments.

The Lords have paired West Estate BUI.

Copy of Agreement with the Duke of Richmond, planted.

Petition of Innkeepers, o

Petition relative to Notices for Sprowfton Inclosure.

40 Geo. III. . 290 Aprilis. 445

passed for widening and repairing the High Road leading from Heron Syke, which divides the Counties of

and Westmorland, to the Town of Kendal,

and from the said Town of Kirkby in ,through

the Town of Shap, to Emont in the said County of (Vejlmorland; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Over and Dean,

in the County of Bedford; with some Amendments j to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in Heneage Legge and William , Esquires,

divers Freehold Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, late the Estate of Sarah West, Widow, and conveyed by her to Joseph Martin, Esquire, and Beriah Hills, Gentleman, by Indentures of Lealc and Release, bearing Date respectively the Twentieth and Twenty-first Days of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, upon several Trulls, and for enabling the said Heneage Lfgge and William Sheldon to execute such of the same Trulls as are now fublilling; to which the Lords deflre the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copy of an Agreement between the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury and the moll Nohle Charles Duke of Richmond, in pursuance of an Act of the last Session of Parliament.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Irfhkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the City of Coventry, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the Lolfes which the Petitioners alledge they sustain from the Quartering of Horse and Foot Soldiers, on Account of the High Price of Hay and Straw, and the Dearness of every Article of Housekeeping; and praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as Hi all seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the several other Petitions of the Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, are referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition j and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates within the Parish of Sprowfton, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House on the 5th Day of March last. Notices were given, on the Door of the Parish Church of Sprowfton, on Three Sundays in the Month of March last, and of this present Month of April, or One of them, of an Application having been made to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Parish, in such and the like Manner as such Notices are required 40 be given by the Standing Orders of the House re-' lative to Bills for inclosing, draining, and preserving Lands: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Parish of Sprowfton, by such Ways and Means, and Vol. 55-

under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House Qiall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. AJlley, Sir Martin Browne Folkes, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Mom ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. 1

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for suspending the Duties on Hops imported into Great Britain, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improving, the several Open Arable Fields, Ings, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Womeiftey, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for establishing and well governing the charitable Institution, commonly called The Asylum, or House of Refuge for the Reception of Orphan Girls, the Settlements of whose Parents cannot be found; and for incorporating the Subscribers thereto, and for the better empowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful Designs: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Glover (from the Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain) attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Total Quantity of Spanish Wool imported into Great Britain in the last Nine Years; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better " Regulation of Mills," was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Tep of the Clock.

£ X Mercurii,

Hop Duties Bill, presented *

Womerfley '

Inclosure Bil)> presented.

Asylum Charity Bill, presented.

Account o C Spanish Wool imported, presented.

Bill for better Regulation of Mills, deferred *

44<5

Mercuriiy 30 Apr ills \

Anno 40 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1800. Prayers.

Petitions of A PETITION of the there-undersigned Innkeep-iniikeepers, ers> Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Town of

Wetnerby: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Vic-J tuallers, and Publicans, of the Borough of fter, in the county of : And also,

A Petition of the Innkeepers and Victuallers of the . Borough of Dorchester: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Vic- tuallers, and Publicans, of the Citp of New , and

Neighbourhood thereof: And also,

A Petition of the Innholders and Publicans of the . Town and County of the Town of And

also,

A Petition of the Innkeepers and Victuallers of the several Parishes in the County of , thereunder mentioned: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York, and Townships adjacent;

Were severally presented to the House, and read -y Complaining of the Losses which the Petitioners alledge they sustain from the Quartering of Horse and Foot Soldiers, on Account of the High Price of Hay and Straw, and the Dearness of every Article of Housekeeping; and praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as shall seem meet. And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the . Committee, to whom the several other Petitions of the Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, are referred: And they are to examine the Matters of thele Petitions; and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House.

LerdsAmend- The House proceeded to take into Consideration the ments to Den- Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled. Bill, agmcTto. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Field, or Mesne Inclosure, Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Denby, otherwise Denby with Clayton Wtjl, in the West Riding of the County of York.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 29. Leave out " other."

The said Amendment, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Petition rela- Mr. AJllcy reported from the Committee, to whom for' s°rowfton Petition of 'the several Persons, whole Names are incioiurtj re" thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates within ported. the Parish of Sprowston, in the County of Norfolk, was

referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Unihank, being examined, said, That in pur-2

30° Aprilis. 1800V

fuance of Leave granted by the House on the 5th Day of March last, Notices have been given on the Door of the Parish Church of S Three different Sundays in the said Month of March and present Month of April, of an Applicat ion having been made to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Parish,' in such and the like Manner as the Standing Orders of this House relative to Bills of In-'closure require such Notices to be given.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of and of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of all the Estates in the Parish of Sprowston, in the County of Norfolk, to which belong Rights of Common, over and upon the Commons and Waste Grounds in the said Parish, which was presented to the House upon the 24th Day of February last, and also the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. AJlley and Sir Martin Biowne do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pasture, Waste, and other Unincloled Lands and Grounds, in the Parish or Lordship of Baf-hotm, in the County of Lincoln, and also, certain Inter-common Fields belonging to the Hamlet of Stow and Parish of Barholm, in the said County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vyner, Sir Gilbert Heathcote,-&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. *

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Pastures, Wastes, and other Unincloled Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of

Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vyner, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Land and Mill Owners, and others, of the Forest of Rojfendale, and Places adjacent, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, interested in the Prosperity of the Woollen Manufactures of this Country, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are friendly to the Union of Great Britain with Ireland, so far as they conceive it will tend to increase the general Strength and Prosperity of the Empire; and that the Petitioners find, by One of the Articles of the Union of Great Britain with Ireland, that the Wool of Britain is proposed to be exported to Ireland-, and that the Petitioners have Reason to believe the present Annual Growth of Wool in this Kingdom is scarcely sufficient for the Supply and Consumption of the different Manufactures, and the Exportation of that Article from Great Britain would deprive the Weavers, and others employed in the Manufactory, of Employment, and oblige them to emigrate to Foreign Countries; and that the Petitioners are persuaded that, under the Pretence of conveying Wool to Ireland, the Exportation of that Article to Foreign Countries would take Effect to a great Extent, without any Possibility of its Prevention, to the incalculable Loss of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That the Exportation of Wool from Great Britain may not Be permitted by any Law to be passed by the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to

whom

t

Bill ordered.

Barholm Inclosure Bill, committed.

Braceborop^h

Inclosure Bui, committed.

Petition of Woollen Manufacturers, See. of Roffen dale.

Lererton Rectory' Bill, rc-sorted.

Lords Amendments to Over and Nether Dean Inclosure Bill, agreed to.

Poor Incorporation Bill, reported.

Shelbortm Division and Allotment Bill, committed.

Lyme Regis "Stc, Roads Dili, patted.

46 Geo. III.

Aprtlis

whom it is referred to consider further or His Majesty's moll; Gracious Message of the 2d Day of this Instant April, communicating to this House the Resolutions of the Lords and Commons of Ireland respecting an Union between the Kingdoms of Great Britain and,

with their Addrel's to His Majesty thereupon.

Mr. Dickins reported from the Committee, to whom the ingross'ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for uniting the North Mediety of the Rectory of in the County of Lincoln, with the South Mediety of the same Rectory, from and after the next Avoidance of either Benefice, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties conceroed had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, leading to and through the Borough of Lyme , and from the Turnpike Road on Uplyme Hill, to the Turnpike Road at the Three Ashes, in the Parish of Crewkerne, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two'Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, leading to and through the Borough of Lyme Regis, and from the Turnpike Road on Uplyme Hill, to the Turnpike Road at the Three Ashes, in the Parish of Crewkerne, in the County of SomerJ'et, and other Roads therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

The House proceeded to take into Confederation the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Land and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Over and Nether Dean, in the County of Bedford.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 22. 1. 37. Leave out from " Successors" to " as," in Line 39.

1. ult. After fi aforesaid" insert " and the " said Sir John Smith as their " Lessee."

Pr. 23. 1. 23. Leave out " and their Lessee."

L 26. After " aforesaid" insert "and their V Lessee."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickins do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Buxton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Powers of the Directors and Guardians of the Poor within the several Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, in that Part of Great Britain called England, incorporated by divers Acts of Parliament for the Purpose of the better Maintenance and Employment of the Poor, as to the Assessments to be made upon the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, therein mentioned, for a Time to be limited, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the

Table.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Shalbonrn, in the Counties of Wilts and Berks, was read a Second Time. 1

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Buxton, Mr. Wig/ey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Live of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingross'ed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Tenth Year of the Vol. 55.

An ingross'ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Wert's Ertate for vesting in Heneage Leggeand William Sheldon, Ef- R,ll reaJ-

quires, divers Freehold Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, late the Estate of Sarah Wi-

dow, and conveyed by her to Joseph Martin, Esquire, and Beriah Hills, Gentleman, by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date respectively the Twentieth and Twenty-first Days of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, upon several Trusts, and for enabling the -said Heneage Legge and William Sheldon to execute such of the same Trusts as are now subsisting, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Leommfter

Leominster Canal Navigation to finish and complete the Canal.®ll!> r J . , °. _ , j commuted,

lame, and to pay their Debts, and for altering and

amending Two Acts, passed for making and maintaining the said Navigation, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William Taylor, Mr. Foley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much t narkRo»d» of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of His pre^ commiU sent Majesty's Reign, for repairing several Roads leading into the City 0 i Glasgow, as relates to the Road from Parkhouse, to or near the Three Mile House, in

the County of Lanark, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. M'Dow-all, Mr. William Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account of Account of the Duty paid, or to be paid, on Hops that were grown in Great Britain in the Year 1799. ordered.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. The Lord Wilmot: hive tgrecd to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Exchequer to enable the Lords Commissioners of His MajestyV creditof'sup. Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, plie . on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted b,y Parliament, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred; and to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance Cash or Bullion to be remitted Abroad, on Account of Foreign Subsidies or Services Abroad j without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered,

t

448 3 ob ApriA. 1800,

Account of Ordered ', That there be laid before this House, An

Duty on Hop Account of the Duty paid on Hops grown in Great

Erha,n in the Years 79? 79» *

ii'.l respefiitig An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Good Fnduy, for the better Observance of Good in certain

Cafes therein mentioned, was read the First Time Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Petition reja- Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to

for Mudon' w^om the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names &c. Drainage, are thereunto subscribed, on.Behalf of themselves and tejKHted. others, interested in the Drainage and Improvement of certain Low Lands within the several Parishes thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Legard, Esquire, and Mr. Thomas Paul, Junior, being severally examined, said. That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House on the 4th Day of March last. Notices were given on Three Sundays in the said Month of March, by affixing the same upon the Church Doors of the several Parishes of Muston, East

Flotmanby, Folkton, FtixWilier by,

ton, Ganton, Potter Brompton, Sherburn, East ton, West Hejlerton, Yeddingham, Knapton, Winteringham, Scampfton, Rillington, S Setterington, and Norton, in the East Riding of the County of York, and also, on the Church Doors of the several Parishes of Old Malton, Pickering, ThorntoAllerston, Ebberston, Yedding-

ham Abbey, Snainton, Brampton, Wykeham, Hutton Bushell, West Ay ton, East Ay ton, Orton, Seamer, Cay ton, Lebberstone, Grijlhorpe, and Scalby, in the North Riding of the said County, of the Application to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill for draining, embanking, and preserving certain Tracts of Low Lands, within the said Parishes, in such and the like Manner as the Standing Orders of the House relative to Bills of Drainage require such Notices to be given.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon the 4th Day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir John Legard, Baronet, Sir George Cayley, Baronet, Sir Sykes,

Baronet, Richard Langley, Esquire, Joseph Denntfon, Esquire, and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, Owners and Proprietors of Estates within the several Parishes, Townships, or Places, of Muston, East Flotmanby, West Flotmanby, Folkton, Flixton, Staxton, Wdlerby, Binnington, Ganton, Potter Brompton, Sherburn, East Hejlerton, West Hejlerton, Yeddingham, Knapton, Winteringham, Scampfton, Rillington, Scagglethorpe, Setter-rngtotti and Norton, in the East Riding of the County of York,. and also, within the several Parishes, Townships, or Places, of Old Malton, Pickering, Thornton, Allerston, Ebberston, Yeddingham Abbey, Snainton, Brampton, Ruston, Wykeham, Hutton Bushell, Wft Ay ton, East Irton,

Seamer, Cayton, Lebberston, and Grijlhorpe, in the North Riding of the same County, some or one of them, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for draining, embanking, and preserving, certain Tracts of Low Lands, within the several Parishes, Townships, or Places, of Muston, East Flotmanby, Wft Flotmanby, Folk-ton, Flixton, Staxton, Willerby, Binnington, Ganton, Potter Brompton, Sherburn, East Hejlerton, West HeJJerton, Yeddingham, Knapton, Winteringham, Scampfton, Rillington, Scagglethorpe, Setterington, and Norton, in the East Riding of the County of York and within the several Pa-

rilhes, Townships, or Places, of Old Malton, Pickering,

Thornton, Allerston, Ebberston, Yeddingham Abbey, Snainton, Brompton, Ruston, Wykeham, Hutton Bushell, Wft Ay-ton, East Ayton, Orton, Seamer, Cayton, Lebberstone, -horpe, Hackness, and Scalby, in the North Riding of the said County: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Kent G»°l Reading of the Bill for altering and amending so much i Mondwf of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to enable " the Justices of the Peace acting for the Western Division of the County of Kent, to purchase a convenient

" Piece of Ground for building a Gaol for the said " County, and for empowering the said Justices to apply Part of the County Stock of the said Division " towards the fame," as requires that the said Gaol should be repaired exclusively at the Expences of the said Western Division, and for raising the Money for repairing the same on the County at large, in Manner as other County Gaols are by Law directed to be repaired, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; - -

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and, at the End of the Question, to add the Words " upon this Day Six " Months."

And the Question being put. That the Word "now"

(land Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tdlm for the Yeas, <

Telle for the Noes, 36.

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " upon " this Day Six Months" be added at the End of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Six Months.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen Instructloare-who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pur- ^CMche ' suant to the Resolutions which, upon Monday last, were ana Chair , reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for explaining and amending an " Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign " of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for laying " an additional Duty on Hackney Coaches, and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches," and were then agreed to by the House, that they do make Provision in the said Bill for explaining and amending several Laws relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs.

Ordered, That there bq laid before this House, An Account of Account of the Total Value, agreeably to the Estimates Mj_

of the Inspector General's Books, of the Woollen Ma- nufafturesex-nufactures exported from Great Britain in the last Ten Years; distinguishing each Year, and the Countries to which exported, and likewise specifying the Value, according to the Current Prices, where the same can be ascertained.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of His Majesty's moll Gracious Mef- an Union with.

fege Ireland *

40 Geo. III. 30

449

King's Con-feut 10 St. John' Heit-iorii,&c. In dofureBiU.

Report on Waste Land?, re-conmiitted.

Considered.

St. John's Hertford, 5tc Ir.cloCi.irc Bill,

pa‘l ed.

sage of the 2d Day of this In flan t Apr!!, communicating to this House the Resolutions of the Lords and Commons of Ireland, respecting an Union between the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, with their Add rets to His Majesty thereupon, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved it felt into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House', to consider further of His Majesty's said moil Gracious Message.

Notice being taken, That His Majesty's Intcrcfl is concerned in the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Saint John Hertford, and the Liberty ot Briekendon, in the Parish of All Saints Hert-

ford, in the County of Hertford; which Bill was, upon Monday lap, reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think tit.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Select Committee appointed to consider of the most effectual Means of facilitating, under the Authority of Parliament, the Inclosure and Improvement of the Waste, Uninclosed, and Unproductive Lands, Commons, Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, and Common of Pasture, in this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Report.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Matters to them referred; and that he wasdirefled by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itteif into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Report.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Saint John Hertford, and the Liberty of Brickendon, in the Parish of All Saints Hertford, in

the County of Hertford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Saint John Hertford, and the Liberty of -endon, in the Parish of All Saints Hertford, in the County of Hertford.

Ordered, That Mr. EJl court do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 55.

Ordered, That the Copy of an Agreement between the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury and the-mod Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, in pursuance of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, which was Yesterday presented to the House, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole Ploufe.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Braggs accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to confirm an Agreement entered into between the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury and the most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the " Commissioners of the Treasury to contract with the " most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, for the absolute Purchase of the Property of the said Duke, and " of all others interested in a certain Duty of Twelve " Pence per Chaldron on Coals shipped in the River " Tyne, to be consumed in England, and to grant a " Compensation for 'the fame, by Way of Annuity, " payable out of the Consolidated Fund."

And Mr. Bragge moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to confirm an Agreement entered into between the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury and the most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, in pursuance of an Act, pasted in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury to contract with the most " Noble Charles Duke of Richmond for the absolute Purchase of the Property of the said Duke, and of all " others interested in a certain Duty of Twelve Pence " per Chaldron on Coals shipped in the River Tyne, to " be consumed in England, and to grant a Compensation for the lame, by Way of Annuity, payable out " of the Consolidated Fund:" And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Huddersfield Canal Company to finilli and complete the Huddersfield Canal, and for amending the Act, pasted in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Huddersfield Canal, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, ?o whom the Bill to enable the Dearnc and Dove Canal Company to finilli and complete the said Canal, and the several Collateral Cuts branching therefrom; and for explaining, amending, and enlarging, the Powers of an Act, pasted in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and for increasing the Tolls thereby granted, was committed, be now read.

5 Y And

Committee oa Agreement with the Duke of Richmond.

reported.

Bill ordered.

Huddersfield Canal Bill, deferred.

Dearne and Dove Car.al Bill, deferred.

45° 30 °Aprilis — i0 Mali. A. 1800.

And the said Order being read accordingly; ed into Great Britain, and granting other Duties in lieu

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further thereof, was read a Second Time.

Confederation upon Tuesday Morning next. Refolded, That the Bill be committed.

That the Bill be committed to a Committee llirkney Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, of the whole House.

BUlTprtftwed. a Bl11 for repealing the Rates and Fares taken by Li- Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-censed Hackney Coachmen, and for establishing other (ng next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Rates and Fares in lieu thereof; and for explaining House, upon the said Bill, and amending several Laws relating to Hackney Coaches

and Chairs: And the same was received; and read the And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow First Time. Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. H

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second -Time.

Tomorrow Morning.

Account!, pre *

fented.

Foreign Wool, imported.

Woollen Manufactures, tx-ported.

Ways and Means, deferred.

I ucic

Hirers

ncd.

C on

Act respecting Duties on Su-£ir ami Cof-tcc, licicrrtd *

Jfop Duties I> ii, commit-

tta.

The House being informed that Mr. Glover (from the Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain) attended at the Door, he was called.in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Foreign Wool imported into Great Britain in the Nine Years preceding the 5 th January 1800; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Total Value, agreeably to the Estimates of the Inspector General's Books, of the Woollen Manufactures exported from Great Britain in the last Ten Years; distinguishing each Year, and the Countries to which exported.

And then be withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a N umber of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, a shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to nfolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

R-.fblveJ, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting certain Allowances to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants of Militia, disembodied, under an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to accept " the Services of an additional Number of Volunteers " from the Militia, under certain Restrictions

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve iticlf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Sugar imported " and exported, and on Coffee exported; and for reducing the Drawbacks now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar," as imposes Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Bill for suspending the Duties on Hops import-

9

Jovis, i° dieMaii $

Anno 40° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1800.

Prayers.

SI R Henry Paulet St. John Mildmay reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Chelmsford, in the County of whose Names are

thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, Mr. John Johnson, a Surveyor, being examined, said. That the Parish Church of Chelmsford is a very ancient, (lately, and spacious Pile of Building, and is become much decayed, and that great Part thereof, with the Roof and Side Walls, have lately fallen down, and remain in a ruinous State, inso much that it is deemed indispensably necessary such Parts as have fallen down should be re-built, and that the other Parts of the Building should undergo an immediate, thorough, and Tubftantial Repair: Then,

Mr. Thomas Archer, being examined, said, That a proper Survey has been taken of the necessary Want of Reparation to the said Church, and an Estimate made thereof by an able and experienced Architect, whereby it appears that the Sum necessary to effectuate such Repairs is too large to be raised by the present Inhabitants without the Aid of Parliament; and that the said Church is not in a State fit for the Performance of Divine Worship.

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition, Mr. Thomas Archer, being further examined, said. That, on Account of the Accident, by which the greater Part of the said Church was lately destroyed, it became necessary to take down the Organ which formerly flood therein, and that it is fit the same should be again placed in the said Church, and that some permanent Provision should be made for paying a Salary to an Organist, the Expence whereof hath heretofore been defrayed by Voluntary Contributions, the Amount whereof hath been precarious :-rAnd, the Witness further said, That the Town of Chelmsford is large and populous, and the Church Yard being situate in the Centre of the Town is subject to various Nuisances, Annoyances, and Misdemeanors; particularly, such as permitting Hogs to go therein, breaking and destroying the GraveStones, and injuring the Trees by hanging Lines thereto; which Nuisances, Annoyances, and Misdemeanors, it is the Wifti of the Inhabitants, should be prevented for the future.

Ordered,

Chelasfoad Church Peti-tions, reported *

40 Geo. III. 1a Mail 451

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the repairing the Parish Church of Chelmsford, in the County of Eft'ex: And that Sir Henry Panlet St. John Mildmay, Mr. Bramston, and Mr. Strutt, do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Koval Assent A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Ulher to Bill . of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Delire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: And that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Earl Spencer, and Lord Grenville, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred; and to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance Cash or Bullion to be remitted Abroad, on Account of Foreign Subsidiesor Services Abroad:

An Act for granting a Bounty on the Importation of Oats until the First Day of One thousand

Eight hundred i

An Act to enable Courts of Equity to compel a Transfer of Stock in Suits, without making the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, or other Parts of America, Party thereto:

An Act to permit the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Countries in America, belonging to any Foreign European Sovereign or State, in Neutral Ships, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand Eight hundred and One:

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving, the Open Fields, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed for widening and repairing the High Road leading from Heron Syke, which divides the Counties of Lancaster and Westmorland, to the Town of Kirkby in Kendal, and from the said Town of Kirkby in Kendal, through the Town of Shop, to Emont Bridge, in the said County of Westmorland.

Report from Sir Philip Stephens reported from the Committee, to

pet^ionsof01' w^om the several Petitions of the Innkeepers, Victuallers, innkeeper , and Publicans, which have been prefen ted to the House c Vol. 55.

in this Session of Parliament, respecting the Allowances to be made for the Quartering of Horse and Foot Soldiers, were referred; That the Committee had considered the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and af terwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as foljoweth; viz.

Your Committee, having taken into Consideration the Allegations contained in the said Petitions, and compared them with Facts coming within their own Knowledge, conceive that the Applications on the Part of the Innkeepers forfome further Relief, during the presentHigh Prices of Provender and Provisions, are not unreasonable nor ill'founded, and do accordingly recommend the same to the favourable Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Watkin Williams reported from the Committee, Denbigh and to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for more effectually repairing the u Road leading from the Town of Denbigh to the Town " of Saint Asaph, and from thence to the Town and " Port of Ruthland, in the Counties of Denbigh and " Flint; and for repealing an Act, made in the Thirtysecond Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as the same relates to the said Road," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. 1

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Com- Temple Bar mittee, to whom the Bill for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution Two several Acts, passed in the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London, near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill, and for railing, on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, a Sum of Money for those Purposes, and for explaining and amending the said Acts, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Joseph Cooper, Esquire, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Act ley reported from the Committee, to whom Brooke fsci . the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Fen pU0rreteJ,u' re" Grounds, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of P Brooke, in the County of Norfolk, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the

Standing

Yfccifion- t.r . > -> o c«

I,u‘ ll, rc Bill,

printed.

added

Hm. g in Nvwaik upon 'I rent 1 r Jo-

furs Bill,

Bill picfcnted.

I >fe Annuities Bill, ordered.

Committee on Cohunhino's Divorce Bill.

45 2

Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties con-a-nud had given their Conflnt to the Bill, to the SatisT faction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands, whole Estates are afielled to the Poor Rates at £. i 30 per Annum, and that the Whole of the Estates is

allefled to the Poor Rates at £. 1,734. 15 .; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered trie Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Mr. Kynajl onPowell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-cD sing, the Common Lands, in the Parishes of Yfeifing and Nanuerch, in the County of and in the Manor

of Penbedw, in the said Parish of Ntinner ch, in the County of Denbigh: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pur-luant to the Prayer of the Petition of Sir William

Gordon, Baronet, William DElquire, the Reverend William R a fall, and others, Owners and Proprietors of certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham.

Mr. Vyner presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Seven-teenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for registering the Grants of Life Annuities;

" and for the better Protection of Infants against such " Grants," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill , for further regulating Life Annuities, and for Relief of the Grantees of Life Annuities in certain Cafes: And that Mr. Erjline and Mr. Shaw do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Edward Henry Columbine, Esquire, with Anna Maria Starr, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

'Mr. Shaw Lefevre reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the 1 louse, without any Amendment: And he delivered v,r H i! in at ti e Clerk's Table.

1800.

A Petition of the Manufacturers, Mill Owners, and others, concerned in the Wool and Woollen Trade, in the Town and Parish of T.'avijlock, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, with great Concern, that the existing Laws, prohibiting the Exportation of B) itish Wool to Ireland, iliouid be repealed, whilst, on her Part, file claims the Continuance of the protecting Duties of her Woollen Manufactures; and that the Pe-tioners conceive, that the Growth of Wool in Great Britain is not more than adequate to supply the Mama--fasturerswith a Quantity equal to the present Demand, and therefore, if any Wool, in 1 lie Raw State, is permitted to be exported, the Petitioners and their Labourers must suffer very material Injury; and that the Petitioners are fearful, in case a Permission is given to export Wool, that, under Pretence of carrying it to Ireland, great Quantities will be conveyed to Foreign Countries, to the great Detriment of the British Merchant and Manufacturer, and that, even after its Arrival in Ireland, it will be ciandeftincly exported again, thus affording the Means of rivalling the Petitioners in Foreign Markets, without benefiting the new Members of the Brit if 1 Empire: And therefore praying, That the proposed Permission of exporting Wool to Ireland may not pafc into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of His Majesty's mofc Gracious Message of the 2d Day of last, communicating to this Ploufe the Resolutions of the Lords and Commons of Ireland rupefting an Union between the Kingdoms of Britain and Ireland,

with their Address to His Majesty thereupon.

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Borough of was

presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the Losses which the Petitioners alledge they l'uftainfrom the Quartering of Horse and Foot Soldiers, on Account of the High Price of Hay and Straw, and the Dearness of every Article of Housekeeping; and praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and grant them such-Relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for repealing the Rates and Fares taken by Licensed Hackney Coachmen, and for establishing other Rates and Fares in lieu thereof; and for explaining and amending several Laws relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, Thar the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account of the true Value, agreeably to the Declarations of the Merchants Exporters, and of the Prices Current of the Woollen Manufactures, exported from Great Britain to all Parts, in the last Ten Years; distin-guifhingeach Year.

The House being informed that Mr. Glover (from the Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain) attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the true Value, agreeably to the Declarations of the Merchants Exporters, and of the Prices Current, of the Woollen Manufactures exported

from

V Mail

Petition ot Woollen Mi-nufa&uiers, &c of Tavi-stock.

Petition of Innkeepers &c.

Hivkncy

Coiches,

Bill, committed.

A'coiint of Woollen Mann L.61 ares expo: ted, or-deud.

presented.

t^-

Vagrant fell, deterred.

Duke of Richmond's Agreement Bijl, pie-

ltlilCvi.

Innkeepers Rill, dciclieil.

Committee on A# i el pelting Duties on Sugar and Ccfrtce, deferred.

Committee 6n King's Meffnge respecting an Union with Ireland.

40 Geo. III. *

from Great Britain to all Parts in the last Ten Years j distingui thing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Hpufe to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign- of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to amend and make " more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to " Houses of Correction," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Rejoined, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to confirm an Agreement entered into between the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury and the most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " enable the Commissioners of the Treasury to contract " with the most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond for " the absolute Purchase of the Property of the said " Duke, and of all others interested in a certain Duty " of Twelve Pence per Chaldron on Coals shipped in the River Tyne, to be consumed in England, and to " grant a Compensation for the fame, by Way of Annuity, payable out of the Consolidated FundAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers;

Rejoined, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to " His Majesty certain additional Duties on Sugar imported and exported, and on Coffee exported; and " for reducing the Drawbacks now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar," as imposes Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Refolned, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of His Majesty's most Gracious Message of the 2d Day of April last, communicating to this House the Resolutions of the Lords and Commons of Ireland, respecting an Union between the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, with their Address to His Majesty thereupon, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress, and had considered the several Petitions to them referred, and heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, on Behalf of such of the

Vol. 55.

453

Petitioners as prayed to be heard thereon; and that the Committee had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

A' Motion was made, and the Question being pro-' posed, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning;

The House was moved. That the Entry in the Journal of the House of Saturday the 8 th Day of February 1706, That the Report from the Committee of the whole H°ufe, to consider further of the Articles of the Union, and Act of Ratification of them by the Parliament of Scotland, be received upon the Tuesday following, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 10th Day of February 1706, of the Proceedings of the House, upon resolving itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the securing the Church of England, as by Law established, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly

The House was also moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the nth Day of February 1706, of the Proceedings of the House, upon the Report and passing of the said Bill, and also of the Proceedings of the House upon receiving the Report of the Resolutions from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Articles of Union were referred, and the Agreement of the House to the fame, and the Order of the House for bringing in a Bill thereupon, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 28th Day of January 1706, of her Majesty's Speech to both Houses' of Parliament, and of the Communication of the said Articles of Union and Act of Ratification, to this House, by her Majesty's Command, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Tomorrow " Morning," and inserting the Words " upon Monday " Morning next" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Tomorrow Morning" Hand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth. j

TeUm for the Yeas, $r. } S»-

Tellers for the Noes, Bird:} 3

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Douglas also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of His Majesty's said most Gracious Message.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

5 Z Veneris,

i ° Mali,

s

454

2° Mail. A. 1800.

Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One;

Venerh)2° die Maii J and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were

agreed to by the House.

Anno 40 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1800. 0That the Bill' with the Amendments, be

ingossed.

A

Waters.

Account of r.i H E House being informed that Mr. Planner (from

DrcKymeJHoP$' JL the Commissioners of Excise) attended at the prt ui.e . Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Duty paid, or to be paid, on Hops that were grown in Great , in the Years

1797 793>and } 799 *

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr.

hsve agreed to IVllmOt . *

Mr. Speaker,

Leatherhead The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Road Bid. continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the

End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Swan Inn at Leatherhead to the May Pole at the Upper End of Spital or SomerJ'et , in the Parish of Stoke, near the Town of in

the County of Storey; without any Amendment: And also,

Aihhy Would The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act iiuioiure Bill, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common or Waste Ground called in the Manor and

Parish of Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the County of Leicester; without any Amendment: And also,

Milton in- ' The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act i-'Ui-e Bill, for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Milton, in the county of;

without any Amendment: And also, stoke upon The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act T.-rn, &c. Its for dividing allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons c.o.ure Bill, Waste Lands, in the Parishes of Stoke upon Tern

and Hinstock, in the county of ; without any

Amendment: And also,

Tir.field in- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act r'.aiure Bill, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Common called Amendment. Tanfield Moor, in the Parish of in the County of Durham; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Chippenham, The Marquis of Wore eft er reported from the Com-Bdi ^'rted to wh°m the Bill for more effectually repairing,

widening, altering, and improving, the Road from a Place called The Slone Pillar, or Croft Hand, in the Parish of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, to, or hear to, a Bridge, called Knox Bridge, in the Parish of in the County of Glouand several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said Counties of Wilts and Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the 7

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Columbine's dissolve the Marriage of Edward Henry Columbine, Ef- j'cc Bai quire, with Anna Maria Starr, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Shaw Lefevre do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the Bakers resident in the City and Petition of Suburbs of Winchester, and Places adjoining, in the wSn'hefter, County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and &c. read; Taking Notice of the Bill for better regulating the Price and Assize of Bread; and Setting forth, That the said Bill is, in its Tendency, oppressive to the Petitioners, and others in the same Business, and, if carried into a Law, will so clog and hinder them in the Management of their Business, and so strip them of every Profit in the fame, as to oblige them to seek other Occupations for Subsistence; and that, by the said Bill, it is intended 7

that the Price of Bread should be set at Twenty-one Peck Loaves to the Sack, allowing the Baker from Six to Fourteen Shillings per Sack for Baking, which will be the utter Ruin of the' Petitioners, as such Bill does not make a sufficient Allowance to pay the Expences of manufacturing the Flour into Bread, and it will be impoffi-ble to make Twenty-one Peck Loaves to the Sack, and the Expences in manufacturing a Sack of Flour into Bread are at least Six Shillings; and that the Petitioners have been very much aggrieved for several Years past in Consequence of a Discretionary Power being vested in the Magistrate in setting the Assize of Bread; and that, for the Reasons above assigned, and in Consequence of the very advanced Prices of every Article in Life, and the great Increase of Wages, the Petitioners conceive they ought always to be allowed Ten Shillings at least; per Sack for manufacturing (with the additional Duty on Salt) and, if the House should fix the Profit at less than Ten Shillings per Sack, it will be totally importable for the Petitioners to subsist: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. AJiley presented to the House, according to Or- ^or'jS,'nJJ der, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com- hiij.p.VjemcJ. mons and Waste Grounds in the Parishes of land, West Poringland, Framingham Earl, Framingham Pigot, Bixley, Armeringhall, Stoke Holy Cross, and

Saint Edmund, in the County of Norfolk; and for making a Compensation for the Tythes arising in the said Parishes of East Poringland, Framingham Earl, and Bixley:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are P^nbrokcr thereunto subscribed, being Pawnbrokers, on Behalf of paujonf themselves, and others, exercising that Business within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Bills of Mor-

tality, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe a Petition hath been presented to the House, praying Leave to bring in a Bill for altering, amending, and making perpetual, an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trade and Business of Pawnbrokers; and that the said Act requires, as the Petitioners

3° Mail

40 Geo. III.

455

titioners conceive, feme Amendments, Alterations, and Additions, and it would be convenient for the Magistrates, and beneficial to the Pawnbrokers and the Public, if the Powers of the said Act, with such Alterations, Amendments, and Additions, as may be found requisite, were consolidated and reduced into One Act of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made for effecting the above Purposes, in the Bill so prayed for as aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Pawnbrokers, on Behalf of themselves and others, exercising that Business, within the Cities of London and We/hninfer, and the Bills of Mortality, is

referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for more effectually repairing the " Road leading from the Town of Denbigh to the Town " of Saint Asaph, and from thence to the Town and Port

" of Ruthland, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint,

" and for repealing an Act, made in the Thirty-second " Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, lo " far as the same relates to the said Road," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Town " of Denbigh to the Town of Saint and from

" thence to the Town and Port of Ruthland, in the " Counties of Denbigh and and for repealing an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as the same relates to the said Road."

Ordered, That Mr. Wat kin Williams do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Innkeepers and Victuallers of the City or Town of Elyin the Isle of and

County of Cambridge:And also,

A Petition of the Innkeepers and Victuallers of the Town and Parish of East Grin the County of Sussex: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Town of Alton, Hants: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, of the Towp and County of the Town of Nottingham,

Were severally presented to the House, and read j Complaining of the Losses which the Petitioners alledge they sustain from the Quartering of Horle and Foot Soldiers, on Account of the High Price of Hay and Straw, and the Dearness of every Article of Housekeeping; and praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

and for the better draining of the Low Lands lying in Lewes and Laughton Levels, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j,

and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Bamack with the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Incl°-

Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Bar- '

nack with Pilfgate, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time. |

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that th? Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Barnack with Pilfgate, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That the Earl of Carysfort do catry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Ryv, an indo-the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable lure Bill, Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Ryhall passed withBelmesthorpe, otherwise Belminsthorpe, in the County of Rutland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Ryhall with Belmesthorpe, otherwise Belminsthorpe, in the County of Rutland.

Ordered, That the Earl of Carysfort do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Patten reported from the Committee, to whom Norton and the Bill for shutting up and discontinuing certain Roads gjj'0^ and Footpaths leading through the Grounds of Sir Richard Brooke, Baronet, in the Townships of Norton and Halton, in the Parish of Runcorn, and County Palatine of Chester, and for making and maintaining other Roads instead thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and 1

found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Vanfiltart presented to the House, according to Cookbamln-Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the closure Bin. Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, P,elmnl-and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Cookham, in the County of Berks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 14th Day of this Instant May.

Mr. Thomas Pelham reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign ot H;s present Majesty King George the Third, for improving the Navigation of the River O/r/c, between New-haven Bridge and Lewes Bridge, in the County of Sussex, VoL. 55.

Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire presented to the House, T.ancnfi-r according to Order, a Bill for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Lancaster Canal Navigation l>ie to complete the same: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An

'Rod dale Canal Bill, polled *

Peak Forest Canal Bill, palfed.

456 2° Mali. A. 1806.

An ingrossed Bill for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal to raise Money for completing the said Canal, and to vary the Line of the said Canal, and to alter, explain, and amend the Ad, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, was read the Third Time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for invelting Money paid for the Purchase of Land belonging to Persons under any Disability, where it exceeds Two Hundred Pounds.

And the said Clause was Thrice read j and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for the like Purpose, where the Purchase Money is between Twenty Pounds and Two Hundred Pounds.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the "Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for the like Purpose, where the Purchase Money is less than Twenty Pounds.

And the said Clause was Thrice read j and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 62. 1. 7. To leave out from " Act," to the End of Line 32, in Press 65.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House j and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal Jo raise Money for completing the said Canal, and to vary the Line of the said Canal, and to alter, explain, and amend the Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire do carry

"the Bill 'to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Peak Forest Canal, and for granting to the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal further and other Powers, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for inverting Money paid for the Purchase of Land belonging to the Persons under any Disability, where it exceeds Two Hundred Pounds.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for the like Purpose, where the Purchase Money is between Twenty Pounds and Two Hundred Pounds.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for the like Purpose, where the Purchase Money is less than Twenty Pounds.

And the said Clause was Thrice read } and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 6. 1.10. After " being," to insert " and the " other Parties in Difference."

Pr. 9, 1. 39. To leaveout " thereby," and insert "by " each such Note," instead thereof.

Pr. 30. 1. 25. To leave out from " determined1," to " and, " in Pr. 34. J. 30.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved., That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Peak Forest Canal, and for granting to the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal further and other Powers.

Ordered, That Mr. Patten do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Gore Langton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the Town of Jler, in the County of Wilts, to a Place where the Roads to Bath and Bristol divide, and from the Town of Frome to the Town of Beckington, in the County of and for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, relating to the said Roads, and for repairing the Road from or near the Red Lion, in the Parish of Wo, in the said County of Somerset, to Rode Bridge, and from the said Bridge to the Turnpike Road leading from Trowbridge, by White Trough, to Beckington aforesaid, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. James Edged, Clerk to the Trustees, being examined, said. That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money, on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remains due and cannot be repaid, and the said Roads properly amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.:

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the Town of Warminster, in the County of Wilts, to a Place where the Roads to Bath and Bristol divide, and from the Town of Frome to the Town of Beckington, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned: And that Mr. Gore Langton and Mr. do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

The House proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Powers of the Directors and Guardians of the Poor within the several Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, in that Part of Great Britain called England, incorporated by divers Acts of Parliament for the Purpose of the better Maintenance and Employment of the Poor, as to the Assessments to be made upon the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, therein mentioned, for a Time to be limited, was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An

Warminftcf

RoadsPetition,

reported.

Report on

Poor Incd.po-ration Bill, further considertd.

Manchester and 'Album under Lyne Ca'ial BUI passed *

Committee oil

Innkeepers

BUI.

Report referred.

40 Geo. III.

An ingrossed Bill for amending the several Acts passed for making, extending, finishing, and completing the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or Hear under Lyne and Oldham, and the several Cuts and other Works authorized to be made and done by the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal Navigation, and for granting to the said Company further And other Powers, was read the Third Time;

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for inverting Motley paid for the Purchase of Land belonging to Persons under any Disability, where it exceeds Two Hundred bounds.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Quezon put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for the like Purpose, where the Purchase Money is between Twenty Pounds and Two Hundred Pounds.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to By the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder for the like Purpose, where the Purchase Money is less than Twenty Pounds.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; vit.

Pr. 7. 1. 10. After " to," to insert " an equal " Share of the Profits of the said " Undertaking, and to."

Pr. 8. 1. lo. To leave out " thereby," And insert " by each such Note/' instead thereof.

Pr. 20. 1. 13. After " being," to insert " and the " other Parties in Difference."

Pr. 32. I.39. To leave out from " Weirs" to " and, " in Pr. 36. 1. 34.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for amending the several Acts passed for making, extending, finishing, and completing the -Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near Ashton under Lyne and Oldham, and the several Cuts and other Works authorized to be made and done by the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal Navigation, and for granting to the said Company further and other Powers.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the several Petitions of the Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Publicans, which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, respecting the Allowances to be made for the Quartering of Horl'e and Foot Soldiers, were referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Cotnmittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to Vol. 55.

457

report; when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account of the Duty paid, or to be paid, on Hops that were grown in Great Britain, in the Years 1797, 1798, and 1799, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Motion being made. That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for uniting the North Mediety of the Rectory of Leverton, in the County of Lincoln, with the South Mediety of the same Redtory, from and after the next Avoidance of either Benefice, be now read the Third Time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickinsdo carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Douglas, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of His Majesty's most Gracious Mef-sage of the 2d Day of April last, communicating to this House the Resolutions of the Lords and Commons of Ireland, respecting an Union between the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, with their Address to His Majesty thereupon, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read j and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it be the First Article of the Union of the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, That the said Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland shall, upon the First Day of January which shall be in the Year of Our Lord One thousand Eight hundred and One, and for ever after, be united into One Kingdom, by the Name of " The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and that the Royal Stile and Titles appertaining to the Imperial Crown of the said United Kingdom and its Dependencies, and also the Ensigns Armorial, Flags and Banners thereof, shall be such as His Majesty, by His Royal Proclamation under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, shall be pleased to appoint.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee^ That it be the Second Article of Union, That the Succession to the Imperial Crown of the said United Kingdom, and of the Dominions thereunto belonging, shall continue limited and settled in the same Manner as the Succession to the Imperial Crown of the said Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland now (lands limited and settled, according to the existing Laws, and to the Terms of Union between England and Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it be the Third Article of Union, That the said United Kingdom be represented in One and the same Parliament, to be (liled " The Parliament of the United " Kingdom of Great Britain and ."

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it be the Fourth Article of Union, That Four Lords Spiritual of Ireland, by Rotation of Sessions, and Twenty-eight Lords Temporal of Ireland, elected for Life by the Peers of Ireland, shall be the Number to fit 6 A and

2° Mail.

Account of Duty on Hops to be printed.

King's Consent to Lever-ton &e£tory

Bill.

Bill passed.

Report on King's Mef-sage respecting an Union with Ireland.

458

Mali,

A, 1800 *

Resolutions re-fp;cting the Union with JielamU-C0«-

t'mued.

and vote, on thd Part of Ireland, in thfe House of Lords of the Parliament of the United Kingdom ;and One Hundred Commohers (Two for each County of , Two for the City of Dublin, Two for the City of Cork, One for the University of Trinity College, and One for each of the Thirty-one most considerable Cities, Towns, and Boroughs) be the Number to fit and vote, on the Part of Ireland, in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom: That such Act as shall be passed in the Parliament of Ireland previous to the Union, " To regulate the Mode by which the Lords " Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, to serve " in the Parliament of the United Kingdom on the " Part of Ireland, shall be summoned and returned to " the said Parliament," shall be considered as forming Part of the Treaty of Union, and shall be incorporated in the Acts of the respective Parliaments by which the said Union shall be ratified and established: That all Questions touching the Rotation or Election of Lords Spiritual or Temporal of Ireland to fit in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, shall be decided by the House of Lords thereof; and whenever there shall be an Equality of Votes in the Election of any such Lords Temporal, the Names of such Peers as have an equal Number of Votes in their Favour shall be written on Pieces of Paper of a similar Form, and shall be put into a Glass, by the Clerk of the Parliament, at the Table of the House of Lords, whiJft the House is fitting; and the Peer, whose Name shall be first drawn out by the Clerk of the Parliament, shall be deemed the Peer defied: That any Person holding any Peerage of land, now subsisting, or hereafter to be created, shall not thereby be disqualified from being elected to serve for any County, City, or Borough, of Great Britain, in the tioule of Commons of the United Kingdom, unless he shall have been previously elected, as above, to fit in the House of Lords of the United Kingdom; but that, so long as such Peer of Ireland shall lo continue to be a Member of the House of Commons, he shall not be entitled to the Privilege of Peerage, nor ,be capable of being elected to serve as a Peer on the Part of Ireland, or of voting at any such Election; and that he shall be liable to be sued, indicted, proceeded against, and tried, as a Commoner, for any Offence with which he may be charged: That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to create Peers of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and to make Promotions in the Peerage thereof, aftSr the Union, provided that no new Creation of any such Peers shall take Place after the Union, until Three of the Peerages of Ireland, which shall have been existing at the Time of the Union, shall have become extinct; and, upon such Extindion of Three Peerages, that it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to create One Peer of that Part of the United Kingdom called; and in like

Manner, £b often as Three Peerages of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland shall become extinct, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to create One other Peer of the said Part of the United Kingdom; and if it shall happen that the Peers of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland shall, by Extindion of Peerages, or otherwise, be reduced to the Number of One Hundred, exclusive of such Peers of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland as shall be Peers of Great Britain or the United Kingdom, then and in that Cale it shall and may be lawful to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to create One Peer of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, whenever any One of such One Hundred Peerages shall have failed by Extindion, or otherwise, it being the true Intent and Meaning of this Article, that, at all Times after the Union, it mail and may be lawful to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to keep up the exclusive Peerage of that Part of the said United Kingdom called Ireland, to the Number of One Hundred; That, if any w

Peerage shall at any Time be in Abeyance, such Peerage shall be deemed and taken as an existing Peerage, and no Peerage shall be deemed extinct, unless on Default of Claimants to the Inheritance of such Peerage for the Space of One Year from the Death of the Person who shall have been last possessed thereof; and if no Claim shall be made to the Inheritance of such Peerage, in such Form and Manner as may from Time to Time be prescribed by the House of Lords of the United Kingdom, before the Expiration of the said Period of a Year, then and in that same such Peerage shall be deemed extinct, provided that nothing herein shall exclude any Person from afterwards putting in a Claim to the Peerage so deemed extinct; and if such Claim shall be allowed as valid, by Judgment of the House of Lords of the United Kingdom reported to His Majesty, such Peerage^shall be considered as revived; and, in case any new Creation of a Peerage of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, shall have taken Place in the Interval, in Consequence of the supposed Extinction of such Peerage, then no new Right of Creation shall accrue to His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeil'ors, in Consequence of the next Extinction which shall take Place of any Peerage of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland: That all Questions touching the Election of Members to fit on the Part of Ireland in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom, shall be heard and decided in the same Manner as Questions touching such Elections in Great Britain now are, or at any Time hereafter shall by Law be heard and decided; l'ubjefl neven-theless to such particular Regulations, in respect of Ireland, as from local Circumstances the Parliament of the said United Kingdom may from Time to Time deem expedient: That the Qualifications, in respect to Property, of the Members elected on the Part of Ireland to fit in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom, shall be respectively the same as are now provided by Law in the Cafes of Elections for Counties, and Cities, and Boroughs, respectively, in that Part of Great Britain called England, unless any other Provision shall hereafter be made in that Respect by Act of Parliament of the United Kingdom: That, when His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall declare His, her, or their Pleasure for holding the First or any subsequent Parliament of the United Kingdom, a Proclamation shall issue, under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, to cause the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, who are to serve in the Parliament thereof on the Part of land, to be returned in such Manner as by any Act of this present Session of the Parliament of Ireland shall be provided; and that the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, of Great Britain, shall, together with the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, so returned as aforesaid on the Part of Ireland, constitute the Two Houses of the Parliament of the United Kingdom: That if His Majesty, on or before the First Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and One, on which Day the Union is to take place, shall declare, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, that it is expedient that the Lords and Commons of the present Parliament of Great Britain should be the Members of the respective Houses of the First Parliament of the United Kingdom on the Part of Great Britain, then the said Lords and Commons of the present Parliament of Great Britain shall accordingly be the Members of the respective Houses of the First Parliament of the United Kingdom on the Part of Great Britain, and they, together with the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, so summoned and returned as above on the Part of Ireland, shall be the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, of the First Parliament of the United Kingdom; and such First Parliament may (in that Cafe) if not sooner dif-solved, continue to fit so long as the present Parliament of Great Britain may now by Law continue to fit, if not sooner diflblvcd; Provided always, That, until an Act

shall

Geo. III. 20 Mali.

45$>

shall have passed in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, declaring in what Cafes Peiions holding Offices or Places of Profit under the Crown in , shall be capable of being Members of the House of Coriimons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, no greater Number of Members than Twenty holding such Office or Places as aforesaid shall be capable of fitting, in the said House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, and if any greater Number of Members than Twenty, holding such Offices or Places as aforesaid, shall be returned to i'erve in the House of Commons of the United Parliament, then, and in such Case, the^Seats of l'uch of those Members as shall have last accepted such Offices or Places shall be vacated, so as to reduce the Number of Members holding such Offices or Places to the Number of Twenty, and no Person holding any such Office or Place shall be capable of being elected, or of fitting, while there are Twenty Persons holding such Offices or Places fitting in the said United Parliament; and that every one of the Lords of Parliament of the United Kingdom, and every Member of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom, in the First and all succeeding Parliaments, shall, until the Parliament of the United Kingdom shall otherwise provide, take the Oaths and make and subscribe the Declaration which are at present by Law enjoined to be taken, made, and subscribed, by the Lords and Commons of the Parliament of Great Britain: That the Lords of Parliament on the Part of , in the House of

Lords of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, shall at all Times have the same Privileges of Parliament which shall belong to the Lords of Parliament on the Part of Great Britain; and the Lords Spiritual and Temporal respectively on the Part of Ireland, shall at all, Times have the same Rights, in respect of their fitting and voting upon the Trial of Peers, as the Lords Spiritual and Temporal respectively on the Part of Great Britain; and that all Lords Spiritual of Ireland shall have Rank and Precedency next and immediately after the Lords Spiritual of the same Rank and Degree of Great Britain, and shall enjoy all Privileges as fully as

the Spiritual Lords of England do now, or as any other Spiritual Lords of England may hereafter enjoy the fame, the Right and Privilege of fitting in the House of Lords, and the Privileges depending thereon, and particularly the Right of fitting on the Trial of Peers, excepted; and that the Persons holding any Temporal Peerages of Ireland, existingat the Time of the Union, shall, from and after the Union, have Rank and Precedency next and immediately after all the Persons holding Peerages of the like Orders and Degrees in Great Britain, subsisting at the Time of the Union; and that all Peerages of Ireland, created after the Union, shall have Rank and Precedency with the Peerages of the United Kingdom so created, according to the Dates of their Creations; and that all Peerages, both of Great Britain and now subsisting, or hereafter to be created, shall, in all other Respects, from the Date of Union, be considered as Peerages of the United Kingdom; and that the Peers of Ireland shall, as Peers of the United Kingdom, be sued and tried as Peers, except as aforesaid, and shall enjoy all Privileges of Peers as fully as the Peers of Great Britain, the Right and Privilege of fitting in the House of Lords, and the Privileges depending thereon, and the Right of fitting on the Trial of Peers, only excepted.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it be the Fifth Article of Union, That the Churches of that Part of Great Britain called England, and of Ireland, shall be united into One Church; and that whenever His Majesty shall summon a Convocation of the Clergy, the Archbishops, Bishops, Priests, and Clergy, of the several Provinces in England and Ireland, shall be respectively summoned to, and fit in, the re-Yo 1 $5'

spective Convocations of the said several Provinces of Relations re-the United Church, in like Manner, and subject to the ftJionVith feme Regulations, as are at present by Law established Ireland — with respect to the Convocations of the Church of Eng- .

land-, and that the Doctrine, Worstiip, Discipline, and Government, of the said United Church, shall be preferred as riow by Law established for the Church of England, and shall be deemed and taken to be a fundamental Article of the Union, and that the Doctrine,

Worship; and Discipline, and Government, of the Church of Scotland, shall likewise be preserved as now by Law, and by the Act of Union, established for the Church of Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it be the Sixth Article Of Union, That His Majesty's Subjects of Great Britain and Ireland shall, from and after the First Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and One, be entitled to the same Privileges, and be on the same Footing as to Encouragements and Bounties on the like Articles, being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of either Kingdom respectively, and generally in respect of Trade and Navigation in all Ports and Places in the United Kingdom and its Dependencies; And that in all Treaties made by His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with any Foreign Power;

His Majesty's Subjects of Ireland shall have the same Privileges, and be on the same Footing, as His Majesty's Subjects of Great Britain: That," from the First Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and One, all Prohibitions and Bounties on the Export of Articles the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of either Country to the other, shall cease and determine, and that the said Articles shall thenceforth be exported from one Country to the other without Duty or Bounty on such Export: That all Articles, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of either Kingdom (not herein after enumerated as subject to specific Duties) shall from thenceforth be imported into each Country from the other free from Duty, other than such countervailing Duty as shall be annexed to the several Articles contained in the Schedules No. I. A. and B.; and that, for the Period of Twenty Years from the Union, the Articles herein after enumerated shall be subject, on Importation into each Country from the other, to the Duties specified in the Schedule No. II. or to such other countervailing Duties as shall hereafter be imposed by the Parliament of the United Kingdom, in the Manner herein after provided, annexed to this Article; viz.

Apparel,

Brass, wrought,

Cabinet Ware,

Coaches and other Carriages,

Copper, wrought.

Cottons, other than Callicoes and Mullins, '

Glass,

Haberdashery,

Hats,

Tin Plates, Wrought Iron, and Hardware,

Lace, Gold and Silver; Gold and Silver Thread,

Bullion for Lace, Pearl and Spangles,

Millinery,

Paper, stained.

Pottery,

Sadlery,

Silk Manufacture,

Stockings.

And the Woollen Manufactures, known by the Names of the Old and New Drapery, shall pay, on Importation into each Country, the Duties now payable on Importation into Ireland -, Salt and Hops, on Importation into Ireland, Duties not exceeding those which are now paid in Ireland; and Coals on Importation shall be subject to Burthens not exceeding those to which they are now *

subject;

Refutations reflecting the Union with Ireland- — &

tinted.

2° Mali.

A. 1800.

subject: That Calliccfcs and Muslins shall, on their Importation into either Country', be subject and liable to the Duties now payable on the same on the Importation thereof from Great Britain into ,until the Fifth

Day of, January One thousand Eight hundred and Eight, and from and after the said Day, the said Duties shall be annually reduced by equal Proportions as near as may be in each Year, so as that the said Duties shall stand at Ten per Centum, from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and Sixteen, until the Fifth Day of January which shall be in the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Twenty-one j and that Cotton Yarn and Cotton Twist shall also be fub-jeCfc and liable to the Duties now payable upon the same until the Fifth Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and Eight, and from and after the said Day the said Duties shall be annually reduced by equal Proportions as near as may be in each Year, so as that all Duties shall cease on the said Articles from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and Sixteen: That any Articles of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of either Country, which are, or may be, subject to internal Duty, or to Duty on the Materials of which they are composed, may be made subject, 90 their Importation into each Country respectively from the other, to such countervailing Duty as shall appear to be just and reasonable in respect to such internal Duty or Duties on the Materials; and that, for the said Purposes, the Articles specified in the said Schedule, N" I. shall, upon Importation into , be subject

to the Duty let forth therein, liable to be taken off, diminished, or increased, in the Manner herein specified; and that, upon the Export of the like Articles from each Country to the other respectively, a Drawback shall be given equal in Amount to the countervailing Duty payable on the Articles hereinbefore specified on the Import into the same Country from the other; and that in like Manner, in future, it shall be competent to the United Parliament to impole any new or additional countervailing Duties, or to take off, or diminish, such existing countervailing Duties as may appear; on like Principles, to be just and reasonable, in respect of any future or additional internal Duty on any Article of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of either Country, or of any new or additional Duty on any Materials of which such Article may be composed, or of any Abatement of the fame; and that, when any such new or additional countervailing Duty shall be so imposed, on the Import of any Article into either Country from the other, a Drawback, equal in Amount to such countervailing Duty, shall be given in like Manner on the Export of every such Article, respectively, from the same Country to the other: That all Articles, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of either Kingdom, when exported through the other, shall, in all Cases, be exported, subject to the same Charges as if they had been exported directly from the Country of which they were the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture: That all Duty, charged on the Import of Foreign Or Colonial Goods into either Country, Ihal), on their Export to the other, be either drawn back, or the Amount, if any be retained, shall be placed to the Credit of the Country to which they shall be so exported, so long as the general Expences of the Empire shall be defrayed by proportional Contributions provided nothing herein shall extend to take away any Duty, Bounty, or Prohibition, which exists with respect to Corn, Meal, Malt, Flour, and Biscuit; but that the same may be regulated, varied, or repealed, from Time to Time, as the United Parliament shall deem expedient,

SCHEDULE, N° I.

Of the Articles to be charged with countervailing Duties upon Importation from Ireland into Great Britain, and from Great Britain into Ireland respCc-tively, according to the Sixth Article of Union.

A. . B.

On Importation into Great On Importation into Britain from Ireland. from Great Britain.

Beer,

Bricks and Tiles Candles,

Chocolate, 'Cocoa Paste, and Cocoa,

Cordage,

Cyder and Perry;

Glass,

Hops,

Leather

Mead and Methcglin, Paper and Books,

Paper, stained.

Printed Goods,

Salt,

Beer,

Glass,

Leather, Paper, stained, Paper,

Silk,

Spirits,

Sugar, refined;

Sweets,

Tobacco,

Silk,

Soap,

Spirits,

Starch and Hair Powder; -Sugar, refined,

Sweets,

Tobacco,

Verjuice and Vinegar,

Wire.

SCHEDULE, NJ II.

o

3

"cl

4J

3

Of the Articles charged with the Duties specified upon Importation into Great Britain and Ireland respectively, according to the Sixth Article of Union.

Apparel,

Brass, wrought.

Cabinet Ware,

Coaches and other Carriages,

Copper, wrought, »

Cottons, except Callicoesand Muslins,

Glass,

Haberdashery,

Hats,

Tin Plates, Wrought Iron, and Hardware,

Lace, Gold and Silver; Gold and Silver Thread, Bullion for Lace, Pearl and Spangles,

Millinery,

Paper, stained Pottery,

Sadlery and other Manufactured Leather,

Silk Manufacture,

Stockings.

CJ

a

o

a

b

a

H

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it be the Seventh Article of Union, That the Charge arising from the Payment of the Interest, and the Sinking Fund for the Reduction of the Principal, of the Debt incurred in either Kingdom before the Union, shall continue to be separately defrayed by Great Britain and Ireland respectively, except as herein after provided: That, for the Space of Twenty Years after the Union shall take Place, the Contribution of Great Britain and Ireland respectively towards the Expenditure of the United Kingdom in each Year, shall be defrayed in the Proportion of Fifteen Parts for Great Britain, and Two Parts for Ireland:That, at the Expiration of the said Twenty Years, the future Expenditure of the United Kingdom (other than the Interest and Charges of the Debt to which either Country shall be separately liable) shall be defrayed in such Proportion as the United Parliament shall deem just and reasonable, upon a

Companion

ao Geo. III. 0? Mail. 461

Comparison of the real Value of the fexports and Imports of the respective Countries, upon an Average of the Three Years next preceding the Period of Revision; or on a Comparison of the Value of the Quantities of the following Articles Oonfumed within the respective Countries, on a similar Average; videlicet', Beer, Spirits, Sugar, Wine, Tea, Tobacco, and Malt; or, according to the aggregate Proportion resulting from both thele Considerations combined; or on a Comparison of the Amount of Income in each Country, estimated from the Produce, for the same Period, of a General Tax (if such shall have been imposed) on the same Descriptions of Income in both Countries; and that the Parliament of the United Kingdom shall afterwards proceed in like Manner to revile and fix the said Proportions, according to the same Rules, or any of them, at Periods not more distant than.Twenty Years, nor less than Seven Years, from each other, unless previous to any such Period the United Parliament shall have declared, as herein after provided, that the General Expences of the Empire shall be defrayed indiscriminately by equal Taxes im-poled on the like Articles in both Countries: That, for the defraying the said Expences according to the Rules above laid down, the Revenues of Ireland shall hereafter constitute a Consolidated Fund, which shall be charged in the First Instance with the Interest of her Debt, and the Sinking Fufid applicable to the Reduction thereof, and the Remainder shall be applied towards defraying the Proportion of the General Expence of the United Kingdom, to which Ireland may be liable in each Year: That the Proportion of Contribution to which Great Britain and Ireland will by these Articles be liable, shall be raised by such Taxes in each Kingdom respectively as the Parliament of the United Kingdom shall, from' Time to Time, deem fit: Provided always, That in regulating the Taxes in each Country, by which their re-fpcifcive Proportions shall be levied, no Article in Ireland shall be liable to be taxed to any Amount exceeding that which will be thereafter payable in England on the like Article: That if, at the End of any Year, any Surplus shall accrue from the Revenues of Ireland, after defraying the Interest, Sinking Fund, and proportional Contribution, and separate Charges to which the said Country is liable, either Taxes shall be taken off to the Amount of such Surplus, or the Surplus shall be applied by the United Parliament to local Purposes in Ireland, or to make good any Deficiency which may arise in her Revenues in Time of Peace, or be invested by the Commissioners of the National Debt of Ireland in the Funds, to accumulate for the Benefit of Ireland at Compound Interest, in ease of her Contribution in Time of War, provided the Surplus so to accumulate shall at no future Period be suffered to exceed the Sum of Five Millions: That all Monies to be raised after the Union by Loan in Peace or War, for the Service of the United Kingdom, by the Parliament thereof, shall be considered to be a Joint Debt, and the Charges thereof shall be borne by the respective/Countries in the Proportion of their respective Contributions $ provided that, if at any Time, in raising their respective Contributions hereby fixed for each Kingdom, the Parliament of the United Kingdom shall judge it fit to raise a greater Proportion of such respective Contributions in one Kingdom within the Year than in the other, or to let apart a greater Proportion of Sinking Fund for the Liquidation of the Whole or any Part of the Loan raised on Account of the one Country, than of that raised on Account of the other Country, then such Part of the said Loan, for the Liquidation of which different Provisions have been made for the respective Gauntries, shall be kept distinct, and shall be borne by each separately, and only that Part of the said Loan be deemed joint and common, for the Reduction of which the respective Countries shall have made Provision in the Proportion of their respective Contributions: That if at any future Day the separate Debt of each Kingdom respectively shall have been liquidated, or the Values of their respective Debts (efti-Vol. 55.

mated according to the Amount of the Interest: and Annuities attending the fame, of the Sinking Fund applicable to the Reduction thereof, and the Period within which the whole Capital of such Debt shall appear to be redeemable by such Sinking Fund) shall be to each other in the same Proportion with the respective Contributions of each Kingdom respectively, or where the Amount by which the Value of the larger of such Debts shall vary from such Proportion shall not exceed One Hundredth Part of the said Value, and if it shall appear to the United Parliament, that the respective Circumstances of the Two Countries will thenceforth admit of their contributing indiscriminately, by equal Taxes imposed on the same Articles in each, to the future Gene al Expence of the United Kingdom, it shall be competent to the said United Parliament to declare, that all future Expence thenceforth to be incurred, together with the Interest and Charges of all Joint Debts contracted previous to such Declaration, shall be so defrayed indiscriminately, by equal Taxes imposed on the same Articles in each Country, and thenceforth from Time to Time, as Circumstances may require, to impose and apply such Taxes accordingly; subject only to such particular Exemptions or Abatements in Ireland, and that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, as Circumstances may appear from Time to Time to demand; that, from the Period of such Declaration, it shall no longer be necessary to regulate the Contribution of the Two Countries towards the future General Expences, according to any specific Proportion, or according to any of the Rules hereinbefore prescribed: Provided nevertheless, That the Interest: or Charges which may remain on Account of any Part of the separate Debt with which either Country is chargeable, and which shall not be liquidated or consolidated proportionably as above, shall, until extinguished, continue to be defrayed by separate Taxes in each Country: That a Sum, not less than the Sum which has been granted by the Parliament of Ireland, on the Average of the lad Six Years, as Premiums for the internal Encouragement of Agriculture or Manufactures, or for the maintaining Institutions for pious and charitable Purposes, shall be applied, for the Period of Twenty Years after the Union, to such local Purposes in Ireland, in such Manner as the Parliament of the United Kingdom shall direct: That, from and after the First: Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and One, all Public Revenue arising from the Territorial Dependencies of the United Kingdom, shall be applied to the general Expenditure of the Empire, in the Proportions of the respective Contributions of the Two Countries.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it be the Eighth Article of Union, That all Laws in Force at the Time of the Union, and all the Courts of Civil and Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction within the respective-Kingdoms, shall remain as now by Law established within the same; subject only to such Alterations and Regulations from Time to Time as Circumstances may appear to the Parliament of the United Kingdom to require; provided that all Writs of Error and Appeals depending at the Time of the Union, or hereafter to be brought, and which might now be finally decided by the House of Lords of either Kingdom, shall, from and after1 the Union, be finally decided by the House of Lords of the United Kingdom; and provided that, from and after the Union, there shall remain in Ireland an Instance Court of Admiralty for the Determination of Causes Civil and Maritime only, the Appeals from Sentences of the said Court to lie to His Majesty's Delegates in His Court of Chancery in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; and that all Laws at present in Force in either Kingdom, which shall be contrary to any of the Provisions which may be enacted by any Act for carrying this Resolution into Effect, be, from and after the Union, repealed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Resolutions be now read a Second Time j

6 B The

Resolution re«i specting the Union with Ireland — continued.

{j

1° — 5 Mail.

A. 1800.

Hnckney ' Conches, &c. Biii, deferred.

Petition against Cooklnm ln-

doiiue Bill.

Leicester and Melton Mowbray Navigation Bill, reported, and rc-commi tied.

The House was moved, That the Fourth, Sixth, Seventh, Sixteenth, Seventeenth, Eighteenth, Twenty-first, Twenty-fecund, and Twenty-third Articles of the Union between England and Scotland, might be read. And the same being read accordingly;

And the Question being put, That the said Reflations be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

{Mr.

The Lord > 208.

bury: J

{Mr. 1

Sir I 26.

Milner: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Three First Resolutions of the Committee, being accordingly read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Rates and Fares taken by Licensed Hackney Coachmen, and for establishing other Rates and Fares in lieu thereof; and for explaining and amending several Laws relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luries^ 5 die Mail;

Anno 40 Georgii III'1 Regis, 1800. Prayers.

A PETITION of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, ami Waste Lands, within the Parish of Cook ham, in the County of Berks; and Setting forth. That, although the said Commons are Wade, they are far from being, in their present State, unprofitable to the Petitioners, and others, having Rights thereon, as they enable the Farmers to rear a great Stock of Cattle at little Expence, and to preserve, their Sheep in good Health by a Change of Palturage, and the Poor Cottagers arc thereby enabled to keep Cows, Pigs, and ^Poultry, and to supply themselves with Furze for Fuelt'and Fern for Litter, which they have been entitled to from Time immemorial, and by that Means many of them have brought up large Families with very little oc-callonal Assistance frofli the Parish; and that the Petitioners are convinced, that any Division and Inclosureof the said Commons will be productive of great Loss and Injury to the Petitioners, and other Persons interested in, or having Rights on, the said Commons; And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read & Second Time: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Sir Edmund Cradock Hart of f reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Naviga-

2

tion to Mellon Moivbray, in the County of Leicester, to complete their Navigation, and todischarge the Debts contracted by them in the making thereof, and for amending the Act, passed in the Thirty-full Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Navigation, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thefeunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Sir John Callander reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for lighting the Streets and Lanes of the Borough of Berwick upon 7 and the Qufiys and Wharfs belonging to the said Borough, and that Part of the Bridge over the River Tweed which lies within the Liberties of the said Borough, and also of the Street of Caf legate, within the said Borough, or the Liberties thereof, and for paving the Footpaths of the principal Streets of the said Borough, and of C, if legate afore fa i d, and for preventing Obllrudlions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufactureers, Mill Owners, and others, concerned in the Wool and Woollen Trade, in the County of Cornwall, was pretented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe with inexpressible Concern, in the Arrangement for an Union with the Siller Kingdom of Ireland, it is proposed to repeal those Laws which prohibit the Exportation of British Wool to that Kingdom, whilst on her Part file continues the protecting Duties for her Woollen Manufactures; and that the Growth of Wool in England is by no Means adequate to supply the Manufacturers with a Quantity equal to the present Demand for the Home and Foreign Markets, and therefore, if any Part of the Raw Wool is permitted to be exported, it will materially and infallibly injure the Petitioners and their Labourers; and that the Petitioners are fearful that, if British Wool be permitted to be exported to Ireland, considerable Quantities will be conveyed to Foreign Parts under the Pretext of conveying it to Ireland, and even after its Arrival there, it will be clandestinely exported agaiu, and thus afford the Foreigner the Means of rivalling the Petitioners in Foreign Markets, without benefiting the new Members of the British Empire: And therefore praying, That, in the Arrangement of the Two Kingdoms for an Union, Britain may not be deprived of that Article which has been the Foundation of its Prosperity and Happiness.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Ajlley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Half Year or Shack Lands, Warrens, Commons, Heaths, Commonable Lands, and Wallc Grounds, within the Parishes of Horsford, Horsham Saint Faith's, and Hamlet

of

Berwick. Pa ing Bill, reported.

Petition of W«>o,len Ma« nufatturers. See. of Cornwall.

Horsford, &re. Inclosure Bill, pielented.

40 Geo. III.

5° Mali.

463

of Newton Saint Faith's, in the County of Norfolk ! And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ovington in- Mr. AJlley reported from the Committee, to whom reported8'11' ^e Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing/the Whole Year Lands, Open Fields, Commons, Commonable Wood Grounds, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of , in the County of

Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Ownersf of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £. 43. 10 s. per Annum, who refilled to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed at ^.403. ioj,; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) j and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered . the Bill, with the Amendment , in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Wpon Road Sir James Graham reported from the Committee, to Bill, reported.] whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to.repairing and widening the Road from the' Borough of Ripou, by Ingram , to the Town of Pateley Bridge, in the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bili, and made' several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; anil he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Petitions of A Petition of the there-undersigned Innkeepers, Vic-innkeepus, tuallers, and Publicans, of the Borough and Town of Weymouth and MelcombeRegis, in the County of Dorset, and the Neighbourhood thereof: And all'o,

A Petition of the several Persons, who have thereunder subscribed their Names, residing in the Town of

Shreu'fbiiry, in the County of Salop, and being Innholders, Victuallers, and Persons engaged in Bulinesses whereby they are subject to the Burthen of Quartering Soldiers, on Behalf of themselves and all others engaged in the like Businesses in the said Town;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the Losses which the Petitioners alledge they sustain from the Quartering of Horle and Foot Soldiers, on Account of the High Price of Hay and Straw, and the Dearness of every Article of Housekeeping; and praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as shall feenv meet.

And the said Petitions werp severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

VOL. 55.

Sir Henry Paulet St. John presented to the

House, according to Order, a Bill for the repairing the Parish Church of Chelmsj'ord, in the County of Efex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Manning reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making Wet Docks, Balons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Ship Builders, and Owners and Proprietors of Ship Yards and Dry Docks adjoining to the River Thames, in the Port of London; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are there-undersigned, being a Quorum of the Commissioners of Sewers for the Tower Hamlets; and also, the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council, assembled; and

also, the Petition of the Governor and Company of the Water Works and Water Houses, in and

also, the Petition of the Right Honourable Peter Lord Gwydir, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, together with a List of the Names of the Persons who have assented, dissented, or declared themselves neuter, in respect to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said Lift, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, the Open Arable Fields, Stinted Pastures, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Kearby, otherwise Kirkby, other-

wife Kirby-cum-Nether by, in the Parish of

blow, in the West Riding of the County of And

the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improving, the several Open Arable Fields, lngs, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Womerjley, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Earl Temple presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Lammas Lands, Commons, Heaths, Moors, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Iver, in the County of Buckingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, from the Twenty-h ft h Day of March One thousand Eight hundred; without any Amendment: And also,

Th^Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames, near the Town of Gravesend, in the County

Chelmsford Church Bill, presented *

London Docks, See. Bill, repotted.

Kirkby Inrlo *

sure Bill, presented.

Womerfl^y Inclosuie Bili, committed.

Iver Inclosure Bill, presented.

The Lords have agreed to

Militia Pay Bill.

Thames and Medway Canal Bill.

4 54

Mail

A. 1800.

County of Kent, to the River Medway, at a Place called Nicholson'sShip Yard, in the Parish of ,in the

Paid County; and also, a certain Collateral Cut from White Wall, in the said Parish, to the said River Medway; without any Amendment: And also,

Welford in- The Lords have agreed to the Bill,- intituled, An Act cW'ure Bill, fot; dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Common Meadows, within such Part of the Parish of Welford as is within the County of G; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lord The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for bcnue'^titate enabling Trustees to enfranchise Copyhold Messuages or Bill. Tenements in the Manor of in the County of Sussex, and to grant Leaies of certain other Tenements, within the said Manor, devised by the Will of the late Charles Scrafe, Esquire, deceased; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, Pownty'j Ei- The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for uu Bill. veiling the Estates of Penyfton Portluck Powney, Esquire, deceased, situate in the County of in Trustees, to

be sold for paying Incumbrances and Debts, and for laying out the Surplus under the Directions of the Court of Chancery in the Purchase of other Estates, to be conveyed to the Trustees of the Will of the said Penyston Portlock Powney, in lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

MaMon A Bill for building a new Bridge over the River

Bruigc Bill, mer, or Blackwater, at in the Town of Mal-

commiu . }n t|)e County of Essex, was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Strutt, Mr. Bramston, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Lords Amend- The House proceeded to take into Consideration the fieVdinciofiire Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled. Bin, agreed to An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Common called Tanfield Moor, in the Parish of Chester-le-Street, in the County of Durham.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 18. Leave out from " Esquire" to

" Thomas," in Line 20.

The said Amendment, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Bur don do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Giafeow po- Mr. McDowa!l presented to the House, according to Icntedpft" Ofder» a- Bill for extending the Royalty of the City of Glasgow, over certain adjacent Lands; for paving, lighting, and cleansing the Streets; for regulating the Police, and appointing an Intendent thereof, and Watchmen; for dividing the City into Wards, and appointing Superintendents; and for railing Funds, and giving certain Powers to the Magistrates, and Council and Town and Dean of Guild Courts, for the above and other Purpo-fes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Newton Brom- Mr. Dickins reported from the Committee, to whom Biii 'rn<" ntJ Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands,

and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Newton Bromjhold, in the County of Northampton, and also such of the Open Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Higham Ferrers, in the said County of Northampton, as are called, or known by the Names of The Bufcotts and No Man's Leys, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One'; and, upon the Question severally put there upon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for reviving, continuing, and amending, an Act, Eicion^&a, passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present coi'amiuwi. Majesty, for repairing the Road from High Cross,

near the Town of Elfdon, in the County of Northumberland, to the RedSwyre, upon the Mid Border betwixt

England and Scotland, was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bragge,

Mr. Abbot, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Newark upon Fields, Meadows, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Trcutlnck>- Nezvark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, was mitted. read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed toMr. Parker Coke,

Mr. Manners Sutton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Ef court reported from the Committee, to whom Aidboumc

the Bill for providing a Workhouse for the Use of the Parish of Aldbourne, in the County of Wilts, and for appointing an additional Overseer for the better Government of the Poor of the said Parish, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Samuel Thornton reported from the Committee, Report on to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the mitted Peti-Governor and Company of the Bank of England, was re- tlon-ferred; That the Committee had further examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for improving Cities or Towns, had not been complied with; but it appeared to the Committee, that all the Owners, and moll of the Occupiers of Houses, to be affected by the Improvements mentioned in the Petition, are consenting thereto; and that the whole Expence of making the said Improvements will be defrayed by the Petitioners; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Soane, Esquire, an Architect, being examined, laid.

That, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament, sundry Houses, Ground, Hereditaments, and Premises, were purchased by and vested in the Petitioners, and the Edifice of the Bank was very much enlarged and extended, and the Passages leading thereto made more commodious for the Public: That, in Consequence of

the

40 Geo. III. Mail. 465

the great Increase of Public Debt, and of the Public Business transacted by the Petitioners, and also the Ex tension of their Dealings and Transa<ftions with Individuals, the Scite on which the said Edifice now Hands is inadequate to enable the Petitioners to erect safe, proper, and convenient Offices for the Transa<ftion and Management of the important Concerns placed under their Management: That the Avenues leading to and adjoining the said Edifice, on the East and Well Side? thereof, are narrow and inconvenient, and it is proposed to widen and render the same more commodious, and in particular to continue the West Avenue, called Princes

Street, in a direct: Line from the Front of the Mansion House to Lothbury; and to purchase all the Premises necessary for that Purpose; and to take the Angle, which will be thereby made on the East Side of such Street or Avenue, when lb improved, into, and to make it Part of, the Scite of the Bank, and by that Means to increase and extend the Public Offices thereof: That the said Avenue on the West Side of the Bank, called Princes Street, is now very narrow and crooked, info-much that if the Houses on the West Side thereof, of-pofite to the Bank. should take Fire, the Safety of the said Edifice would be greatly endangered j and it is therefore of great Public Importance that the said Avenue should be widened and made more commodious, and proceed in a dire (ft Line from Man/ton House Street to Lothbury: — And, the Witness further said, That the South End of Bartholomew Lane, opposite the South East Corner of the said Edifice, and immediately fronting the North Gate of the Royal Exchange, is very narrow and incommodious, and the Petitioners are desirous of purchasing Four Houses forming the North West Corner of the ('aid Street called Bartholomew Lane, for the Purpose of taking down the fame, in order to widen and render more commodious the Avenue on the East Side of the Bank; and to render the said Improvement complete, it will be requisite to make a Foot Passage through the Lower Part of the Tower of Saint tholomew's Church, adjoining to the said Houses.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

The Marquis of Worcester reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Road from or near Lightpill Gate, on the Road leading from Bath to Dud bridge, in the Parish of to

oin the Turnpike Road from Painswick to Cheltenham, at or near Birdlip, in the Parishes of Brimpsfield and Cowley, or One of them, all in the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made fevet al Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. *

An ingrossed Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the Road from a Place called The Stone Pillar, or Cross Hand, in the Parish of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, to, or near to, a Bridge, called Knox Bridge, in the Parish of in the County of Gloucester, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said Counties of Wilts and Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the Road from a Place called The Stone Pillar, or Cross Hand, in the Parish of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, to, or near to, a Bridge

Vol. 55.

called Knox Bridge, in the Parish of Westerleigh, in the County of Gloucester, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said Counties of Wilts and Gloucester.

Ordered, That the Marquis of Worcester do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Heneage Legge and William Sheldon, Esquires, divers Freehold Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, ,in the County of Surrey, late the Estate of Sarah West, Widow, and conveyed by her to Joseph Martin, Esquire, and Beriah Hills, Gentleman, by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date respectively the Twentieth and Twenty-first Days of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, upon several Trulls, and for enabling the said Heneage Legge and William Sheldon to execute such of the same Trulls as are now subsisting, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynaston Powell, Mr. Vyner, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Trustees to enfranchise Copyhold Messuages or Tenements in the Manor of Brighthelmston, in the County of Sussex, and to grant Leases of certain other Tenements within the said Manor, devised by the Will of the late Charles Scrafe, Esquire, deceased, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time:

The House being informed that Mr. Sentance (from the Commissioners of the Customs) attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Number of Vessels, and the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys usually employed in navigating the fame, which belonged to the several Ports of the British Empire, on the 30th of September in the Years 1789, 1790, 1791, 1792,1793, 1794, 1795, 1796, 1797, and 1798, as far as the same can be made up: And also.

An Account of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of tfieir Tonnage, which have been annually built and registered in the several Ports of the British Empire between the 5th January 1789 and the 5th January 1799, as far as the fianae can be made up.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Glover, (from the inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain) attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Coals exported from the Ports of Newcastle, Sunderland, Hartley, and Blythe, since the Year 1790, distinguishing each Year; and distinguishing also those sent to Foreign Countries, to London, and Coastways to any other Part of Great Britain: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Coals exported from the several Ports of this Kingdom, from the ill of January 1790 to the ill of Janu 1800, distinguishing each Year; as also the Ports from which the same were exported, and the Places to which they were respectively cleared out, other than the Ports of Newcastle, Sunderland, Hartley, and Blythe.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

6 C Ordered,

West' Edatf Bill, com milted.

Scrafe's Estate Bill, read *

Account! of Shipping, dec, presented.

Accounts of Coals, exported, presented.

Duke of Rich . m< j i \grce-

me t Pill, comnmicii *

Bill respecting Good Friday, committed *

Bill for settling Pifputcs between Mister and Servant!, committed.

Hackney Coaches Bill, deterred.

466 50 Mail. . 1800.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill to confirm an Agreement entered into between the Com mi (Goners of His Majesty's Treasury and the most Noble Charier Duke of , in pursuance of

an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable " the Commissioners of the Treasury to contract with " the most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond for the absolute Purchase of the Property of the said Duke, and " of all others intereded in a certain Duty of Twelve " Pence per Chaldron on Coals shipped in the River " Tyne, to be continued in , and to grant a

" Compensation for the fame, by Way of Annuity, payable out of the Consolidated Fund," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said BilL

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better Observance of Good in

certain Cafes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Ortjer being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the better settling of Disputes between x Matters and Mistresses of Families and their Menial or Domestic Servants, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon Friday Morning next."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now " (land Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second

Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for'repealing-the Rates and Fares taken by Licensed Hackney Coachmen, and for establishing other Rates and Fares in lieu thereof; and for explaining and amending several Laws relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

3

Mr. Brag'ge, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confide? of so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to " His Majesty certain additional Duties on Sugar imported and exported, and on Coffee exported; and " for reducing the Drawbacks now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar," as imposes Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of His Majesty's most Gracious Message of the 2d Day of April last, communicating to this House the Resolutions of the Lords and Commons of Ireland, fe-spefting an Union between the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, with their Address to His Majesty thereupon, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Fourth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by inserting, after the Words " That Four Lords Spiritual Of Ireland]' the Words " and Twenty-six Lords " Temporal of Ireland, in the House of Lords of the " Parliament of the United Kingdoms, and Fifty-five " be the Number of the Representatives of Ireland in the House of Commons of the said Parliament: " That the said Four Lords Spiritual of Ireland shall " serve by Rotation of Sessions, in such Manner as shall " hereafter be regulated by the Parliaments of the Two " Kingdoms: That of the said Twenty-six Lords " Temporal, Ten shall, in the First Instance, be nominated and appointed for Life, by His Majesty, from among such Peers of Ireland as now are Members of " the House of Commons of Great Britain, and the " remaining Sixteen shall be elected for Life by the " Peers of Ireland; and a List of the Names of such other Peers of Ireland as now are Members of the " House of Commons of Great Britain, shall be taken " and preserved by the Clerk of Parliament, to the Intent that when any Vacancy or Vacancies shall happen among the said Twenty-six Lords Temporal, such " Peers of Ireland shall succeed respectively to the same " according to their due Precedence of Rank and Seniority, until the said Lift shall have been gone, " through, after which all Vacancies shall be filled up " by Election of the Peers of Ireland: That the said " Fifty-five Representatives of Ireland shall be chosen,

" One

Innkeeper t Bill, repor:«A.

Comnrtreeon Act rcl'pedting Duties on Sugar and Cotive, Ue-feness.

Report 00

King's Message respecting an Union with Ireland, turtbet considered.

46 Geo III. 50 Mail 467

" One for each County of Ireland, One for the City of " Dublin, One for the City of Cork, One for the University of Trinity College, and Twenty for the remain- ing Cities, Towns, and Boroughs, which now fend " Representatives to the Parliament of Ireland; to " which said Cities, Towns, and Boroughs, all their " Rights and Privileges as they now are shall remain entire, " save and except that they shall be formed into Twenty " Districts, foas in the Judgment of the Parliament of " Ireland may be raoft commodious, with a View to " the Election of One Representative for each such " District: That such Act as shall be passed in the " Parliament of Ireland, and approved by the Parliament of Great Britain previous to the Union, ‘ To " regulate the Mode-by which the Lords Spiritual and " Temporal, and the Commons to serve in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, on the Part of Ire-‘£ land, shall be summoned or returned to the said Parliament,' shall be considered as forming Part of the

* Treaty of Union, and shall be incorporated in the

' Acts of the respective Parlfaments by which the said " Union shall be ratified And established: That all " Questions touching the Rotation or Election of " Lords Spiritual or Temporal of Ireland to fit in the Parliament of the United Kingdom shall be decided ‘.by the House of Lords thereof; and whenever there " shall be an Equality of Votes in the Election of any " such Lords Temporal, the Names of such Peers as " have an equal Number of Votes in their Favour,

* shall be written on Pieces of Paper, of a similar

" Form, and shall be put into a Glass by the Clerk of the Parliament, at the Table of the House of Lords, wliilfl the House is fitting, and the Peer whose Name " shall be first drawn out by the Clerk of the Parliament shall be deemed the Peer elected: That all Questions touching the Election of Members to fit " On the Part of Ireland in the House of Commons of " the United Kingdom, shall be heard and decided in the same Manner as Questions touching such Elec " tions in Great Britain now are, or at any Time here- after shall by Law be heard and decided, subject ne- vertheless to such particular Regulations in relped of " Ireland, as from local Circumstances the Parliament

" of the said United Kingdom may, from Time to " Time, deem expedient: That the Qualifications in " relped to Property, of the Members elected on the " Part of Ireland to fit in the House of Commons ‘c of the United Kingdom, shall be respectively the " same as are now provided by Law in the Cafes of Elections for Counties, and Cities, and Boroughs respectively, in that Part of Great Britain called England, " unless any other Provision shall hereafter be made in " that Respect by Act of Parliament of the United " Kingdom: That all ^qualifications, in respect of " Places, Offices, and Pensions of Persons elected on " the Part of Ireland to fit in the House of Commons " of the United Kingdom, shall be respectively the " same as are now provided by Law for the Purpose of securing the Independency of the Parliament of Great Britain, unless any other Provision shall be hereafter " made in those Respects by Acts of the Parliament of " the United Kingdom: That as long as Great Britain " and Ireland shall continue to be subject to separate and " diflind Syflemsof Taxation, so long the Taxes to be " levied on Great Britain shall be solely and exclusively " regulated by the Representatives of Ireland, in the " Parliament of the United Kingdoms, conformable to " the Regulations which shall hereafter be settled on " that Behalf by the said Parliament, regard being to be had as much as may be to the ancient Proceedings of Parliament as far as the same can be ascertained, " when the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, by reason " of the unequal Ability of their respective Conflituents separately and severally granted Aids and Sub- fidies, in different Proportions, for the Counties, Citics, and Boroughs of this Realm: That when His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall declare His, Vol. 55.

" her, or their Pleasure fof holding the Firfi or any Resolutions rt. " subsequent Parliament of the United Kingdom, a " Proclamation shall issue under the Gi'eat Seal of the Ireland — cun " United Kingdom, to cause the Lords Spiritual and " Temporal,.and Commons, who are to serve in the " Parliament thereof on the Part of Ireland, to be returned, in any Manner, as by any Act of this present Session of Parliament of Ireland shall be provided j and that the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

" and Commons, foas aforesaid returned on the Part of " Ireland, constitute the Two Houses of the Parliament of the United Kingdom: That if His Mar " jesty, on or before the Firfi Day of January One " thousand Eight hundred and One, on which E>ay the " Union is to take place, shall declare, under the Great " Seal of Great Britain, that it is expedient tint the " Lords and Commons of the present Parliament of Great Britain should be the Members of . the respective " Houses of the First Parliament of the United Kingdom, on the Part of Great Britain-, that the said " Lords and Commons of the present Parliament of " Great Britain shall accordingly be the Members of tho " respective Houses of the Firfi Parliament of the " United Kingdom on the Part of , and they, together with the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, so summoned and returned as " above, on the Part of Ireland, shall be the Lords " Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, of the Firfi " Parliament of the United Kingdom; and such First Parliament may, in that Cafe, if not sooner dissolved,

" continue to fit so long as. the present Parliament of " Great Britain may now by Law continue to fit, if not " sooner dissolved; and that every one of the Lords " of Parliament of the United Kingdom, and every " Member of the House of Commons of the United " Kingdom, in the Firfi and all succeeding Parliaments,

" shall, until the Parliament of the United Kingdom u shall otherwise provide, or unless it shall be otherwise provided by the Acts so as aforesaid to be passed by " the Parliament of Ireland, and approved by the Parliament of Great Britain, previous to the Union, take " the Oaths, and make and subscribe the Declaration,

" which are at present by Law enjoined to be taken,

" made, and subscribed, by the Lords and Commons " of the Parliament of Great Britain: That the Lords " of Parliament on the Part of Ireland, in the House " of Lords of the Parliament of the United Kingdom,

" shall, at all Times, have the same Privileges of Parliament as shall belong to the Lords of Parliament on " the Part of Great Britain; and the Lords Spiritual " and Temporal respectively, on the Part of Ireland,

" shall, at all Times, have the same Rights in respect " of their fitting and voting upon the Trial of Peers,

" as the Lords Spiritual and Temporal respectively, on " the Part of Great Britain; and that all Lords Spiritual of Ireland shall have Rank and Precedency next " and immediately after the Lords Spiritual of the same " Rank and Degree of Great Britain, and shall enjoy " all Privileges as fully as the Spiritual Lords of England do now, or as any other Spiritual Lords of England may hereafter enjoy the fame, the Right and Privilege of fitting in the House of Lords, and the Privileges depending thereon, and particularly the Right " of fitting on the Trial of Peers, excepted; and that " the Persons holding any Temporal Peerages of Ireland, existing at the Time of the Union, shall, from " and after the Union, have Rank and Precedency,

" next and immediately after all the Persons holding " Peerages of the like Orders and Degrees in Great " tain subsisting at the Time of the Union; and that " from and after the Union no new Peerages of Ireland " shall be created , but that all Peerages, both of Great Britain and Ireland, now subsisting, shall, in all Respects, from the Date of Union, be considered as " Peerages of the United Kingdom; and that the Peers " of Ireland shall, as Peers of the United Kingdom, be " sued and tried as Peer«, and shall enjoy all Privileges

" of

5° Mail. A. 1800.

Resolutionj re- " of Peers as fully as the Peers of Great Britain, the ^nbnwith " Right and Privilege of fitting in the House of Lords, Ireland — con, " and the Privileges depending thereon, and the Right

on the Trial of Peers alone excepted."

And the Question being put> That those Words be there inserted j

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by inferring, after the Words " and for each of the Thirty-one most considerable Ci- ' ties. Towns, and Boroughs," the Words " Provided " that by an Act to be passed in the Parliament of Ireland previous to the Union, the Right of Voting be " so regulated upon a fair Consideration of the Population and Wealth of each of the said Cities, Towns, " and Boroughs, respectively, as may ensure to the Inhabitants thereof a full and free Representation in the < " United Parliament."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by inferring after the Words " be " the Number to fit and vote on the Part of Ireland in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the " United Kingdom," the Words " unless an Act shall be previously passed in the Parliament of Great " tain to reduce the Numbers of the House of

" Commons; in which same the Number of Representatives to be returned on the Part of Ireland to the " United Parliament, shall also be reduced below the Number of One Hundred, in such Manner as that the Number of Representatives to be returned by " Ireland shall, as nearly as may be, bear the same Proportion to the whole Number of the Representatives " of Great Britain in the United Parliament, as One " Hundred would bear to the whole Number of the " present House of Commons j provided that by such Reduction, the Number of Members to be xeturned a by the several Counties of Ireland, by the Cities of Dublin and Cork, and by the UniVerfity of Trinity " College, shall in no same bediminished."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by inserting in the same Place, the Words " Provided that nothing in this Article shall "be understood to bar the Right, or limit the Competency of the United Parliament, to reduce the " Number of the Representatives on the Part of Ireland at any future Period, provided that the Number of Representatives on the Part of Great Britain " be at the same Time reduced in the same exact Proportion j and that such Reduction shall not be considered as a Violation of the true Spirit and Meaning " of the Articles of Union."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted}

It passed in the Negative.

Then several other Amendments were proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by inserting, after the Words " disqualified from being elected to serve," the Words " if he shall so think fit, or from serving or continuing to serve if he shall so think fit by leaving-out after the Fourth Word " lawful" the Word " to," and inserting the Word " for" instead thereof; by leaving out after the Fifth Word " lawful" the Word " to," and inserting the Word " for" instead thereof; by leaving out the Word " declaring," and inserting the Word " providing" instead thereof; by leaving out the Word " capable," and inserting the Word " incapable" instead thereof; by leaving out the Words " any greater," and inserting the Words " such a" instead thereof j by leaving out the Words " than Twenty holding such " Offices or Places as aforesaid " by inserting after the

Words serve in the" the Word " said j" by leaving out the Words " of Commons of the United Parliament," and inserting the Words " as to make the " whole Number of Members of the said House holding such Offices or Places as aforesaid more than " Twenty" instead thereof; by leaving out the Words " of those" before the Word " Members by inserting after the Word " fitting" the Words " in the said " House;" by leaving Out the Words " United Parliament" and inserting the Word "House" instead thereof; and by leaving out the Words " of the Parliament" before the Words " of the United Kingdotn."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolvetd, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended. That it be the Fourth Article of Union, That Four Lords Spiritual of Ireland, by Rotation of Sessions, and Twenty-eight. Lords Temporal of Ireland, elected for Life by the Peers of Ireland, shall be the Number to fit and vote, on the Part of Ireland, in the House of Lords of the Parliament

of the United Kingdom; and One Hundred Commoners (Two for each County of Ireland, Two for the City of Dublin, Two for the City of Cork, One for the UniVerfity of Trinity College, and One for each of the Thirty-one moll considerable Cities, Towns, and Boroughs) be' the Number to fit and vote, on the Part of Ireland, in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom: That such Act as shall be passed in the Parliament of Ireland previous to the Union, " To regulate the Mode by which the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and the Commons, to serve in the " Parliament of the United Kingdom on the Part of " Ireland, shall be summoned and returned to the said " Parliament," shall be considered as forming Part of the Treaty of Union, and shall be incorporated in the Acts of the respective Parliaments by which the said Union shall be ratified and established: That all Questions touching the Rotation or Election of Lords Spiritual or Temporal of Ireland to fit in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, shall be decided by the House of Lords thereof; and whenever there shall be an Equality of Votes in the Election of any such Lords Temporal, the Names of such Peers as have an equal Number of Votes in their Favour shall be written on Pieces of Paper of a similar Form, and shall be put into a Glass, by the Clerk of the Parliament, at the Table of the Floufe of Lords, whilst the House is fitting; and the Peer, whole Name shall be first drawn out by the Clerk of the Parliament, shall be deemed the Peer elected: That any Person holding any Peerage of Ireland, now subsisting, or hereafter to be created, shall not thereby be disqualified from being elected to serve, if he shall so think fit, or from serving or continuing to serve, if he shall so think fit, for any County, City, or Borough, of Great Britain, in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom, unless he shall have been previously elected, as above, to fit in the House of Lords of the United Kingdom; but that, so long as such Peer of Ireland, shall so continue to be a Member of the House of Commons, he shall not be entitled to the Privilege of Peerage, nor be capable of being elected to serve as a Peer on the Part of Ireland, or of voting at any such Election; and that he shall be liable to be sued, indicted, proceeded against, and tried, as a Commoner, for any Offence with which he may be charged: That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to create Peers of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and to make Promotions in the Peerage thereof, after the Union, provided that no new Creation of any such Peers shall take place after the Union, until Three of the Peerages of Ierland, which shall have been existing at the Time of the Union, shall have become extinct and, upon such Extinction of Three Peerages, that it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Succef-

40 Geo. III.

Mail.

fors, to Create One Peer of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; and in like Manner, so often as Three Peerages of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland shall become extinct, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to create One other Peer of the said Part of the United Kingdom; and if it shall happen that the Peers of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland shall, by Extindtion of Peerages, or otherwise, be reduced to the Number of One Hundred, exclusive of-such Peers of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland as shall be Peers of Great Britain or the United Kingdom, then and in that same it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to create One Peer of that Part of the United Kingdom called ,whenever any One of such One Hundred Peerages shall have failed by Extinction, or otherwise, it being the true Intent and Meaning of this Article, that, at all Times after the Union, it mall and may be lawful for His Majesty. His Heirs and Successors, to keep up the exclusive Peerage of that Part of the said United Kingdom called Ireland', to the Number of One Hundred: That,

if any Peerage shall at any Time be in Abeyance, such Peerage shall be deemed and taken as an existing Peerage, and no Peerage shall be deemed extinct, unless on Default of Claimants to the Inheritance of such Peerage for the Space of One Year from the Death of the Person who shall have been last possessfed thereof; and if no Claim shall be made to the Inheritance of such Peerage, in such Form and Manner as may from Time to Time be prescribed by the House of Lords of the United Kingdom, before the Expiration of the said Period of a Year, then and in that same such Peerage shall be deemed extinct, provided that nothing herein shall exclude any Person from afterwards putting in a Claim to the Peerage so deemed extinct j and if such Claim shall be allowed as valid, by Judgment of the House of Lords of the United Kingdom reported to His Majesty, such Peerage shall be considered as revived, and, in case any new Creation of a Peerage of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland shall have taken Place in the Interval, in Consequence of the supposed Extinction of such Peerage, then no new Right of Creation shall accrue to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in Consequence of the next Extinction which shall take Place of any Peerage of that Part of the LTnited Kingdom called Ireland: That all Questions touching the Election of Members to lit on the Part of Ireland in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom, shall be heard and decided in the same Manner as Questions touching such Elections in Great Britain now are, or at any Time hereafter shall by Law be heard and decided; subject nevertheless to such particular Regulations, in respect of Ireland, as from local Circumstances the Parliament of the United Kingdom may from Time to Time deem expedient: That the Qualifications, in respect to Property, of the Members elected on the Part of Ireland to lit in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom, shall be respectively the same as are now provided by Law in the Cafes of Elect ions for Counties, and Cities, and Boroughs, respectively, in that Part of Great Britain called England, unless any other Provision shall hereafter be made in that Respect by Act of Parliament of the United Kingdom: That, when His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall declare His, her, or their Pleasure for holding the First or any subsequent Parliament of the United Kingdom, a Proclamation shall issue, under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, to cause the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, who are to serve in the Parliament thereof on the Part of Ireland, to be returned in such Manner as by any Act of this present Session of the Parliament of Ireland shall be provided j and that the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, of Great Britain, shall, together with the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, so returned as Vou 55 *

aforesaid on the Part of Ireland, constitute the Two Reiblmions re-Houses of the Parliament of the United Kingdom: ije^inS «h That if His Majesty, on or before the First Day of Ja- jreiamww-nuary One thousand Eight hundred and One, on which Day the Union is to take place, shall declare, under the ~ *

Great Seal of Great Britain, that it is expedient that the Lords and Commons of the present Parliament of Great Britain should be the Members of the respective Houses of the First Parliament of the United Kingdom on the Part of Great Britain, then the said Lords and Commons of the present Parliament of Great Britain shall accordingly be the Members of the respective Houses of the First Parliament of the United Kingdom on the Part of Great Britain, and they, together with the Lords N Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, so. summoned and returned as above on the Part of Ireland, shall be the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, of the First Parliament of the United Kingdom; and such First Parliament may in that Cafe, if not looner dif-solved, continue to fit so long as the present Parliament of Great Britain may now by Law continue to fit, if not sooner dissolved: Provided always, That, until an Alt shall have passed in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, providing in what Cafes Persons holding Offices of Places of Profit under the Crown in Ireland, shall be incapable of being Members of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, no greater Number of Members than Twenty, holding such Offices or Places as aforesaid, shall be capable of fitting in the said House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, and if such a Number of Members shall be returned to serve in the said House, as to make the whole Number of Members of the said House, holding such Offices or Places as aforesaid, more than Twenty, then and in such same the Seats of such Members as shall have last accepted such Offices or Places shall be vacated, so as to reduce the Number of Members holding such Offices or Places to the Number of Twenty, and no Person bolding any such Office or Place shall be capable of being elected, or of fitting in the said House, while there are Twenty Persons holding such Offices or Places fitting in the said House; and that every One of the Lords of Parliament of the United Kingdom, and every Member of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom, in the First and all succeeding Parliaments, shall, until the Parliament of the United Kingdom shall otherwise provide, take the Oaths, and make and subscribe the Declaration which are at present by Law enjoined to be taken, made, and subscribed, by the Lords and Commons of the Parliament of Great Britain:

That the Lords of Parliament on the Part of Ireland, in the House of Lords of the United Kingdom, shall at all Times have the same Privileges of Parliament which shall belong to the Lords of Parliament on the Part of Great Britain; and the Lords Spiritual and Temporal respectively on the Part of Ireland, shall at all Times have the same Rights, in respect of their fitting and voting upon the Trial of Peers, as the Lords Spiritual and Temporal respectively on the Part of Great Britain; and that all Lords Spiritual of Ireland shall have Rank and Precedency next and immediately after the Lords Spiritual of the same Rank and Degree of Great Britain, and shall enjoy all Privileges as fully as the Spiritual Lords of England do now, or as any other Spiritual Lords of England may hereafter enjoy the fame, the;Right and Privilege of fitting in the House of Lords, and the Privileges 'depending thereon, and particularly the Right of fitting on the Trial of Peers, excepted; and that the Persons holding any Temporal Peerages of Ireland, existing at the Time of the Union, shall, from and after the Union, have Rank and Precedency next and immediately after all the Persons holding Peerages of the like Orders and Degrees in Great Britain, subsisting at the Time of the Union; and that all Peerages of Ireland, created after the Union, shall have Rank and 6 D Precedency

t

47°

5° Mail

A. 1800;

Kcsolutions re- Precedency with the Peerages of the United Kingdom Union wi'th creates^» according to the Dates of their Creations; Ireland — «»- and that all Peerages, both of Great Britain and tmurj. now subsisting, or hereafter to be created, shall, in all

other Respe&s, from the Date of Union, be considered as Peerages of the United Kingdom; and that the Peers of Ireland shall, as Peers of the United Kingdom, be sued and tried as Peers, except as aforesaid, and shall enjoy all Privileges of Peers as fully as the Peers of Great Britain, the Right and Privilege of fitting in the House of Lords, and the Privileges depending thereon, and the Right of fitting on the Trial of Peers, only excepted.

The Fifth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time}

Several Amendments were proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out the Words " that Part of Great Britain called by leaving out the Word " of" before the Word " Ireland;" by leaving out the Word " (hall" after the Word " Irel," and inserting the Words as now by Law established" instead thereof; by inserting, after the Word " One," the Words " Protestant " Episcopal;" by leaving out the Words " and that " whenever His Majesty shall summon a Convocation of " the Clergy, the Archbishops, Bishops, Priests, and " Clergy of the several Provinces in England and,

" shall be respectively summoned to, and fit in, the respective Convocations of the said several Provinces of the United Church, in like Manner, and subject to " the same Regulations, as are at present by Law established, with respect to the Convocations of the Church " of England,'' and inserting the Words " to be called " The United Church of England and ,"instead

thereof; by leaving out the Word " preserved" and inserting the Words " and shall remain in full Force for " ever," instead thereof; by inserting, aft^r the Word " as,", the Words " the same are ;" by inserting, after the Word " and, " and before the Wordi " shall be " deemed," the Words " that the Continuance and

Preservation of the said United Church as the established Church of England and Ireland" by leaving out the Word " a" before the Word " fundamental," and inserting the Words " an elsential and" instead theredf; by leaving out the Word " Article" and inserting the Word " Part" instead thereof; by inserting, after the Word " that," and before the Words " the " Doctrine," the Words " in like Manner;" by leaving out the Word " and" before the Word " Discipline;" by leaving out the Word " likewise" and inserting the Words " remain and" instead thereof, by inserting, after the Word " as," and before the Word " now," the Words " the same are;" by inserting, after the Word " now," the Word " efLiblished ;" by leaving out the Words " Act of" and inserting the Words " Acts for " the" instead thereof; and by leaving out the Words " established for the Church of Scotland," and inserting the Words " of the Two Kingdoms of England and " Scotland" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended. That it be the Fifth Article of Union, That the Churches of England and Ireland, as now by Law established, be united into One Protestant Episcopal Church, to be called " The United Church of England and and

that the Doctrine, Worship, Discipline, and Government, of the said United Church, shall be, and shall remain in full Force for ever, as the same are now by Law established for the Church of England, and that the Continuance and Preservation of the said United Church, as the established Church of England and Ireland, shall be deemed and taken to be an elsential and fundamental Part of the Union; and that, in like Manner, the Doctrine, Worship, Discipline, and Government, of the Church of Scotland, shall remain and be

by Law, and Kingdoms of

preserved as the same are now established by the Acts for the Union of the Two England and Scotland.

«L>

The Sixth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Resolution be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, J^r *

'{Mr. Hob house:

f Mr.

Tellers for the Noes, d Mr. Bouverie of New Viii.

19.

Sarum

So it passed in the Negative.

Then several Amendments were proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by inserting, after the Words " Schedules N°I. A. and B." the Words " or to such " other countervailing Duties as shall hereafter be imposed by the Parliament of the United Kingdom, in the Manner herein after provided;" by inserting, after the Words " Importation into either Country," the Words " from the other;" by inserting, after the Words " Cotton Yarn and Cotton Twist shall," the Words " on their Importation into either Country from the " other;" by inserting, after the Words " payable upon " the fame," the Words " on the Importation thereof " from Great Britain into Ireland and by leaving out the Word " Kingdom" after the Words " Manufacture of " either," and inserting the Word " Country" instead thereof.,

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended. That it be the Sixth Article of Union, That His Majesty's Subjects of Great Britain and Ireland shall, from and after the First Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and One, be entitled to the same Privileges, and be on the same Footing as to Encouragements and Bounties on the like Articles, being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of either Kingdom respectivelyj and generally in respect of Trade and Navigation in all Ports and Places in the United Kingdom and its Dependencies: And that in all Treaties made by His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with any Foreign Power, His Majesty's Subjects of Ireland shall have the same Privileges, and be on the same Footing, as His Majesty's Subjects of Great Britain: That, from the First Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and One, all Prohibitions and Bounties on the Export of Articles the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of either Country to the other, shall cease and determine, and that the said Articles shall thenceforth be exported from one Country to the other without Duty or Bounty on such Export: That all Articles, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of either Kingdom (not herein after enumerated as subject to specific Duties) shall from thenceforth be imported into each Country from the other free from Duty, other than such countervailing Duty as shall be annexed to the several Articles contained in the Schedules N° I. A. and B. or to such other countervailing Duties as shall hereafter be imposed by the Parliament of the United Kingdom, in the Manner herein after provided; and that, for the Period of Twenty Years from the Union, the Articles herein after enumerated shall be subject, on Importation into each Country from the other, to the Duties specified in the Schedule N° II. or to such other countervailing Duties as shall hereafter be imposed by the Parliament of the United Kingdom, in the Manner herein after provided, annexed to this Article; viz.

Apparel,

Brass, wrought.

Cabinet Ware,

Coaches and other Carriage

w

Copper,

4o Geo. lit. 5 Mali:

47 *

Copper, wrought',

Cottons, other thah Callicoes and Mullins,

Glass,

Haberdashery,

Hats,

Tin Plates, Wrought Iron; and Hardware,

Lace, Gold and Silver; Gold and Silver Thread, Bullion for Lace, Pearl and Spangles,

Millinery,

Paper, fliained.

Pottery,

Sadlery,

Silk Manufacture,

Stockings.

And the Woollen Manufactures, known by the Names of the Old and New Drapery, shall pay, on Importation into each Country, the Dutiesnow payable on Importation into Ireland; Salt and Hops, on Importation into Ireland)Duties not exceeding those which are now

paid in Ireland; and Coals on Importation shall be subject to Burthens not exceeding those to which they are nowsubjedt: That Callicoes and Mullins shall, on their Importation into either Country from the other, be subject and liable to the Duties now payable on the same on the Importation thereof from Great Britain into Ireland, until the Fifth Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and Eight, and from and after the said Day, the said Duties shall be annually reduced by equal Proportions as near as may be in each Year, so as that the said Duties shall stand at Ten per , from

and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and Sixteen, until the Fifth Day of January which shall be in the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Twenty-one; and that Cotton Yarn and Cotton Twifl shall, on their Importation into either Country from the other, also be subject and liable to the Duties now payable upon the same on the Importation thereof from Great Britain into Ireland, until the Fifth Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and Eight; and from and after the said Day the said Duties shall be annually reduced by equal Proportions as near as may be in each Year, so as that all Duties shall cease on the said Articles from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and Sixteen: That any Articles of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of either Country, which are, or may be, subject to internal Duty, or to Duty on the Materials of which they are composed, may be made subject on their Importation into each Country respectively from the other, to such countervailing Duty as shall appear to bejuft and reasonable in respect to such internal Duty or Duties on the Materials; and that, for the said Purposes, the Articles specified in the said Schedule, N° I. shall, upon Importation into , be subject to the Duty let forth therein, liable to be taken off, diminished, or increased, in the Manner herein spe-cilied; and that, upon the Export of the like Articles from each Country to the other respectively, a Drawback shall be given equal in Amount to the countervailing Duty payable on the Articles hereinbefore specified on the Import into the same Country from the other; and that in like Manner, in future, it shall be competent to the United Parliament to impose any new or additional countervailing Duties, or to take off, or diminish,.-such existing countervailing Duties as may appear, on like Principles, to be just and reasonable, in respect of any future or additional internal Duty on any Article of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of either Country, or of any new or additional Duty on any Materials of which such Article may be composed, or of any Abatement of the same; and that, when any such new or additional countervailing Duty shall be so imposed, on the Import of any Article into either Country from the other, a Drawback, equal in Amount to such countervailing Duty, shall be given in like Manner on the Export of every such Article respectively from the same Country to the other: That all Articles, the Vol.

(Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of either Country, when exported through the other, shall, in all Cales, b^ exported, subject to the same Charges as if they had been exported directly from the Country of which they were the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture: That all Duty^ charged on the Import of Foreign or Colonial Goods into either Country, shall, on their Export to the other, be either drawn back, or the Amount, if any be retained, shall be placed to the Credit of the Country to which they shall be so exported, so long as the General Expences of the Empire shall be defrayed by proportional Contributions; provided nothing herein shall extend to take away any Duty, Bounty, or Prohibition, which exists with respect to Corn, Meal, Malt, Flour, land Biscuit; but that the same may be regulated, varied, or repealed, from Time to Time, as the United Parliament shall deem expedient.

SCHEDULE, N» I.

Of the Articles to be charged with countervailing Duties upon Importation from Ireland into Great Britain, and from Great Britain into , respectively, according to the Sixth Article of Union. - .

A. B.

On Importation into Great On Importation into Britain from Ireland. from Britain.

Beer,

Bricks and Tiles,

Candles,

Chocolate, Cocoa Paste, and Cocoa,

Cordage,

Cyder and Perry,

Glass,

Hops,

Leather,

Mead and Metheglin, Paper and Books,

Paper, stained.

Printed Goods,

Salt,

Silk,

Soap,

Spirits,

Starch and Hair Powder, Sugar refined.

Sweets *

Tobacco,

Verjuice and Vinegar, Wire.

Beer,

Glass,

Leather,

Paper, stained, Paper,

Silk,

Spirits,

Sugar refined.

Sweets,

Tobacco.

SCHEDULE, N° II.

Of the Articles charged with the Duties specified upon Importation into Britain and Ireland respectively, according to the Sixth Article of Union.

Apparel,

Brass, wrought.

Cabinet Ware,

Coaches and other Carriages *

Copper, wrought.

Cottons, except Callicoes and Mullins,

Glass,

Haberdashery,

Hats,

Tin Plates, Wrought Iron, and Hardware,

, Lace, Gold and Silver; Gold and Silver Thread, Bullion for Lace, Pearl and Spangles,

Millinery,

Paper, stained.

Pottery,

Sadlery and other Manufactured Leather *

Silk Manufacture,

Stockings.

"The

3

2

3

o

ft

e

QJ

K

Resolution rt-

specting the Union with Ireland — can , timed.

47 *

Mali.

A. 1800.

ftefoluiions reJ| cting the Union with Ireland- <& tumid.

The Seventh Resolution of the read a Second Tfime;

Several Amendments were proposed to be made thereto, by inserting, after the Word " and, " and before the Words " the Sinking Fund," the Word " with ;" by leaving out, after the Word " Reduction," the Word " thereof," and inserting the Words " of the said Debt" instead thereof; by leaving out the Word " Kingdom

Committee being Year: That the Proportion of Contribution to which Great Britain and Ireland, will by these Articles be liable, shall be raised by such Taxes in each Country respectively as the Parliament of the United Kingdom shall from Time to Time deem fit: Provided always, That in regulating the Taxes in each Country, by which their respective Proportions shall be levied, no Article in Ireland shall be liable to be taxed to any new or additional Duty

after the Words " Taxes in each," and inserting the by which the whole Amount of Duty payable thereon Wofd " Country" instead thereof; by inserting, after would be raised to an Amount exceeding that which will the Words " liable to be taxed to any," the Words be thereafter payable in England on the like Article: " new or additional Duty by which the whole Amount That if, at the End of any Year, any Surplus shall acof Duty payable thereon would be raised to an;" by crue from the Revenues of , after defraying the

leaving out the Word " Kingdom" after the Words Interest, Sinking Fund, and proportional Contribution, " fixed for each," and inserting the Word " Country" and separate Charges to which the said Country is liable, instead thereof j by leaving out the Word " Kingdom" either Taxes shall be taken off to the Amount of such after the Words " Contribution in One," and inserting Surplus, or the Surplus shall be applied by the United the Word " Country" instead thereof; by leaving out Parliament to local Purposes in , or to make good

the Word "Kingdom" after the Words "separate any Deficiency which may arile in her Revenues in Time " Debt of each," and inserting the Word " Country" in- of Peace, or be inverted by the Commissioners of the rtead thereof; by inserting, after the Word " fame" National Debt of Ireland in the Funds, to accumulate and before the Words " of the Sinking Fund," the for the Benefit of Ireland at Compound Interest, in ease Word " andand by leaving out the Word " King- of her Contribution in Time of War, provided the Surplus so to accumulate shall at no future Period be suffered to exceed the Sum of Five Millions: That all Monies to be raised after the Union by Loan in Peace or War, for the Service of the United Kingdom, by the Parliament thereof, shall be considered to be a Joint Debt, and the Charges thereof shall be borne by the

" dom" after the Words " Contributions of each," and inserting the Word " Country" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended, That it be

the Seventh Article of Union, That the Charge arising respective Countries in the Proportion of their respective from the Payment of the Interest, and the Sinking Fund Contributions; provided that, if at any Time, in raising for the Reduction of the Principal, of the Debt incur- their respective Contributions hereby fixed for each red in either Kingdom before the Union, shall continue Country, the Parliament of the United Kingdom shall to be separately defrayed by Great Britain and Ireland judge it fit to raise a greater Proportion of such respectrespectively,. except as herein after provided: That, for tive Contributions in one Country within the Year than the Space bf Twenty Years after the Union shall take in the other, or to set apart a greater Proportion of Sink-Place, the Contribution of Great Britain and Ireland re- ing Fund for the Liquidation of the Whole or any Part spectively towards the Expenditure of the United King- of the Loan raised on Account of the one Country, than dom, in each Year, shall be defrayed in the Proportion of that raised on Account of the other Country, then of Fifteen Parts for Great Britain, and Two Parts for such Part of the said Loan, for the Liquidation of which Ireland: That, at the Expiration of the said Twenty different Provisions have been made for the respective Years, the future Expenditure of the United kingdom Countries, shall be kept distinct, and shall be borne by (other than the Interest and Charges of the Debt to each separately, and only that Part of the said Loan be which either Country shall be separately liable) shall be deemed joint and common, for the Reduction of which

defrayed in such Proportion as the United Parliament shall deem just and reasonable, upon a Comparison of the real Value of the Exports and Imports of the respective Countries, upon an Average of the Three Years

the respective Countries shall have made Provision in the Proportion of their respective Contributions: That if at any future Day the separate Debt of each Country respectively shall have been liquidated, or the Values

next preceding the Period of Rev ifion; or, on a Com- of their respective Debts (estimated according to the parilon of the Value of the Quantities of the following Amount of the Interest and Annuities atttending the Articles confirmed within the respective Countries, on a fame, and of the Sinking Fund applicable to the Re-similar Average: videlicet; Beer, Spirits, Sugar, Wine, duction thereof, and the Period within which the whole Tea, Tobacco, and Malt; or, according to the aggregate Capital of such Debt shall appear to be redeemable by Proportion relulting from both these Considerations com- such Sinking Fund) shall be to each other in the same bined; or, on a Comparison of the Amount of Income Proportion with the respective Contributions of each in each Country, estimated from the Produce, for the Country respectively, or where the Amount by which same Period, of a General Tax (if such shall have been the Value of the larger of such Debts shall vary from impelled) on the same Descriptions of Income in both such Proportion shall not exceed One Hundredth Part

'Countries; and that the Parliament of the United Kingdom shall afterwards proceed in like Manner to revise and fix. the said Proportions, according to the same Rules, or.-any of them, at Periods not more distant than TiVehty Years, nor less than Seven Years, from each other, unless previous 'so any such Period the United Parliament shall have declared, as herein after provided, that the General Expences of the Empire shall be de

of the said Value, and if it shall appear to the United Parliament, that the respective Circumstances of the Two Countries will thenceforth admit of their contributing indiscriminately, by equal Taxes imposed on the same Articles in each, to the future General Expence of the United Kingdom, it shall be competent to the said United Parliament to declare, that all future Expence thenceforth to be incurred, together with the Interest

frayed indiscriminately by equal Taxes imposed on the and Charges of all Joint Debts contracted previous to likp Articles in both Countries: That, for the defraying such Declaration, shall be so defrayed indiscriminately, the said Etfpetlces according to the Rules above laid by equal Taxes imposed on the same Articles in each down, the Revenues of Ireland shall hereafter constitute Country, and thenceforth from Time to Time, as Cir-a Consolidated Fund, which shall be charged in the cumstances may require, to impose and apply such Taxes First Instance with the Interest of her Debt, and with the accordingly; subject only to such particular Exemptions Sinking Fund applicable to the Reduction of the said or Abatements in , and that Part of Great Britain

Debt; and the Remainder shall be applied towards de- called , as Circumstances may appear from Time

fraying the Proportion of the General Expence of the to Time to demand: That, from the Period of such United Kingdom, to which Ireland maybe liable in each Declaration, it shall no longer be necessary to regulate 4- the

Address thereupon.

v

40 Geo. III. 50 Mali. 473

the Contribution of the Two Countries towards the future General Expences, according to any specific Proportion, or according to any of the Rules hereinbefore prescribed; provided never!heless, that the Interest or Charges which may remain on Account of any Part of the separate Debt with which either Country is chargeable, and which shall not be liquidated or consolidated proportionably as above, shall, until extinguished, continue to be defrayed by separate Taxes in each Country: That a Sum, not less than the Sum which has been granted by the Parliament of Ireland, on the Average of the last Six Years, as Premiums for the internal Encouragement of Agriculture or Manufactures, or for the maintaining Institutions for pious and charitable Purposes, shall be applied, for the Period of Twenty Years after the Union, to such local Purposes in Irelanin such Manner as the Parliament of the United Kingdom shall direct: That, from and after the First Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and One, ail Public Revenue arising from the Territorial Dependencies of the United Kingdom, shall be applied to the General Expenditure of the Empire, In the Proportions of the respective Contributions of the Two Countries.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an Address be presented to His Majesty, humbly begging Leave to acquaint His Majesty, that, in Conformity to His Majesty's Gracious Message, laying before us the Resolutions of the Lords and Commons of Ireland, we have proceeded to resume the Confederation of the great and important Subject of a'Legislative Union between Great Britain and Ireland: That it is with un-fpcakable Satisfaction we have observed the Conformity of the said Resolutions to those Principles which we humbly submitted to His Majesty in the last Session of Parliament, as calculated to form the Balls of such a Settlement: That, with the few Alterations and Additions which we have found it necessary so suggest, we consider these Resolutions as fit to form Articles of Union between Great Britain and and if those

Alterations and Additions shall be approved by the Two Houses of the Parliament of , we are ready to

confirm and ratify these Articles, in order that the same may be established for ever by the mutual Consent of both Parliaments.

That we offer to His Majesty our humble Congratulations upon the near Prospect of the Accomplishment of a Work, which His Majesty, as the Common Father of His People, has justly declared to be so near His Heart, concurring with His Houses of Parliament in

Ireland, on the full Conviction that, by incorporating the . Legislatures, and consolidating the Resources of the Two Kingdoms, we shall increase the Power and Stability of the British Empire, and, at the same Time, contribute in

the most effectual Manner to the Improvement of the Commerce, the Security of the Religion, and the Preservation of the Liberties, of His Majesty's Subjects in Ireland.

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon j

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned till Thursday Morning next;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That an Address be presented to His Majesty, humbly begging Leave to acquaint His Majesty, that, in Conformity to His Majesty's Gracious Message, laying before us the Resolutions of the Lords and Commons of Ireland., we have proceeded to resume the Consideration of the great and important Subject of a Le-giflative Union between Great Britain and Ireland: That it is with unspeakable Satisfaction we have observed the Conformity of the said Resolutions to those Principles which we humbly submitted to His Majesty in the last Session of Parliament, as calculated to form the Balls VoL. 55.

of such a Settlement: That, with the few Alterations and Additions which we have found it necessary to suggest, we consider these Resolutions as fit to form Articles of Union between Great Britain and Ireland-, and if those Alterations and Additions shall be approved by the Two Houses of the Parliament of , we are

ready to confirm and ratify these Articles, in order that the same may be established for ever by the mutual Consent of both Parliaments.

That we offer to His Majesty our humble Congratulations upon the near Prospect of the Accomplishment of a Work which His Majesty, as the Common Father of His People, has justly declared to be so near His Heart, concurring with His Houses of Parliament in Ireland, on the full Conviction that, by incorporating the Legislatures, and consolidating the Resources of the Two Kingdoms, we shall increase the Power and Stability of the British Empire, and at the same Time contribute, in the most effectual Manner, to the Improvement of the Commerce, the Security of the Religion, and the Preservation of the Libfrties, of His Majesty's Subjects in Ireland.

Ordered, That a Committeee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Resolution.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary , Mr. the Lord Hawkesbury, Mr. Steele, the Earl Temple, M . Douglas, Lord Viscount BMr. Mr.

Wallace, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Roje, Mr. Long, the Lord Arden, the( Master of the Rolls, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Nepean, or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw, immediately, into the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty's rqoft Gracious Message to this House, of the 2d Day of April last, and also the Resolutions and Address of the Two Houses of the Parliament of Ireland, together with the Resolutions of this House of Friday last, and this Day, respecting an Union between the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported from the Committee appointed to draw up an Address to be presented to His Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House -, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons,

in Parliament assembled, humbly beg Leave to acquaint Your Majesty that, in Conformity to Your Majesty's Gracious Message, laying before us the Resolutions of the Lords and Commons of Ireland, we have proceeded to resume the Consideration of the great and important Subject of a Legislative Union between Great Britain and Ireland -, and it is with unspeakable Satisfaction we have observed the Conformity of the said Resolutions to those Principles which we humbly submitted to Your Majesty in the last Session of Parliament, as calculated to form the Basis of such a Settlement.

With the few Alterations and Additions which we have found it necessary to suggest, we consider these Resolutions as fit to form Articles of Union between Great Britain and Ireland -, and if those Alterations and Additions shall be approved by the Two Houses of the Parliament of Ireland, we are ready to confirm and ratify these Articles, in order that the same may be established for ever by the mutual Consent of both Parliaments.

We offer to Your Majesty our humble Congratulations upon the near Prospect of the Accomplishment of 6 E a Work

Comnvttf'f! appointed to draw up Address.

Address reported, and agreed to.

4 74 5 M^.1800.

a Work which Your Majesty, as the Common Father of Your People, has justly declared to be so near Your Heart; concurring, as we do, with Your Houses of Parliament in Ireland, in the full Conviction that, by incorporating the Legislatures, and consolidating the Resources of the Two Kingdoms, we shall increase the Power and Stability of the Empire; and shall,

at the same Time, contribute in the most effectual Manner to the Improvement of the Commerce, the Security of the Religion, and the Preservation of the Liberties of Your Majesty's Subjects in Ireland.

The said Address, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

R«fetation ' Ordered', That the said Address, and the Resolutions

amt Aii.tftisto of this House of Friday last, and this Day, respecting

be commnni. tt i i J r' , r J,

cited to I he an Union between the Kingdoms of Great Britain and

Luids- Ireland, be communicated to the Lords at a Conference, and their Concurrence desired thereto.

Conference ife- Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords,

‘ respecting the Means of improving and perpetuating the

Connection between Great Britain and and of

augmenting and consolidating the Strength, Power, and ' Resources, of the British Empire.

Ordered, That the Earl Temple do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

Mi TVxien's A Petition of Thomas Foden, of the City of Pcutton. Chymist, and Cotton Manufacturer, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner has, after several Years Application, and great Labour and Study, and at a very considerable Expence, discovered a Chrystaline Size and Paste, made from Mineral Substances, as a Substitute, mixed with a Proportion of Vegetable Substance, for Wheat Flour, in all Purposes of Manufacture, and for which he has obtained His Majesty's Letters Patent; and that the Petitioner has Submitted the said Discovery to the Manufacturers and Printers of the County of Lan- easter, who appointed a Committee of the principal Manufacturers of Cotton Goods to investigate the fame, and to whom the Petitioner disclosed the Ingredients of the said Chrystaline Size and Paste, in Consequence whereof the said Gentlemen prepared the Ingredients for making ' the fame, and found the like Effects produced as was

done by that prepared by the Petitioner, and in their Report the said Manufacturers and Printers declared it as their unanimous Opinion, after a most careful and at- tentive Investigation of the Properties of the said Size and Paste, that, from the Excellence, simple Process in the Preparation, and comparative Cheapness of the Articles, they will be preferred to Flour and Starch; and that the Use of the same will not only lessen the Consumption of Wheat, but will be found infinitely preferable to the common Preparation of Paste, and will be highly beneficial to the Weaver, Printer, and every other Manufacturer, concerned in the Branch; and that, in the various Processes of the Linen Manufactures of this Country, as well as in the Cotton, a very large Quantity of Wheat Flour is made use of, which will be saved by the Use of the Chrystaline Size and Paste: The Petitioner conceives also, that, if his Discovery shall be made as available to the Public as it may be, it will also prevent the very great Consumption of Wheat Flour now used in making Starch, and for other Purposes; and that the Petitioner, anxious to save the great Consumption of Wheat Flour, at all Times, in the various Manufactures before mentioned, particularly at this Period, is willing to relinquish all Right and Title to the Interest he now has in the said Discovery, on receiving such Rc-compenccand Reward for the heavy Expences he has incurred, and the Time and Labour he has bellowed, as

the House shall think just and proper: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioner such Recompence and Reward as (b useful and important a Discovery shall appear to merit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Scotch Small resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bllt'de upon the Bill to amend, and make perpetual, an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more easy and " expeditious Recovery of Small Debts, and determining " Small Causes arising out of Personal Contraft or Obligation, in that Part of Great Britain called

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Militia offi. refove itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting certain Allowances to Adjutants, deferred., Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants of Militia, disembodied, under an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for enabling His Majesty to accept the Services of an additional Number of Volunteers from the

Militia, under certain Restrictions

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Hop Du;I« resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bill, deferred, upon the Bill for suspending the Duties on Hops imported into Great Britain, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee oa resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to K‘ng' Mef-consider further of His Majesty's most Gracious Message an^UnioT «Tth of the 2d Day of April last, communicating to this Ireland, deler-House the Resolutions of the Lords and Commons of red‘

Ireland respecting an Union between the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, with their Address to His Majesty thereupon;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee to whom Nottingham the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and en- R'^dsB li,

cp w # or 1 iHi

larging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Thirty- 1 second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Chapel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Ncv haven, and from the Four Lane Ends near Oakerthorpe, to Ashhorne, and from the Cross

Post on Wirkfworth Moor to join the Road leading from Chesterfield to Chapel-en-le-Frith, at or near Lcngston, in the County of Derby, and from Seiji on to Wood *

house, in the County of Nottingham, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Ingrossed.

And than the House adjourned till To-mojrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

u.

CaTmeton In cloture Bill, pi dented.

Petition of Inhabitants of

St. Pancras, Pancras Paving. &ic, J1. 6

<4t. Mary in

Stafford ln-cloi'urc Bill, committed.

Poringland, &c. Incloi'ure, Bill, committed.

40 Geo. III. 6° Mail. 475

Martis, 6° die Mali;

Anno 40° Georgii III. U Regis, 1800. Prayers.

MR. John Fane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain 1 Lands, and Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Caffington, in the County of , and in the Hamlet

of Worton, otherwise Workton, within the said Parish:

And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Churchwardens and other Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read j Taking Notice of the Bill for cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise improving and keeping in Repair, such Parts of certain Streets, called Gower Upper Gower

Street, Francis Street, Thornhaugh , and Upper

haugh Street, and the Public Passages and Places adjoining

thereto, as are formed and made upon certain Pieces or Plots of Ground belonging to the most Noble Francis Duke of Bedford', within the Parish of in the Coun-

ty of Middtefexy and for forming, paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise improving and keeping in Repair, the Streets, Squares, and other Public Passages and Places, which are and shall be made upon certain other Pieces or Plots of Ground, in the said Parish of Saint Pancras, belonging to the said cis Duke of Bedford; and Setting forth. That certain Clauses are contained in the said Bill, which (if passed into a Law) would materially affect the Petitioners and the rest of the Parishioners of the said Parish: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill (as it now stands) patting into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by them-lelves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is Committed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Common Fields and Waste Lands, within or adjoining the Parish of Saint Mary, in Stafford, in the County of Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Granville Leveson Gower, Sir Edward Littleton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds in the Parishcsof East Poringland, West Poringland, Framingham Earl, Framingham Pigot, Bixley, Armeringhall, Stoke Holy Cross, and

Saint Edmund, in the County of Norfolk-, and for making a Compensation for the Tythes arising in the said Pa-riflie? of East Poringland, Framingham Earl, and Bixley, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Aflley, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Vol. 55.

A Petition of the fjiere-undersigned Innkeepers and Publicans of the Town and Neighbourhood of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the Losses which the Petitioners alledge they sustain from the Quartering of Horse and Foot Soldiers, on Account of the High Price of Hay and Straw, and the Dearness of every Article of House-keeping; and praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Journeymen Cotton Weavers, in the several Counties of Ckefler, York, Lancaster, and Derby j and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Matter Manufacturers or Cotton Weavers, in the several Counties of York, and

Lancaster, were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and, that the House might be better enabled more fully to understand the Circumstances of the Cafe, the Committee had directed him to report specially the Minutes of the Evidence taken before them; and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Petitions were referred.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Powers of the Directors and Guardians of the Poor, within the several Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, in that Part of Great Britain called England, incorporated by divers Acts of Parliament, for the Purpose of the better Maintenance and Employment of the Poor, as to the Assessments to be made upon the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, therein mentioned, for a Time to be limited, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enlarge the Powers of the Directors and Guardians of the Poor within the several Hundreds, Towns, and Districts in that Part of Great Britain called England, incorporated by divers Acts of Parliament for the Purpose of the better Maintenance and Employment of the Poor, as to the Assessments to be made upon the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, therein mentioned, until the First Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and Two.

Ordered, That Mr. Buxton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of Ripon, by Ingram Bank, to the Town of Pate-ley Bridge, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of Ripon, by Ingram Bank, to the Town of Pateley Bridge, in the county of.

Ordered, That Sir James Graham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill

Petition of Innkeepers, &c.

Petitions of Cotton Weavers, reported and re-committed.

Poor Incorporation Bill, passed.

Ripon Roadt Bill, passed *

47 6° Ma i8co.

Asylum Chari- A Bill for establishing and well governing the chari-miucd Com' table Insti tut ion, commonly called or House of Refuge for the Reception of Orphan Girls, the Settlements of whose Parents cannot be found; and for incorporating the Subscribers thereto, and for the better empowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful Designs, was read a Second Time;.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

force, Mr. Maturing, &rc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Rwfey, &c. Mr. Charles Yorke reported from the Committee, to rejwtcA B l1' whom the Bill for amending and making' more effectual an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for embanking, draining, and preserving, certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon, and in the Parishes of Doddington, March, , Wimblington, and Chat-

teris, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of and for amending the Road from a certain Bridge, in the Parish of Chatteris aforesaid, called Carter's Bridge, by a Drain called Vermuydens, or Thu Forty Feet Drain, to a Bridge called The Forty Feet , in the said Parish of Ratrfey, as far as relates to embanking the Lands therein described, called by the Name of The Upper DiJlriSlor Division, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 14 Acres a Roods and 24 Perches, who refused to sign the Bill; and also except the Owners of 18 Acres 3 Roods and 19 Perches, whq could not be met with; and that the Whole of the Lands to be affected by the Bill consists of 4,353 Acres 3 Roods and 19 Perches; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the R.eport in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Life Annuities Mr. Erskine presented to the House, according to Or-

BiiJ, presented. ^er, a Bill for further regulating Life Annuities, and for Relief of the Grantees of Life Annuities in certain Cafes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Sevennight, the 16th Day of this Instant May.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Cat iron anrf Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to fn^Tofure Bill w^om Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the reported. ' Open Common Fields, Ings, Marshes, Common, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Carlton, in the Parish of and the

Manor and Township of Camblesforth, in the Parish of Dr ax, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates afiefled to the Land Tax at £.9. ijs. 2^.f, and also the Owners of Estates afiefled at 16. 195. $d.i, who were neuter; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is afiefled to

the Land Tax at £. 186. 11 s.id; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to ThoUhorpe, whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, with-in the Townships of Tholthorpe and Flawish, in the Parish of Alne, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second'

Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Owen Williams presented to the House, accord- WhitfoiA tn-ing to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Lands and Marshes, in the Parish of Whit-ford, in the County of Flint, and for fencing the said Marshes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com- Yfceifing, fee. mon Lands, in the Parishes of Yfceifing and Nannerch, committed! 1 in the County of Flint, and in the Manor of in the said Parish of Nannerch, in the County of Denbigh, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Williams Wynn, Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, &c.: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Charles Yorke reported from the Committee, to Bill for better whom the Bill for better regulating the Price and Assize the

of Blead, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Breaii.put off the Bakers residing in the City of Canterbury, and also for 3 Months, the Petition of the Bakers resident in the City and Suburbs of Winchester, and Places adjoining, in the County of Southampton, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Three Months.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, 2s shall be sufficient for the Use of die Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Bill for further Consideration the Report from the Committee ?fSalat, on of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and iB.:J<;.rc~Corn"

amend

40'Geo. III. 6° Mau.

477'

amend an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation of Mills," was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Select Committee.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Charles Yorke, the Lord Hawk, Mr. John , Mr. Buxton, Sir Edmund Cradock Mr. Bankes, Mr.

Wilberforce, Mr. Vaiifittart, Mr. , Mr. Baker, and all

the Knights for Shires: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Innkeepers Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill, patted. Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for increasing the

Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers, be now ijead.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

ReportIxpir- Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, appointed

ing Laws. esquire what Public General Laws have expired with-

in Twelve Months preceding the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament; and also, what Laws are about to expire within Twelve Months subsequent to the Commencement of the present Session, or in the Course of the next Session, or at the End thereof, and to report the fame, from Time to Time, to the House, with their Opinion which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual; and to whom the Report which, upon the izth Day of May 1796, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to inspect and consider all the Temporary Laws of a Public Nature, expired or expiring, was referred; That the Committee had made a further Progress, and had come to several other Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to amend, and render more effectual, the fe-" veral Laws, now in Force, for encouraging the Fisheries " carried on at Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, from " Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in " Europe, and for granting Bounties, for a limited Time,

" on certain Terms and Conditions," as relates to the Bounties thereby granted, which was to continue in Force for the Term of Ten Years, from the ill Day of 1787, and which was revived, and further continued, by Two Acts, made in the Thirty-seventh and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, until the ill Day of January 1801, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's " Streights," which was to be in Force for Five Years from the 25th Day of December 1786, and also so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further

VOL. 55.

" encouraging and regulating the Newfoundland, land, and Southern Whale Fisheries," as relates to the

Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, which, by an Act made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, were amend- , ed, and continued until the 25th Day of December 1798, and which were by Two other Acts, made in the Thirty-eighth and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued until the 25th Day of December 1800, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Oi dered. That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the ferred. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " relieve, upon Conditions, and under Restrictions, the Persons therein described, from certain Penalties and " Disabilities to which Papists, or Persons professing the " Popish Religion, are by Law subject;"

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, the 16th Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee o«-a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Report which was made from the Select Committee L»nd«. appointed to consider of the most effectual Means of facilitating, under the Authority of Parliament, the Inclosureand Improvement of the Waste, uninclosed, and Unproductive Lands, Commons, Common Arable Fields,

Common Meadows, and Common of Pasture, in this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Goodfr^ayf upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better Observance of Good Friday, in certain Cafes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table;

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. Bill, pafr«i.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Thornton do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

The Earl Temple reported to the House, That he had, Confcmic« according to Order, been with the Lords, to desire a h^'dar"i rt Conference; and that the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the fame, immediately, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to manage the said Conference.

4 F And

47 8 6° — 70 Maiu 1800;

Committee on Duke of Richmond's Agreement Bill.

Committee on Militia Officers Allowaacc Bill.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Secretary at War, the Earl Temple, Mr. Abbot, Mr. Buxton, Mr. Hawkins Browne, Mr. Shaw Mr. Williams

Wynn, Mr. Bragge, Mr. Sibthorp, Mr. Thornton, Mr.

Jolliffe, MV. Sturges, Mr. Pierrepont, Mr. Bernard, Mr. Henry Lafce/les, Mr. Long, Mr. Addington, Mr.

EUiJon, Mr. Tufton, Mr. Bryan Cooke.

Then the Names of the^ Managers were called over.

And they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

Mr. Secretary at War reported, That the Managers had been at the Conference, which was managed, on the Part of the Lords, by the Earl Spencer; and that they had communicated to their Lord ships the Resolutions of this House, together with their Address thereupon to His Majesty, and had left the same with their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to confirm an Agreement entered into between the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury and the most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury to contract with the most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond " for the absolute Purchase of the Property of the said Duke, and of all others interested in a certain Duty of " Twelve Pence per Chaldron on Coals shipped in the " River Tyne, to be consumed in England, and to grant " a Compensation for the fame, by Way of Annuity,

payable out of the Consolidated Fund," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting certain Allowances to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants of Militia, dif-embodied, under an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to accept " the Services of an additional Number of Volunteers from the Militia, under certain Restrictions," be now read.

for increasing the Tolls thereby granted, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to- take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon the 26th Day of March last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794,

The Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to, by the House j and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Huddersfield Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Hudders-field Canal Company to finish and complete the Huddersfield Canal, and for amending the Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Huddersfield Canal, was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn- Hackney ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Coaches, &c.

U f njii 4

upon the Bill for repealing the Rates and Fares taken by ' Licensed Hackney Coachmen, and for establishing other Rates and Fares in lieu thereof; and for explaining and amending several Laws relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- eotchSmal ing, resolve itself linto a Committee of the whole defore 11' House, upon the Bill to amend, and make perpetual, an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more " easy and expeditious Recovery of Small Debts, and " determining Small Causes arising out of Personal Contract or Obligation, in that Part of Great Britain " called Scotland."

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they, had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Drarne and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Dot Canal further Confederation the Report which was made from Bill, further the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Dearne contj ere. an(j Dove Canal Company to finish and complete the said Canal, and the several Collateral Cuts branching therefrom; and for explaining, amending, and enlarging, the Powers of an Act, pasted in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and

Mercurii, J die Man;

Anno 40" Georgii IIItH Regis, 1800.

Prayers.

MR. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to SvwnfeaBHdge whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and al- B,11> reP rt<d» tering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, pasted in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for building a Bridge across " the River Tawey, at a Place called The Tree,

" in the Parish of Lanfamletl, to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Llangevelach, in the County of G/amorgan, for making proper Avenues or Roads to and " from the said Bridge, and also for repairing and widening the Road from Pentre Brook, near a Place " called Aberdwyberthy, in the Parish of Saint John's,

" near Swansea, to the said intended Bridge," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

and

Ovington Inclosure Bill, passed.

Berwick Paving BilJj'passed.

Wrwvby In-« cioiure Bill, sported.

Pigot's Lottery Petition, reported.

40 Geo. III. 70 Mali.

47 9

and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Open Fields, Commons, Commonable Wood Grounds, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Open Fields, Commons, Commonable Wood Grounds, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ovington, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Afiley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for lighting the Streets and Lanes, of the Borough of Berwick upon Tweed, and the Quays and Wharfs belonging to the said Borough, and that Part of the Bridge over the River Tweed which lies within the Liberties of the said Borough, and also erf the Street of Cajllegate, within the said Borough, or the Liberties thereof, and for paving the Footpaths of the principal Streets of the said Borough, and of gate aforesaid, and for preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for lighting the Streets and Lanes of the Borough of Berwick upon Tweed, and the Quays and Wharfs belonging to the said Borough, and that Part of the Bridge over the River Tweed which lies within the Liberties of the said Borough, and also the Street of Caf legate, within the said Borough, or the Liberties thereof, and for paving the Footpaths of the Streets of the said Borough, and of Cajllegate aforesaid, and for preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

Ordered, That Sir John Callander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Tyner reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, Moors, Carrs, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish Of Wratvby-cum-Brigg, in the County of Lincoln, wa. % committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclol'ure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time. One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord Granville Leveson Gower reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir George Bigot, of PatJJiull, in the County of Stafford, Baronet, in Be-

Vol. 55.

half of himself and others; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of . the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, it appeared by the Will of the late Lord Bigot, (which was produced to Your Committee) That upon the Death of Lord Bigot, the Diamond, mentioned in the Petition; became the Joint Property of Sir Robert Bigot, the Pe-tioner's Father, of Admiral Pigot, and of his Sifter Margaret Fisher, and, on the Death of Sir Robert Bigot± and Admiral Bigot, the said Diamond became the Joint Property of Sir George Bigot, Baronet, Margaret Fisher, and Frances Bigot, the late Admiral's Widow: Then,

Mr. Thomas Jefferys, a Jeweller, having been Thirty-six Years in the Business, being called in, informed Your Committee, That he had examined the said Diamond; and said, that he had never seen such a Diamond, uniting the Four Qualities of Weight, Size, Water, and Brilliancy, and thinks it to be well worth, and cheap; from Twenty-five to Thirty Thousand Pounds: And,

Mr. James Watson, a Jeweller, having been Forty Years in the Business, being then called in and examined, confirmed Mr. Jefferys's Evidence, as to the Value of the said Diamond, and added. That he had never seen such a fine Diamond, and that he made but little Doubt, that it cost from Twenty-five to Thirty Thousand Pounds in India, in its rough State.

Mr. Philip Gilbert, a Jeweller, who has been Sixteen Years in the Business, confirmed the above Evidence; and the said several Witnesses added, That, on Account of the immense Value of the Diamond, it was improbable to expect, that the same would or could have been purchased by any Individual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable Sir George Pigot, Baronet, Margaret Fisher, and Frances Pigot, to dispose of a Diamond by Lottery;

And that Lord Granville Leveson Gower and Mr;

Monckton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition of thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Shares in the shamfagain# Leominster Canal Navigation, was preferred to the Leominster House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to enable CaMl BilI/ the Company of Proprietors of the Leominffer Canal Navigation to finifti and complete the same, and to pay their Debts, and for altering and amending Two Acts, passed for making and maintaining the said Navigation; and Setting forth. That the said Bill contains a Provision for compelling the Proprietors to advance such further Sums, by Way of per Cent age, on their present Shares, as shall be sufficient to discharge the Debts con-trafted by the Committee, to whom the Management of the Concern has been hitherto entrusted, and which Debts, or a considerable Part thereof, they the said Committee contrafted, as the Petitioners conceive, illegally, and without the Authority of either of the former Acts referred to in the said Bill, and without the'

Knowledge and Consent of the Petitioners, and have, as the Petitioners are informed and believe, given their own personal Security for the Discharge thereof; and that the said Bill also contains a Clause for appointing Commissioners to ascertain whether Persons whom it is intended to bring Actions against for compelling the Payment of such further Calls, are of sufficient Ability, in Point of Property or Estate, to pay such Calls, a Provision which, the Petitioners conceive, is highly injurious and oppressive; and that the said Bill also contains several other Clauses and Provisions highly injurious tb the Rights and Interests of the Petitioners as Proprietors in the said Navigation: And therrforfe praying, That they rpay be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, as they deem it injurious

Nottingham Road Bill, ptfled *

London Carta Petition, reported#

480 70 Mail.A.\ % qo.

to them, and that the said Bill. may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, qgaipft the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the: Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Chapel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Newhaven, and from the Four Lane Ends, near to

horne, and from the Cross Post on IVirksworth Moor to join the Road leading from Chesterfield to Chapel-en-le-Frith, at or near Longfton, in the County of Derby, and from Selfton to Annejley IVrodh in the County of Not-

tingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: Anil that the Title be. An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Chapel Bar, i>ear the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Newhaven, and from the Four Lane Ends, near Oakerthorpe, to Ashbornr, and from the Cross Post. on IVirksworth Mopr to join the Road leading from Chesterfield to Chapel-en-le-Frith, at or near Longfton, in the County of Derby, and from Selftori to Annejley, fVoodhouse, in the County of Nottingham-

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrences

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, apd Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred } That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him, to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read} and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, " An " Ad to explain and amend an Act, made in the " Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to " prevent the Misbehaviour of the Drivers of Carts in the Streets of London, Westminster, and the Limits of " the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and for other Purposes in this Act mentioned," was read; whereby it appeared, That the several Licensed Carts, in the City of London, are subject to certain Regulations made by the Magistrates of the said City, at their General Sessions of the Peace; And,

Mr. Thomas Day, being examined, said. That the Unlicensed Carts, worked in the said City, are not subject to the Provisions of the said Act; whereby great Inconveniencies and Injuries are occasioned, which would be, effectually removed, if the Unlicensed Carts were fub-jeded to Regulations in the same Manner as the said Licensed Carts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for extending the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Eighteenth and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to prevent the Misbehaviour erf the Drivers of Carts in the Streets in London, Westminster, and the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality: And that Sir John William Anderson and Mr. Alderman Curtis do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King James the First for the recovering of Small Debts, and for relieving the Poor Debtors in London Also, an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the said Act, were read: — And,

Mr. John Holmes, being examined, said, That the said Acts have been found to be defective and insufficient to answer the good Furpbfes thereby intended, and it is expedient that the Powers thereof should be explained, amended, and enlarged, and some further and other Provisions established for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the said City.

Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend, explain, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act for the recovering of Small " Debts, and for the relieving of Poor Debtors, in " London," and an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the above mentioned Act, and likewise for extending the Powers of the Court of Requests in the City of London, in and by the said Two several Acts continued and established: And that Sir John William Anderson and Mr. Alderman do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution Two several Acts, passed in the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London, near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill, and for raising, on the Credit of the Orphans Fund; a Sum of Money for those Purposes, and for explaining and amending the said Acts, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 6. , After the first " the " to insert Interest on the aforesaid Sum of " Sixty Thousand Pounds, until " redeemed in Manner herein after " mentioned, together with the."

Pr. 7. 1. 23. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " to " in 1. 24. and insert " from the 5th Day of July " last," instead thereof.

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution Two several Acts, passed in the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening and improving the

Entrance

London Smal Debts Petition reported.

Temple Bar

Improvement

Bill,

40 Geo. III. 7° Mali.

Entrance into the City of London, near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill, and for railing, on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, a Sum of Money for those Purposes, and for explaining and amending the said Acts.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Surrey Roads Mr. Sommers Cocks reported from the Committee, to

P<ned.n're wh°m the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for repairing several Roads, in the County of Surrey, thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House , and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act,

Eiffed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his te Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Sutton, in the County of Surrey, through the Borough of Reigate, by Sidlow Mill, to Povey Cross, and from Sutton aforesaid, through Cheam, and over Howell Hill, to Ewell, and also the Road i from Tadworth, by the Windmill, to the Bottom of

Pebble Hid, in the said County: — And also, an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term granted by the above Act, and for empowering the Trustees appointed by an Act of the Tenth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Surrey and Sufex, to make a Yearly Allowance to the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the Twenty-eighth of George the Second, and for taking certain Roads out of the Power of the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the Tenth of George the First, and putting them under the Direction of the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the Twenty-eighth of George the Second, and for repairing the Road from Povey Cross, in the County of Surrey, to the Oak, dividing the Counties of Surrey and Suf ex, and, also the Road from Woodhatch to Peteridge , in the County of Surrey, were read: And,

Ambrose Glover, Esquire, being examined, said, That a considerable Progress hath been made in repairing the said Roads, and a large Debt hath been contracted on the Credit of the said Acts: — And, the Witness further said. That the District of Roads under the Care of . the Petitioners being very extensive, and having of late been much worn and destroyed, the same cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, and the said Debt be discharged, unless the Term of the said Acts be continued, and the Powers thereof altered, amended, and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, palfed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Sutton, in the County of Surrey, through the Borough of Reigate, by Sidlow Mill, to Povey Cross, and from Sutton aforesaid, through Cheam, and over HowellHill, to Ewell, and also the Road from Tadworth, by the Windmill, to the Bottom of Pebble Hill, in the said County: And that Mr. Sommers Cocks and Mr. Charles Yorke do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Hampstead Poor Bill, reported *

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Sain John, in the County of Middlesex, was committed j That the Com-Yol. 55.

mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Tame: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of thenv agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing the AppHcation of a certain Compensation, where the same shall exceed Two Hundred Pounds.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing the Application of the like Compensation, where the same is not more than Two Hundred Pounds nor less than Twenty Pounds.

And the said Clause was Twice read j and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing the Application of the like Compensation, where the same shall be less than Twenty Pounds.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was made, by the House> to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The House was moved, That the Petition of Thomas Foden, of the City of Coventry, Chymist and Cotton Manufacturer, which was presented to the House upon Monday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. the Lord Hawkesbury, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account of the Net Produce of the Fees and Emoluments of the Clerk and Clerk Assistant attending this House, for the last Ten Years; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to " His Majesty certain additional Duties on Sugar imported and exported, and on Coffee exported; and for " reducing the Drawbacks now allowed on the Ex-x<portation of Sugar," as imposes Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House was moved. That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " enable the Commissioners of the Customs to allow, until the First Day of April One thousand Eight hundred, British Plantation Sugars to be warehoused -, to " revive so much of an Act, made in the Thirtysecond Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as " relates to the ascertaining the Average Price of Su- gar, and regulating the Allowance of Drawback on " the Exportation thereof; and for allowing, until the

6 G " Fifth

Mr. Foden's Petition referred to a Committee *

Account of Clerks Fees^ ordered.

Committee on Act respecting Duties on Sugar and Coffee.

jb Mail.

A' 1800.

Instruction.

The Lords have agreed to

Lyme Regis &c. i\oads Bill.

Bill respecting the Duties on Salt Petre.

Chvirch Lealcs Bill.

Richmond Bridge Calli Accounts, presented.

Committee on llaclcney Coaches, &c. Bill.

" Fifth Day of May One thousand Eight hundred, certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of the said Act.

Then the House relblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Young took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Young reported from the Committee That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of and Devon, leading to and through the Borough of Lyme Regis, and from the Turnpike Road on Uplyme to the Turn-pike Road at the Three AJlies, in the Parish of in the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for permitting " certain Goods imported from The East Indies to be " warehoused, and for repealing the Duties now payable " thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof," as relates to Salt Petre; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending several Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of King Henry the Eighth, and the First, Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as respects Leases granted by Archbishops, Bishops, Matters and Fellows of Colleges, Deans and Chapters of Cathedral and Collegiate Churches, Matters and Guardians of Hospitals, and others, having any Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Living or Promotion; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Smith (from the Commissioners of Richmond Bridge) attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Richmond Bridge Calli Account " 1798 :" And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Richmond Bridge Calli Account

" 1799-"

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perul'ed by the Members of the House.

The said Papers ^re preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Rates and Fares taken by Licensed Hackney Coachmen, and for establishing other Rates and Fares in lieu thereof; and for explaining and amending several Laws relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Jodrell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. "Jodrell reported from the Committee, 'That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Dukeof Ricfc-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to confirm an Agreement entered into between the Com- reported. missioners of His Majesty's Treasury and the most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the " Commissioners of the Treasury to contract with the " most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond for the absolute Purchase of the Property of the said Duke, and " of all others interested in a certain Duty of Twelve " Pence per Chaldron on Coals shipped in the Rivet " Tyne, to be consumed in England, and to grant a " Compensation for the fame, by Way of Annuity, payable out of the Consolidated Fund," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre, according to Order, reported from Reportrefpea-the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- «"g Waste ferred to consider of the Report which was made from Lands the Select Committee appointed to consider of the most effectual Means of facilitating, under the Authority of Parliament, the Inclosure and Improvement of the Waste, uninclosed, and Unproductive Lands, Commons, Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, and Common of Pasture, in this Kingdom, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, in order to promote the Cultivation and Improvement of the Waste, Unincloled, and Unproductive Lands, Commons, Common Arable Fields, Meadows, and Common of Pasture in this Kingdom, it may be expedient to adopt such Regulations as would diminish the Expence of inclosing and improving the same, under the Authority of Parliament.

Resolved;That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, in order to diminish the Expence of Bills of Inclosure, it may be expedient that Regulations should be adopted, by the Two Houses of Parliament, for the Admission of Affidavits, authenticated by the Certificate of One or more Magistrates, as sufficient Evidence of the Notices, the Consents, and the Allegations in the Preamble of such Bills, instead of the Parole Evidence now required, unless where the latter should appear at the Time to be necessary from particular Circumstances.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for the same Purpose, it may be expedient that a General Law should be passed, comprizing all such Provisions as by Experience have been found necessary in

most

V

4o Geo. III. 7 — 8

most Bills of Inclosure; to which act such Bills in future might refer.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in order to diminish other Expences incidental to Bills of Inclosure, it may be expedient, that Provision should be made in such General Law, for taxing the Charges of the Solicitor, regulating the Conduct of the Commissioners, and preventing any unnecessary Delay in parrying such Bills into Effect.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That in the same of smalllnclosures, not exceeding Three Hundred Acres, it may be expedient to provide, that such Bills should be considered, as to the Payment of Fees, only as Single Bills; and that those for the Inclosure of smaller Tracts of Land, not exceeding One Hundred Acres, should be subject only to the Payment of Half the Fees due on a Single Bill: The Admeasurement in both Cafes to be proved in the same Manner as is proposed by the Second Resolution regarding Notices and Confers.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

tilma Officers Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

iiowances Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for 1 »rep° granting certain Allowances to Adjutants, Serjeant Ma-

jors, and Serjeants of Militia, disembodied, under an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for enabling His Majesty to accept the Services of an - additional Number of Volunteers from the Militia, " under certain Restrictions," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-grofied.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House med, ' to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend, and make perpetual, an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more easy " and expeditious Recovery of Small Debts, and determining Small Causes arising out of Personal Contraft " or Obligation, in that Part of Great Britain called " Scotland," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

.'nmmittee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House o-mnt Bill. ref0ive into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to amend and make " more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to " Houses of Correction," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. Vot. 55.

‘Mali. 483

Ordered, That the Report be received To-n.orrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act p#wnet'?., for veiling the Estates of Penyflon Port lock 1 '

Esquire, deceased, situate in the County of Berks, in Trustees, to be sold for paying Incumbrances and Debts and for laying out the Surplus under the Directions of the Court of Chancery in the Purchase of other Estates, to be conveyed to the Trustees of the Will of the said Penyflon Portlock Powney, in lieu thereof, was read the Firil Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning ways and ' next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means, defer-to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the red *

Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- d fer *

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Mom- Committee on ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^epl|^tpi to consider of the Report which was made from the ferred. ' Committee appointed to enquire what Public General Laws have expired within Twelve Months preceding the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament; and also, what Laws are about to expire within Twelve Months subsequent to the Commencement of the present Session, or in the Course of the next Session, or at the End thereof, and to report the fame, from Time to Time, to the House, with their Opinion which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovisy 8° die Mail;

Anno 40° Georgii IIilil Regis, 1800.

Rr AYERS.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Ord i '

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire a present Conference with this The Lords d«-House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject e^CoBt r" Matter of the Conference on Tuesday last.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a Conference House agree to with the Lords, as is desired by their Lordships. a Conference-

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

Ordered, That the Managers who managed the late Conference do manage this Conference.

Ordered, That the Mailer of the Rolls, Mr. Charles Yorke, Lord Viscount Belgrave, Mr. Mr. John

Smyth, Mr. Wallace, and Mr. Elford, be added to the said Managers.

And the Names of the Managers were called over; and they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

The Mailer of the Rolls reported, That the Mana-gers had met the Lords at the Conference, which was managed, on the Part of the Lords, by the Duke of Portland; and that the Conference was to acquaint this House, that the Lords, having taken into their Consideration the Resolutions communicated to the Lords

by

8° Mail.

by this House at a Conference on Tuesday last, have agreed to the said Resolutions, with several Amendments, to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this Hdbfe; and, having also taken into their Consideration the Address communicated at the said Conference, have agreed to the fame, and filled up the Blank therein with (Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and).

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were Once read; and are as followeth; viz.

Fo. 3. I.12. I.13.

1.14.

1.17. 1.19.

1.20.

1. si *

Fo. 3.

1 I *

L 6.

and

7-

l.?.

1.11.

i. 12.

1.16.

1.17.

1.18.

Fo. 9. 1. 9. 1.11.

i. 24. Fo. 10. 1.16.

Leave out " there shall be' and insert " by reason of."

After " Temporal," insert "acomplete Election shall not be made " according to the true Intent " of this Article."

Leave out " such," and insert " those ;" and, in the same Line, leave out from " Peers" to " shall," in Line 15.

Leave out " Parliament" and insert " Parliaments."

After " Peer" insert "or Peers;" and, in the same Line, after " Name" insert " or Names." Leave out " Parliament" and insert " Parliaments."

After " Peer" insert " or Peers and, in the same Line, after " elected" insert " as the same " may be."

After " exclusive of" insert " all."

} Leave out " be Peers," and insert " hold any Peerage."

After " Britain" insert " subsisting " at the Time of the Union;" also in the same Line, after " or" insert " ofand also, in the same Line, after " Kingdom" insert " created since the Union, by " which such Peers shall be entitled to an Hereditary Seat in the House of Lords of the " United Kingdom."

Leave out " whenever" and insert " as often as."

Leave out " have failed" and insert " fail;" and, in the same Line, leave out " oj -rwife" and insert " as often as any One Peer of " that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, shall become entitled by Descent or " Creation to an Hereditary Seat " in the House of Lords of the " United Kingdom."

Leave out " exclusive."

Leave out " said."

After " One Hundred" insert " over " and above the Number of such " of the said Peers as shall be entitled by Descent or Creation " to an Hereditary Seat in the " House of Lords of the United " Kingdom."

After " Seats" insert " or Places." After " vacated" insert " at the " Option of such Members." Leave out " which are at present" and insert " and take and subscribe the Oath now."

Leave out " Spiritualalfo, in the same Line, after " Lords" insert " Spiritual;" also, in the lame

Fo. 11. 1. 8. Fo. 12. 1.19.

Fo. 13. 1. 8.

1.12.

1.13.

1.14.

1.18.

1.19.

1.21.

Fo. 14. 1.16.

1.17.

1.18.

1.19.

1.20. Fo. 13 1 2.

1. 3 1.15.

1.18.

1.19:

1.21. 1. 24.

1.25.

Fo. 16. 1. 5.

1.22.

1. 24. 1.26.

Fo. 17. L23

L13.

Fo. 18. 1. 11.

1800.

Line, leave out " England" and insert " Great Britain;" and also, in the same Line, leave out from " or" to " may" in Line 17. After " of insert " the."

Leave out " Kingdom" and insert Country."

Leave out " Kingdom" and insert " Country."

Leave out " Duty as shall be annexed to" and insert " Duties " on."

Leave out " contained" and insert " enumerated."

After " A and B" insert " hereunto annexed, as are therein spe " cified."

Leave out " herein after."

After " enumerated" insert " in the Schedule No. 2. hereunto " annexed."

After " the" insert " said;" and, in the same Line, leave out from " No. 2." to " and, " in Folio 14. Line 15.

Leave out " the."

After " Country" insert " from the " other."

After the Second " " insert

" from Great Britain"

Leave out " in" and insert " on " Importation into."

After " Importation" insert " into " Ireland from Great ." Leave out " which shall be in the " Year."

Leave out " also."

After " Respect" leave out " to," and insert " of."

- After " No. 1."insert " A and " B;" and, in the same Line, leave out from " shall ' to " be." Leave out " Duty" and insert " Duties."

Leave out " like" and insert " said." Leave out "the" and insert "such;" and, in the same Line, leave out " hereinbefore specified."

After " Import" insert " thereof." After " Abatement of" insert " Duty on."

Leave out " General Expences" and insert " Expenditure;" and, in the same Line, leave out " Empire," and insert " United " Kingdom."

After " Provided," insert " always " that."

Leave out " and" and insert " or;" and, in the same Line, leave out " the fame," and insert " all " Duties, Bounties, or Prohibi- tions on the said Articles."

In Schedule A. after " Silk," insert " Manufactures, Silk and Cotton " mixed Manufactures, and Silk " and Worsted mixed Manufactures."

In Schedule B. after " Silk," insert " Manufactures, Silk and Cotton " mixed Manufactures, and Silk " and Worsted mixed Manufactures."

Leave out " except" and insert " other than."

Fo. 18.

40 Geo. III.

8° M.

485

Fo. 1 8.I.16. Leave out "Lace;" and, in the same Line, after " Silver" insert " Lace."

Fo. 19. I-13- Leave out " United;" and, in the same Line, after " Parliament" insert < " of the United Kingdom."

Fo. to 1. 8. Leave out " United ;" and, in the same Line, after " Parliament" insert of the United Kingdom."

1. 9. Leave out " General Expences" and insert " Expenditure."

1.10. Leave out " Empire" and insert

" United Kingdom."

I. 13. Leave out " Expences" and insert " Expenditure."

1.17. Leave out " her" and insert " the;" and, in the same Line, after " Debt" insert " of Ireland."

1. 20. Leave out " General Expence" and insert " Expenditure."

1. 24. Leave out " by these Articles."

F 6.21. 1. 1. After be" insert "made;" and, in the same Line, leave out " to " be taxed."

1. 3. Leave out " be raised to an" and insert " exceed the."

1. 4. Leave out " exceeding that."

1.10. Leave out " is" and insert " shall

" then be;" and, in the same Line, leave out " either."

1. 12. Leave out " United ;" and, in the . fatne Line, after " Parliament" insert " of the United Kingdom."

Fo. 21. 1. 14. Leave out " her" and insert " the;" and, in the same Line, after " Revenues" insert " of " land."

1.18. Leave out " her" and insert " the;" also, in the same Line, after " Contribution" insert " of Ireland;" and also, in the same Line, after " Provided" insert " that."

Fo. 22. 1. 9. After " Provisions" insert " shall."

1. 18. After " or" insert " if."

1. 22. After " and" insert " to."

1.27. Leave out " where" and insert "if." Fo. 23. 1. 2. Leave out " United;" and, in the same Line, after " Parliament" insert " of the United Kingdom."

1 Leave out " General Expence" and

f; r_____1: >

ai^ insert " Expenditure.

1. 7. Leave out " said United;" and, in the same Line, after " Parliament" insert " of the United " Kingdom."

1.16. After " and" insert " in."

1.22. Leave out " General Expences" and insert " Expenditure of the " United Kingdom."

1. 27. Leave out is" and insert " shall " be."

Fo. 24. 1. 4. Leave out " the last;" and, in the same Line, leave out " as" and insert " immediately preceding " the Fit'll Day of in the

" Year One thousand Eight hundred, in."

1.14. After " arising" insert " to the United Kingdom."

1.15. Leave out from " Dependencies"

Vol. 35.

' to " applied" in Line 16, and

Ittfert " thereof and."

Fo. 24. I.17. Leave out "Empire" and infeit " United Kingdom shall be so " applied."

Fo. 25. I.10. After " only" insert " and that;" and, in the faille Line; leave out " Appeals" and insert u Appeal."

1.11. Leave out "to lie" dnd insert " shall be."

I.17. Leave out " this Resolution" and insert " these Articles."

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Tholthorpe the Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Tholthorpe and Flawith, in the ' ,paUe Parish of Alne, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, lngs, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Tholtliorpe and , in the Parish of Alne, in the North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry th Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Patten reported from the Committee, to whom Wrexham and the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the ®-jj^ Powers, of Two Acts, palfed in the Thirtieth Year of ported.^ the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of fVrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the County of Flint, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Stanley, from the Committee, to whom the Re- Committee ex

port was re-committed, which was made from the Com- Cotton" mittee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, Weavers, to whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Journey- "P°rJ Ev>-men Cotton Weavers, in the several Counties of Chester, c" 1 York, Lancaster, and Derby, and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Master Manufacturers or Cotton Weavers, in the several Counties of Chester, York, and Lancaster, were Referred, informed the House, That the Committee, from the Nature of the Evidence given on Behalf of the said Petitions, could not, without great Difficulty, prepare their Report in the usual Manner; and, in order that the House might be better enabled more fully to understand the Circumstances of the Cafe, they are desirous, with Leave of the House, to report the Minutes of the Evidence which; they have "taken.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to report the said Minutes of Evidence.

Mr. Stanley accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matters 6 H #f

Petition 1 ported *

486 8° Mali. . 1800.

of the salt! Petitions, and had directed him to report the Minutes of the Evidence which they have taken; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee have, pursuant to the Orders of the House, examined the Matters of the said Petitions} and have directed the Minutes of the Evidence, taken before them, to be reported, pursuant to Leave granted by the House; viz.

Feneris, 180 die Aprilis 1800.

Minutes of Kviilence on Petitions of the Cotton Wc tvers of Che Her, See.

James Hoi croft. Weaver, at , in Lancafiire;

Called in, and Examined.

How long have you been in the Trade?

About 14 Years.

' Can you speak of the Wages paid in 1792?

The general Wages paid for Velvcrets were about 24/. the Web, of Yards: that was the Average.

Was that the general Length?

We made more of that Length than any other: they were on the Average Yards.

What was the Average Lefigth of Pieces and Wages paid in 1793?

I cannot speak to the Wages in 1793, only in this Cafe: I got Work of Mr. Green; the Trade being then bad, he gave 16 s. for what was in general paid 24 for in 1792. I worked that Work until he had reduced it to gs.

Can you speak to that being the general Price paid by others i n the Trade?

I cannot speak as to others.

What was the Length of the Pieces, and Wages paid in 1794?

I cannot speak as to 1794 or 1795. In 1796 I worked at Sprig Muslinets; I received then 36 for about 55 Yards.

Was that the Number of Yards which that Description of Work was made of in former Years?

I cannot say. In 1797 I worked at Quiltings — 2 s. 8 d. per Yard for Sattins, and 2 3 d. I received

without Sattins.

What was the Length of Velvere ts in 1 97, and the Wages paid?

The Length was increased to 50 Yards in general, and the Wages were generally 16 the Web. In 1799 the Lengths were increased to 58 and 60 Yards, and the Wages decreased to iu. I know it by going into different Workshops.

Did you work with your own Looms; or those which were provided for you?

Sometimes, Quiltings I worked with Looms provided — Velvcrets with my own.

When Looms were provided for you, was there any Abatement made in Consequence?

When I (poke of 1 r. 6 d. per Yard, it was what was paid at the Warehouse; and 1 always received a certain Proportion, deducing 6 d. for providing the Loom and Draw-Boy who afiilts the Weaver.

What Effect had the Lengthening the Webs from Yards to 60, between 1792 and 1799, upon the Wages paid?

No more, but less Wages paid, notwithstanding the increased Lengths.

Had it any EfTecft upon the Quality of the Workman-ship?

In strong Goods it is extremely difficult to work the latter End of the Piece of the fame'Goodnels as the Firffc; add to that, it makes it harder, particularly for weak Constitutions.

Did it occasion any additional Labour to the Workmen with respect to the Drefiing?

Not with respect to Drefiing, except as to tho Length.

How much per Week, clear Gain, at the present Rate of Wages, can a good Workman earn on Velveteens and Velvcrets, Wffking 14 Hours a Day?

About 6 s. per Week clear, deducting Two Hours

for Meals.

In ascertaining the clear Gain, what Deductions do you make from the Gross Wages?

In the FirstCafe, if I receive 11 s. for weaving a Vel-veret Piece, I have to pay the Bobbin Winder for winding 18 lbs. of West, at about 1 I d. per lb.; I have to buy Candles to enable me to work the Hours, to find Flour for dressing, to find Looms, and -every Utensil, and what remains is Net Money.

In working Mullins, at the present Rate of Wages, what can you earn?

Some can get more, and some less — but, upon the Average, 1 os. per Week, clear.

How many Yards of Velveret can a good Workman manufacture in a Day?

He mull work very' close to work Six Yards, One Day with another.

Are the Wages paid by the Yard, or by the Piece?

By the Piece.

What Description of Work did you do in 1.798?

Quiltings.

Were the same Wages paid in that Year as in the preceding?

They were reduced at different Periods in that Year; but I cannot speak precisely to the Reduction.

What did you receive in 1798?

I cannot recoiled: Wages fluctuating so much, as not to charge my Memory with the precise Difference.

In the Year 1799 what Work was you employed in?

Quiltings.

What Wages did you receive in that Year?

For the same Work which I received 2 3 d. for, I

had only 1 s. 6d.

Was there, between 1792 and 1799, any Improvement in Machinery,-by which you could do the same Work in less Time?

None.

Do any Disputes happen between the Mailers and Men, respecting the Quality of the Work?

They do frequently; and likewise with respect to any Damps or Stains that may happen to the Work.

Are any Deductions made by the Mailer for these Damages?

He claims, the Right to deduct what he thinks the Amount of the Damages.

How are these Disputes settled?

It very frequently happens, that the Workmen are in such a Situation in respect to their Mailer, that they are obliged to submit to his Decision.

Does it ever happen that less Wages are paid for the Work when done than was contracted for?

It frequently happens, that the Mailer will give out a Web of a certain Length, containing perhaps Four or Five Pieces; he will agree, when you take this Web out, that you shall have a certain Price; he may, perhaps, give it you for the First Piece, and for the Remainder will abate you a certain Proportion.

What

40 Geo. III.

What Remedy have you, in those Cafes, been accustomed to resort to?

The Remedy People apply to in such Cases is to a Magistrate; but they are often in such a Situation, that they dare not have Recourse to this Method, for Fear of being turned out of Employ, which may perhaps be of great Disadvantage to them and their Families.

What creates the Neceflaty of submitting to the De-' cifion of your Matters, when Disputes happen between you and them?

A Person may be employed in working a Kind of Work, when to change to another, neither his Time or his Circumstances would, perhaps, permit; and, in some Cafes, the Manufacturers are in the Habits of lending to their Men a certain Sum of Money to purchase Uten-liis. In such a Ca;e, not having the Money to repay, and the Utensils perhaps thrown on their Hands useless, they chute rather to submit to their Decision, than to run the Ritk of their Displeasure.

When you are employed in new Work, how much Time is sometimes lott in preparing for it?

Some Sorts you may begin in One Day, some Two, and in others, perhaps, a Week, or Ten Days.

Is any Expence occasioned to the Workmen in the Purchase of Materials or Utensils for such new Work?

The Workmen generally pay the whole Expence of such Utensils.

Is it upon an Average of the whole Year that you clear 6 s. per Week?

It is upon the Average generally; and generally Utensils are considered, but not in some particular Cafes. When I say a Person can get 6 s. Week at strong Goods, I mean to make good Loss of Time, Utensils, &c. relating to the Work.

What has been the utmost Expence incurred by the Workmen, in any Inttance within your Knowledge, to begin a new Pattern?

In beginning the Sprig Muslinets, the Expence has been £. io. to the Workmen.

In making your Estimate of the clear Gain, do you

deduct what is paid for these Materials?

When I lay ioj. clear, I allude to the present Prices; and that if £. io. be expended on Utensils for new Work, at the present Prices, the £. io. mutt go

out of the Weekly Earnings.

Upon what Grounds will the Matter give a less Price for the remaining Piece than he does for the First?

If I take a Quilting Warp or Web of Five Pieces, the Matter will agree, when I take this Warp out, that 1 shall receive ij. 6 cl.per Yard; he will pay, perhaps, for the First Piece the Price agreed on; when the Second Piece is taken Home, he will abate the Wages or 3 per Yard, saying that the Markets are so bad that he cannot afford to give more.

Is this a same that happens often?

It is not common with the great Body of Matter Weavers; in particular Cafes, there are Men who will 'take these Advantages.

What Prices have been given for V verets this Year?

They are higher this Year than the last; they are 145. 6 d.for 60 Yards; but in general they are not so long.

When Pieces -are made of an extraordinary Length, are they not frequently cut into Two, and sold as such?

They very often are.

Is the Workman paid, when Pieces are of extraordinary Length, as One, or Two, Pieces?

For One Piece. w. Voe. 55.

487

Do you mean to say, that you would receive no higher ^Iv'l^c,e°5n -Wages for weaving a Piece of 66 Yards, than y ju would Petitions of for weaving a Piece of Yards, in every Respect, of the ,he Cotlon _

r 3 1 Weavers of

fame Quality r chester, &c. —

I should receive more, but that depends upon the continud. Matters; for some are in the Habits of increasing their Pieces, and paying the Workmen no more.

If a Piece of Velveret was to contain 17lbs. of Cotton to the 50 Yards, is not the Price so the Workman, for weaving and spinning, £. 1. 14.;.?

I know of no Calc where that is paid; but whether it may be paid for the superior Sort, I cannot tell.

Withdrew.

Luna 2i° die Aprilis 1800.

Mr. Edward Carli/le, Wholesale Haberdasher, Bow,

Cheapside,

Called in, and Examined.

Do you deal in Manchester Goods?

Yes; all Sorts of small Wares, such as Tapes,

Bobbins, &c.

Do you buy those Goods by the Piece?

By the Dozen and the Gross.

When- you order the Dozen or the Gross, are you aware of the Quantity you buy?

Not positively.

Do you considerthis as a Grievance?

Yes; for Want of a regular Standard.

In complying with the Order ybu give at stated Prices, is any Regard paid by the Manufacturer )'ou deal with, to the Quality of the Article, or to the

Lengths?

I conceive to both; because there are Three or Four different Degrees of Articles.

Would it obviate the Objection, that the Pieces flaould run of specific Length?

I think it would.

What Inconvenience arises to your Trade, if the Prices are different for the different Lengths or Qualities?

Because the Short Lengths may be sold for the same Price as the Long Lengths.

Do the Pieces which you call the " Long Lengths" run of different Lengths?

Yes, they do.

Is it the same with what you call the " Short Lengths ?"

It is.

Does the Manufacturer charge you, or do you charge your Customers, the same Price for the Short Lengths as you do for the Long ones, supposing them of equal Quality?

I have been charged so repeatedly by the Manufacturers; and I have charged so to my Customers.

Is it not universally the Cafe, that you are charged by the Manufacturer the same Prices for the Short Lengths, however they may vary?

No; I conceive he shortens the Length according to the Price that is offered. ft

Withdrew.

James Ho/cro/t,

Again called in, and Examined.

Are not Velverets made of different Qualities?

Yes; the Evidence I before gave had only Relation to common Velverets; there are made Chain-back Velverets, and also Velverets of a superior Quality, but what are paid for them I cannot tell.

Do

8° Maii.

4ss

8° Ma

A. i8oq.

Mlnnfw of Evi lci;ce on Petitions ot tly; Cotton Weavers of C.hr Iter, &c. —

CCKiiflUtJ,

Do not those who make their Pieces fongeft, generally pay kfs Wages than those who manufacture the shorter Lengths?

Yes.

Do those who manufacture the short Pieces, generally make and sell the best Quality of Goods?

Yes.

Do they pay the best Prices?

Molt generally they do.

Would the making of Pieces of thorter Lengths than they are at present made, be attended with any, and what, Advantage to the Parties concerned, or to the Manufacture?

In the First Place, the Weaver would make better Goods with more Ease, and the Public would be served with Goods of abetter Quality; and, to use the Words of a Mr: Rycroft, an eminent Manufacturer in , it would be attended with a mutual Advantage to both Parties — with respect to the Weavers, by having a more frequent Return of Money, they would be kept from buying their Provisions, &c. from Shops, and although the Manufacturers had more frequently Money to pay to the Weavers, they would have a more frequent Return of Goods for the Market.

By your being prevented from buying at Shops, do you mean to say that you at present buy at a Disadvantage?

Yes.

Are the Disputes between Masters and Men respecting the Breaches of Contract of the Masters, in paying lets Wages than they had agreed upon, of a Nature to be settled, to the Satisfaction of both Parties, by Magistrates?

No; because they, in general, -are not competent Judges of the Nature of the Dispute, with respect to Damage done to the Work, in which same it must be referred to Manufacturers, or some other Persons who undeistand it.

What renders it unintelligible to the Magistrates?

Because they in general do not understand the Manufacture.

Supposing such Disputes not cognizable before the Magistrates, but in the ordinary Courts of Justice, why not appeal to the latter?

I have already stated, that 6 s. upon some Kinds of Work, and io s.upon others, clear Money, is what the Workman can get by working One Week, so that we have not Money to go to Law with our Masters', when any Dispute ariles.

Are the great Body of Manufacturers delirous of lengthening Pieces or reducing of Wages?

I believe they are not; but that they are compelled to this Practice by those who do it.

Do you know that the Numbers are so considerable who reduce their Wages, and lengthen their Pieces, that it can have any considerable Effect upon the Manufacture in general?

i believe they are, and so great as to affect those who are better disposed.

What induced you to fix upon the Year 1792, as the Standard for regulating the Price of Weaving?

All I understood from that, was to thew to the 1 Committee the Reduction that had taken place from that Period to this.

Do not you know, that in 1792 Wages were raised beyond any former Period, and tar beyond the Average of any Number of preceding Years ? .

I believe there were far greater Wages given before 1792, than during that Year, or fmcc.

9

What occasioned that extraordinary Rife in 1792?

I know of none in 1792.

Do not you know that the Manufacturers of Sail Cloth in Warrington, and of Woollen Goods on the Borders of York/liire, and adjoining to Lancajliire, have

very much declined, in consequence of the Cotton Manufacturers extending into those Situations?

I cannot answer from my own Knowledge.

Has the Population of the Town and Neighbourhood of Bolton increased; and are you not convinced, that if the Wages had been ascertained or confirmed by Law at the extravagant Rate of 1792, or Years preceding, that the Trade of the County would have been destroyed, or removed to some other Situation?

Since I have known the Neighbourhood, which is Five Years only, the Population has decreased, owing to the Army and other Circumstances. I believe, on Account of higher Wages being given for a certain Description of Goods at Mancliester, it has taken Workmen there. I am very well convinced, that to rate Wages at any extravagant Price, must be highly injurious to the Manufacture, and endanger its total Ruin.

Do you not know that the- Wages of Labourers in Husbandry have been advanced within these few Years?

I believe they have.

Have not the Wages of Mechanics of all Descriptions, such as Carpenters, Bricklayers, &c. advanced very much, and are now uncommonly high, far beyond the Wages of 1792, and that in these Trades there is a Scarcity of Workmen?

I cannot speak to that Point.

Would not a new Regulation put the good and bad Workmen upon the same Footing?

I think it would not; because the Wages might be j-cgulated according to the Quality, or by the Number of Shoots in One Inch, which would leave the Masters at Liberty to manufacture Goods according to the Market they fold Goods to; so that if Weavers could not manufacture Goods of superior Quality, they might be employed in the inferior Quality, always paying by the Shoots in One Inch, with an Addition for the Fineness of the Reel.

Is it the Wilh of the Weavers, by any proposed Regulation, that a Manufacturer should be obliged by Law to give equal Wages to a bad Workman and a good one?

It is not.

Would it not, under such a Law, happen that, in many Cafes, the inferior Weavers would be altogether unemployed, as the Manufacturer would be precluded from employing them at a Price adequate to their Labour?

The Answer I have given to a former Question will shew that the Manufacturer will be at Liberty to manufacture what Kind of Goods he thinks proper, provided he pays according to the regulated Price; for 'Instance, if a Manufacturer willies to put 200 Shoots in One Inch, another willies to put 400, each would pay in Proportion to the Quality of the Goods he orders, and all Manufacturers would pay the same Price for the same Quality of Goods, which cannot possibly injure any Manufacturer, but be a Means of uniting them and the Workmen more together.

Can any Laws be devised more forcible for producing Justice to the Weavers, than those at present in Existence?

I believe there may, if a Clause could be inserted in a Bill to be passed into a Law respecting Arbitration;

I think it would answer the Purpose of both Manufacturers and Weavers better than any Law I know on the Subject, because each Party would then be at Liberty

to

40 Geo. III. 8° Mail. 489

to chuse each an Arbitrator, Men who understand the Nature of the Manufacture.

Does it occur to you to be preferable for any other Reason?

According to the Nature of the Clause, each Party would beat Liberty to compel the other to Justice.

Would the Expence of such a Remedy be within the Reach of the Weavers?

1 believe it would.

You have said, that when Goods are of equal Quality, the Weaver is paid in proportion to the Length; how then can you state the Difference of Length to be an Injustice to the Weaver?

In that same it cannot be an Injustice to the Weaver, any further than the Increase of Length makes it more laborious to the Workman.

Have the Houses in ' increased since you have

known it?

They have since 1796, when I first went there.

Is it the Wish of the Weavers to have any Standard Price, or not?

We wish for no particular Wages, but what may be fixed upon mutually between the Manufacturers and Workmen, or by the Quarter Sessions.

Is it not regulated at present by the Manufacturers and Workmen?

No; we wish to be regulated similar to the Silk Manufacturers.

Where did you work previous to 1796?

At Leigh and Louden.

Are the Wages higher at Bolton than at Leigh?

Yes; better Work is done at Bolton.

Do you not know that the Wages of Labourers of all Sorts vary in different Parts of the Counties of Lan-

cashire and Cheshire?

I believe they do.

Are there any Instances of a higher Price being paid for the Weaving of a Second or Third Piece than for the First, and of a higher Price being paid than was agreed upon when the Work was delivered?

I know of none, but I believe there are.

Withdrew.

Martis, 22° die Apr ills 1800.

Did you work at the same Kind of Work in 1795?

Yes; then we were raised 2 s.

Was the Length and Quality of the Work the same?

Yes; we began upon coloured Muffins about ter.&c. — Christmas 1795, or Beginning of 1796. tmued.

What Wages did you receive for that Description of Work?

Two Guineas and a Half for weaving only.

Had you the same Wages for the same Work in 1796?

Yes.

Had you the same in 1797, and was the Length of the Pieces the same?

In 1797 they were lengthened 5 Yards, and 2 less Wages. We gave over that Sort in 1797, and then began Quiltings.

Whaf Wages did you receive for Quiltings ?'

is. 8d. per Yard.

Did you work at Quiltings in 1798?

Yes.

Did you receive the same Wages?

No; we were kept being reduced regularly 2 d. per Yard; and now we are working them at

Do you mean being reduced regularly, from that Year to the present Time?

Yes.

On taking Home your Work, has it ever happened to you to be paid less Wages than your Matter had contracted to pay you?

Yes; I recollect when I took Home that Cross-over Piece in 1793, I was to have Three Guineas for it; and when I took it in, I was either to take 50J. for it, or go without Work.

Is that the only Instance?

No.

How many Instances happened to you, or come within your Knowledge?

Two or Three of that Sort happened to myself.

What Remedy had you in such Cases?

We have.no Remedy, except to apply to a Magistrate.

Did you in these Cafes apply to a Magistrate?

No, I never applied.

Minutes of Evidence cm Petitions of the Cotton Weaver nf f'hpf-

John Settlet Weaver, at Bolton, in Lancashire;

Called in, and Examined.

Can you recollect what Wages you received in 179a?

Yes; I received £<.3. 3 s. for weaving and spinning Muslinet Croffover, per Piece — 44 or 46 Yards, or thereabouts, in a Piece.

Did you receive any greater Wages in any former Year?

Yes; I received £. 4. in or about 1791.

Did you work upon the same Work in the Year 1793

I did; I received £. 3. 3 j. in that Year; but in a particular Instance was reduced to 50 in the same Year, though the Length and Quality were the fame. In 1794 I began with flowered Muslinets.

Do you know, of your own Knowledge, in that Year what was paid for the Wages of the same Kind of Work at which you worked in 1793?

I did not work on them myself.

What Wages did you receive for flowered Muslinets in 1794?

36r. for 50 Yards, for weaving only.

VOL. 55.

Why did you not?

I was not in Circumstances to apply to a Magistrate; I wanted my Money as soon as I had done my Work.

When your Wages were reduced below what your Master had contracted to pay you, was any, and what, Reason given for the Reduction?

Yes; sometimes they laid it to the War, and Sometimes to the Badness of the Market.

Did you Submit to the Reduction?

Yes, generally.

Is the increasing the Length of Pieces any, and what. Disadvantage to the Workman and Work?

Yes; it is both a Disadvantage to the Men and the Work. In the First Place, a weak Man cannot make so good Cloth at the End of the Piece as he can at the Beginning; and it is often the Cafe, that the Workman wants Money before he has done those long Pieces.

Have the Wages been increased in Proportion to the increased Length of the Work?

No; they have decreased when paid for by the Piece.

6 I How

A. 1800.

1

490 8° Mail.

Minutes of Fvitlcuce on Petitions of the Cotton Wearers of Chester, See. — cot1-tinued.

How much a Week clear Gain cab a Workman earn, at the present Rate of Wages, on that Sort of Work by which most Money is to be gained?

I cannot get above 10s. a Week for Mullins. I work mostly on Mullins. I am weaving them at present. I have not done them long.

What Description of Work is the least Wages got by, in the Cotton Trade?

By llrong Goods.

You have said you have not worked long upon Muf-lins, can you iay how long?

I have not done them above Twelve Months.

Do those who make their Pieces longest, in general, pay greater or less Wages than those who make the shorteft Pieces?

No, in general they who make the shorteft Pieces

make the belt Goods.

Which pay the greatest Price?

Those who make the short Goods pay the bell Wages in general.

Does the short or long Piece occasion the most Work to the Workman, and which of the Two take up the greatest Time in working?

The long Piece will take up more Time than the short Piece, and occasion more Labour.

Supposing the Web to be of the same Quality, do you mean to say that the short Piece will be better Work than the long?

Yes, it will be better Work than the latter End of

the long.

A printed Paper was produced to Your Committee, and read as follows:

" Bol January 23d, 1799. We the Undersigned having sustained many Losses by employing Work People who make a Practice of embezzling and keeping Warps, Wests, &c. on various Pretences, do hereby engage to enter in a Book, kept for the Purpose, the Names, Places of Abode, and Offences, cf i'uch Defaulters as come within our Notice. This Bock to be constantly open to the Inspection of those, and those only, who subscribe this Engagement.

John Turner^ Thomas Fogg,

Naylors and Co. James Carlile,

James and Robert Darbi- , Tipping, and

Jl'-ire, Co.

John Pilkington and Co. Pitt Hewitt,

Taylor, Hindle, and Co. Robert Bolton,

Thomas Rycroft,

James Diggles,

Fisher, Mangnall, and

Co.

James Heelis,

Rushton and Smethurst,

J. and A. Fletcher,

William Cooke,

Thomas Wingfield,

Booth and Heywood,

Dixon and Greenhalgh,

T. Slater and Co.

Jofieph Bourn,

William Slater,

J. and D. Makinson,

Jofieph Grif dale,

Ellis Sweet love,

W. and H. Grey,

Richard Hafilam,

William Grundy,

Edziard Befi,

James H.siam,

James Dean,

Thomas Mofoogp,

Rudge and Stanton,

Jofieph Befi,

William Taylor,

Hilton Lever,

Barns and Gardner,

Smith, Wilkins, and Ash-burn,

Joseph Trevitt,

William Afipinwall,

B. and M. Taylor,

W. Wright,

Benjamin Wraith,

Bozvkcr and Crompton,

John Wcjod, Ridgway Street, John Wood, Taylor s Brow, James Robinfien,

Thomas Smith,

Thomas and John Smith, John Brandreth,

Crook and Sixfimith,

James Morris,

James Fowler, Junior,

Thomas Rothwell."

" At a Meeting of Manufacturers associated to prevent their Work People from keeping and embezzling Warps, West, &c. held at the Bridge Inn in Bolton, on Thursiday the 31st January 1799 i

.John Pilkingtofi, in the Chair;

Resolved unanimously,

That a Committee of the following Gentlemen be appointed to conduct this Business, any Three of whom shall be competent to act.

John Turner,

Robert Darbifshire,

Richard Marfiden,

James Diggles,

John Mangnall,

James Heelis,

Thomas Rycroft,

Henry Horrocks,

Thomas Dixon,

Adam Fletcher,

That Mr. John Turner be appointed Treasurer.

That a Subscription be entered into, immediately, to defray the Expence of carrying the above Resolutions into Effect.

That a General Meeting of the Subscribers be held at this House on the First Thursiday in every Month, at Six in the Evening, to receive the Reports of the Committee.

John Pilkington, Chairman."

Thomas Ainsworth, Thomas Fogg, James Carlile,

John Makinsion, William Slater, John Taylor,

John Heywooc William Cooke, Jofieph Heywood, John Smith.

Do youJtnow any of the above Persons?

Yes, many of them.

Did any of the Persons whose Names appear in that Paper ever acknowledge to you that they were Members of that Association?

Yes, they did.

What was the professed Object of that Association?

For flopping the Embezzlement of Wrarps, Wests,

&c.

Did you ever hear, from any Member of that Association, in what Manner those whom they suspected of embezzling West, were to be punished by them?

They agreed to put their Names and their Places of Abode in a Book.

Had that Book any particular Name?

Yes j they called it " The Black Book."

What was the _ Effect of being entered in the Black Book?

They could not get Work without a Recommendation.

Were any of those who were Members of that Association, in the Habit of purchasing West from those who were suspected of embezzling it?

Yes; a Manufacturer told me, that another Manufacturer had nearly bought a Thousand Pounds worth in One Year.

Were both those Manufacturers Members of that Association?

Yes.

Were thdy in the Habit of issuing Tickets to the Character of Workmen?

Yes; I saw a Man who got Work by a Ticket [Ticket produced and read as follows :]

" The Bearer Jofi.Lomax, wove for Us some Time " since, and he then wove Light Work in a " Workmanlike Manner.

" \$\.\i March 1779. " and Co."

Were

t

4o Geo. III. 8° Mail

491

Were those Tickets issued at the Request of the Workman, or of the Matter to whom he applied for the Work?

The Matter.

Was the Book that you call " The Black Book,' open to the Inspection of the Trade generally, or only to those who were Members of that Ail'ociation?

A Manufacturer whole Name does not appear in the Paper delivered in, told me he had the Liberty of inspeding that Book.

Do you know whether there are any Members belonging to that Afibciation whole Names do not appear in that Paper?

Yes; a Person told ine he was a Subscriber, whose Name is not there.

Can you say whether that Manufacturer, who said he had the Liberty to inspect the Black Book, was not a Member of the Ail'ociation, although his Name does not appear upon the Paper produced?

He laid he was a Subscriber.

[The er Chronicle of 23d February 1799,

containing a Copy of the before mentioned Association, was produced and read.]

Did not the Demand for Goods between 1792 and 1793, decrease?

I do not know.

Have not Wages fluctuated very much at different Periods since 1793, to the present Time?

All the Alterations with me have been a Reduction, except in One Instance, where it was raised One Penny per Yard.

What Expence would it cost you to apply to a Magistrate?

The Expence would not have been so great, but I could not afford to lie out of my Money.

What would the Expence be?

My Lois of Time would be an Expence.

Do not the Matters advance Money to the Men before the Work is finished?

I have received it.

Do you not consider that as a Grievance?

Yes; because if it was a short Piece, I should not be under the Necessity of borrowing Money of my Matter.

Does not the different Price given at different Periods Minutes of as you state, from 2 s.8d. to is. yd. on Quiltings, fully compensate that Inconvenience ? Cotton Wea-

the Masterfinds the Utensils in the same of Quiltings, vers of chef-

ter, &c. — con

Is it the usual Practice ? ttmud.

In general it is in those Articles.

Do not the Generality of Manufacturers act on One of the Two following Plans with regard to Wages, and which are well known to the Weavers; viz. Some give their Weavers the same Price for the whole Web or Warp, containing Two or more Pieces, that it was delivered at, whether the Price of Weaving should rife or fall during the working of that Warp; others advance or fall their Prices for the Work in Hand, on a certain Day, of which Notice is given; in both Cafes, the Weavers receive as often more or less Wages?

1 never had more that I recoiled; I have been reduced.

Do you mean to say, that you never received the full Price for the whole Web, although the Price had fallen in the mean Time?

I have both been reduced, and have received it.

Do you mean to say, you have received the Price that was con traded for, although the Market had fallen?

Ido.

Did you ever hear of any other Reasons than the War, and the Badness of the Market, for the Reduction of Wages below the Sum contracted for?

I have heard great Complaints about the Exportation of Twist.

Any other Reason?

I do not.

Do you know any Instances in which the Matter has objected to the Payment of the Contract Price, in consequence of the Length of Time the Work was kept in Hand by the Workmen?

If the Reduction of Wages had taken place before the Work was completed, a proportional Reduction would take place.

Are there not many Instances in which the Contract Price has been withheld in consequence of the Work being done in an unworkmanlike Manner?

Yes. Withdrew.

Mercuni,230 die Ap 1800.

Do they ever advance Money upon short Pieces?

Yes; but I have worked upon those Goods which took up as much Time as the long Pieces?

Have you everfuffered any Inconvenience from beginning Work at the Desire of your Matter, in the Purchase of Utensils for that new Work?

Yes; I have now upon my Hands Utensils which have cost me between £. 50 and £.60.

Have you been under the Necessity of borrowing Money of your Matter to purchase those Utensils?

Yes.

How is the Matter repaid?

By (topping 5 s.perPiece on taking the Work in.

Is it not usual, when a Weaver applies for Work, for the Matter to enquire of him by whom he was employed before?

Yes; it is.

If he hears a bad Character of that Man, would he give him any Thing to do?

He would not.

Were any additional Wages paid you for your Work, as a Compensation for the additional Expence you were put to in the Purchase of Utensils?

No; never any additional Wages for it/

Vol. 55.

John S,

Again called in, and Examined.

In any of the Instances you have stated, where you was paid less Wages on taking Home the Work than you had contracted for, had you kept your Work in Hand any extraordinary Length of Time?

No, I had not.

Was the Work done in a workmanlike Manner?

It was.

Was it damaged or othenvays injured?

No.

Did you not expostulate with your Matter, and w'hat Reasons did he assign for the Reduction?

He assigned several Reasons. He said, he would have his Profit, let me do as I would; and he reduced me 4 d. per Yard in Quiltings; he gave'2 for the First Piece, and 1 s.2>d. for the remaining.

Do not Instances frequently occur, where the alledged Damage done to the Work, or its being done in an unworkmanlike Manner, are only a Pretext for the Pv.e-duction of the Wages, when neither is in fad the same?

I have been abated in Pieces, which I thought I should have been paid for.

Were

A. 1800.

49 3

8° Mail

Minutes of Evidence on Petition of the Cotton Weaver of Chester, &c. — continued.

Were they damaged, or done in an unworkmanlike Manner?

They were not.

Arc there any Means at present subsisting of having those Points cheaply and speedily determined, as often as they happen between Matter and Man?

You can apply to a Magistrate; but he cannot tell what is the Nature of the Dispute, unless her was a Manufacturer.

Can you mention a tingle Instance of the Bolton Association being an Injury to yourself, or any other honest Weaver?

It never did me any harm as I know of.

Has it to your Knowledge injured any other?

I do not recollect that it has.

Do you know of any Names being entered in the Black Book?

A Manufacturer belonging to the Society, told me, a Week before I came here, that he had entered Three Names in it.

Was it not on Account of their Embezzlement of West?

He did not tell me the Reason, nor did I esquire.

Does not Embezzlement of West exist to a very material Degree?

I believe it does, and that it is an Injury to those

Mailers who would be honest.

If by any Regulations the Price of Weaving was fixed higher than the Manufacturers could afford, how could you compel them to employ the Weavers?

1 could not compel them.

Were those who were fulpeCled of embezzling West, and whose Names were entered in the Black Book of that Association, heard in their own Defence?

I never heard.

Do you know that they were not heard?

I do not.

Did you ever hear that they were convicted in any Court of Justice, or before any Magistrate, before their Names were entered in the Black Book?

No, I did not.

Did any Member of the Association ever complain to you, that there were feme of his Brother Members who were in the Habit of purchasing embezzled West?

Yes; they have.

Did any Person of this Association, besides those you have already mentioned, ever inform you of any other Persons, besides the Three you have mentioned, having his Name entered in the Black Book?

One Manufacturer told me he had entered One, and he told me his Name.

While your Wages were reduced. Year after Year, in the Manner you have stated, did the Price of Provisions get lower?

No j they got higher.

How or in what Manner do Manufacturers obtain Weavers, when the Demand for their Goods enables them to extend their Business?

Sometimes they give it out that they want Weavers, and I have myself recommended Persons.

Do you know no Instance of a Weaver being employed by one Manufacturer for a certain Length of Time, leaving him, if offered by another Person higher Wages?

Yes, I have known Instances; I have docte so myself.

Have you never worked at any other Trade than that of a Weaver?

Yesat Bleaching.

What were your Earnings as a Journeyman Bleacher per Week?

At that Time, which was about 1792 or 1791, it was 14 s.perWeek; I cannot tell what a Journeyman

Bleacher earqs now.

Why did you quit that Trade at which you earned 14 s.per Week, to become a Weaver, in which you said you can only get at the most lor. per Week?

My Family were growing up, and I must teach them a Trade.

When you say you earn ior. a Week, do you include the Earnings of your Family?

I mean only myself. Myself, Son, and Daughter, in the same House, if we can earn 30 per Week, clear Money, it is as much as we can do; my Daughter is 19 Years old, and my Son 17; my Wife winds Bobbins, for which there is feme Allowance.

Does it not often happen that a Weaver has a Wife and Three or Four small Children who earn nothing, but depend upon his 10 s.per Week?

Yes, it does.

At what Age can a Child at Bolton begin to earn any Thing?

You may turn them to a Factory very early, but at Home not till about the Age of Seven or Eight, and can earn about 1 s.6 d.per Week, but it requires a great

deal of Time to teach them, which is a great Loss to the Weaver.

When you quitted the Bleaching Branch for the Weaving, were not the Wages for Weaving higher than those for Bleaching?

Yes, they were; I quitted about 1791 or 1792.

Withdrew.

Jervis, i° die Ma 1800.

Daniel Hurst, Weaver, at , in Lancashire;

Called in, and Examined.

Where does your Matter reside?

In Yorkshire.

Have you suffered any, and what, Reductions in your Wages since 1792?

Very much.

Do you receive any greater Wages in the present Year, than in 1799?

No; but I receive 2 s. less in each Piece, than I had last Year.

To what principal Cause do you impute the general Uniformity of the gradual Reduction of Wages from 1792 to the present Period?

1 can form no Idea; but that they all agree together, and begin to abate at once.

From the Abatement beginning at the same Time, do you conclude it to be from a general Agreement or Understanding between the Matters?

I can form no Idea; I could not mend myself by going to other Matters.

7

What Description of Work have you been engaged in since 1792?

Velveteens and Fustians.

What Wages did you receive in 1792?

£.4. per Piece of 40 Yards, (pinning and weaving.

What Wages in 1793?

Augmented to 42 Yards, and 5 ,r. Wages —

1794, augmented to Yards, Wages 2. xo 1.-1795, 44 Yards, Wages £.2. — 1796, augmented to 46 Yards, Wages the same — 1797, Length the fame. Wages in the Month of Augustwere augmented to 3. 3 j.; the Variations were in that Year — In September £.3. — In October £. 2. 17 si- — In November £. 2. 14 — In December £. 2. 9 j. — In the same Month £. 2. only. — In 179S,

Length

40 Geo. Ill 8.° Ma. 495

Length 46 Yards, Wages £. i. i8r.- — In 1799, feme Length, Wages £. 1. 16 j. the Avenge. — Inthepresent Year the Lengths have augmented to 50 Yards, and we receive £. 1. i8r.

Was the Quantity of Work more or less for the low or high Wages?

More Yards worked for the low Wages.

Is the Length of the Pieces attended with any Dif-ad van tag; to the Workmen?

Very much; because the Warp is of too much Substance for the Beam, which throws the Loom out of its Level j when the Cloth comes to be nearly wove out, it is too large a Substance for the Diameter of the Wheel, which makes the Work harder for the Workmen. The above Mode does not make the Cloth so good.

Do the Matters ever contract to pay a certain Sum, and when the Work is taken Home pay less?

Very commonly.

What Excuse have they in such Cases?

My Matter's was, that others were working for less Money, and he mutt give the fame, or he could not meet them at the Market.

Had you damaged your Work in those Cafes, or not performed it in due Time?

It was not damaged; and done in due Time.

What Remedy have you been accustomed to resort to?

We have no Remedy we could make use of, because we are in the Matter's Hands, with regard to the Account of Cotton he had in Book against us. He always delivers to us a certain Quantity of Cotton, and we are to deliver to him the like Weight again. There is in the Manufacturing of the Cotton a certain Loss. They used to allow us an Ounce in a Pound Weight for Loss, but now only Half an Ounce, which is not a sufficient Allowance.

Do you mean to say, that you are so much in your Matter's Power that you dare not resort to any existing Remedy?

I have offered Proposels to him, which he accepted in this Manner: He would make me a Bill of Parcels of the Piece, or otherwise I mutt submit to his Will, or take the Piece upon my Hands to make the mofl of; which I was not in Circumstances to do.

How much clear Money can you get Week on Velverets, and working 14 Hours per Day, allowing Two Hours for Meals?

5J. clear Money.

How many Yards a Day can you manufacture, working hard in the above Hours?

Five Yards.

but One Half of the Shoots in an Inch than that which Minute of is found by the Matter. Evidence on

J Petitions of the

In 1797, did you weave from West of your own Spin-

ning ? ter, &o. — iCK-

Yes.

How much per Week did you get then?

9 s. per Week clear.

In 1798, what did you get per Week?

About Seven Shillings.

When your Matter offered to return a Piece on your Hands, was it in any Respect damaged?

It was not.

Did you spin all the Work you wove in all the Years you have spoken?

Yes.

Did you from 1792 till this present Year?

I did.'

When you fey you earn so much per Week clear, do you include the Expence of Room and Candle, &c.?

I do.

What other Deductions do you make?

Wear of Utensils, Fuel to heat the Irons fordreffing.

Flour for dressing; all of which, on a moderate Computation, will Hand at is. 6d. per Week.

How much per Week do you deduct for Spinning?

One Half.

Is there any Description of Velverets, of which you can work 5 or 6 Yards a Day?

Yes, Pieces of 50 Yards long, for which we get

£. 1. 8 s. out of which the Weaver gets 14 out of which is to be deducted in the Proportion of 1 x. 6 d. per Week, as before stated.

Do you believe that the Wages are much lower at

Bolton, than at Oldham?

I know nothing about Bolton.

Will 6 s.per Week maintain a Family?

It will not.

What does a Day Labourer get in your Neighbourhood?

1 j. 8 d. or 1 j. 10 d.per Day, according to Merit.

Do you pay 14J. for spinning and preparing for the Loom the Piece at this Time?

Yes.

How much Flour does it take to dress a Piece of <0 Yards?

2lbs. of fine Flour. Withdrew.

How much a Week, clear Money, can you get, working at the same Rate at Velveteens?

6 s.j I can work Three Yards per Day.

Did the Fall of Provisions keep Pace with the Reduction of Wages?

Quite the Reverie.

Have you wove any Velverets this Year?

Yes.

Thomas Beaumont, Weaver, at , in;

Called in, and Examined.

What Description of Work was you employed in, in 1795?

Fancy Mullins.

How long did you continue in that Description of Work?

Three Years.

What Length and what Wages?

20 s. per Piece for weaving a Piece of 50 Yards.

How many Yards of Velverets can you weave in a Day at present?

Three Yards, by diligent Application.

Do you know any Reason why a Man at Bolton should weave more Yards per Day of Velverets than you can?

I know no other Reason than this — We can weave more Yards of that West which we spin; because it has Vot. 55.

How much per Yard did you receive in 1795?

Three Shillings per Yard.

To what Price was you reduced from 1795 to 1798 ? From 3 s.to 1 s.9 d. per Yard, of the same Kind

and Quality of Goods.

When you began this Kind df Work, was you put to' any, and what. Expence in new Utensils?

In Time and Materials to upwards of£. 10.

6 K Was

494

8 M

iSodi

Minutes of Evidence on Petitions of th£ Colton Weavers, of Cu.ef-ter, kc.-x-continued.

Was any Allowartce made by your Matter for that Expence?

None at all.

Did you continue in that Work in 1799?

I did not. t was employed in Muslin they call Lappets.

Did this Work occasion you any Expence in Utensils?

It did; Three Looms to the Amount of £. 14.

What did your Matter agree to pay you for this new Work?

Two Shillings per Yard.

Did he pay you the 2 s.per Yard when you took the Work Home?

He did) for the First Work I took Home, and not for the rett -I receive at present only 1 s. for the same Work?

Was any Allowance made you for the extra Expence of£. 14. on entering on the above Work?

He did not.

Has it ever happened to your Knowledge, that the Matter has paid less Wages than he agreed to pay?

Yes.

Do you know of any particular Person to whom that happened?

Yes.

What Remedy did he resort to and obtain?

He took out Warp for Four Pieces; and took in the Three First without Complaint, and was regularly paid. When he took in the last Piece, they stopt the whole of his Wages for that Piece, on Pretence of the whole of the Work being spoiled. He summoned the Matter to a Justice Meeting, and the Work was produced, and the Justices could not determine it, and it was turned over to a Quarter Sessions. The Man was poor, and not being able to pursue it, he loft his Wages. Another Circumstance, which happened to myfel£ was, I took out a Warp of Fancy Muslin, of Four Pieces, at 15 d. per Yard, and before I had well begun, I was told I must have 13 \d.per Yard. I was obliged to agree, or my Utensils would have been unemployed, which cost me so much; and when I took in the First Piece, he would only pay me 1 s. per Yard, and told me, if I did not like that, I must work the Remainder plain; which would have been a Loss to me of at least 2 r. per Week.

How many Yards are there in a Piece of Lappet Muslin?

Each Piece 24 Yards.

How many Yards can you work in a Day?

Two Yards.

Are not Weavers in general very delirous of undertaking Works with new Patterns?

Formerly I was desirous of it; but have experienced such Inconveniencies, that I no longer wish it.

Are not Wages always higher for Works of 4 new Pattern than old?

They are.

Does not the Increase of Wages for new Works in a great Degree, if not wholly, compensate you for the Expences in purchasing Utensils?

In some Degree; but in the last Instance above-mentioned, I mean Lappets, there was no Compensation at all.

In any Instances, is it equal to the Expence?

It is not.

When Matters and their Workmen have any Disputes, is it not usual for the Magistrate to call in some expe-

' 1 / ' rienced and iritelligent Manufacturer to decide for them ? - .

I never knew an Instance, where ahy other than $ Manufacturer was called in I never knew a Workman called in.

t. *

Should any Bill be passed into a Law, dq you not believe that One of1 the Arbitrators appointed would be a Manufacturer?

I believe he would»

Would you not have the Advantage of having One of the Referees of your own Nomination?

Yes j I should suppose so.

Should any Regulations take place for fixing by Law the Wages, u> that the Manufacturer should be obliged to pay for each Piece of Goods, supposing the re was not a Demand for them, that many Men would be liable to be thrown completely out of Work?

He might be employed in some other Kind of Work.

Do you know the Price of Labourers in general at

Stockport, including Husbandry, Masonry, &c.?

Husbandry about 2 s.per Day — Carpenters arid other Mechanics from i8j. to 24 Week.

Was there not a great Scarcity of Labourers in Husbandry last Year at Stockport?

1 am not sufficiently acquainted.

How much can a Child of Eight Years old earn per Day in the Manufactory at Stockport ? .

About Half a Crown perWeek on . an Average. Some Boys of Twelve or Fourteen Years of Age, attending the Machinery that used to be performed by Men, earn on an Average 7 j. or 8 s. per Week clear.

How many Yards of Fancy Muslin could you weave in a Day in 1795?

Two Yards. Withdrew.

- t f

Several other Witnesses attending from the Counties of Derby and York; and it appearing to Your. Committee to be only in Corroboration of the same Fads already adduced, Your Committee did not think it necessary to gq into further Evidence.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie' upon the *

Table.

An ingrossed Bill, for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in' the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for building a' Bridge acrqts the " River Tawey, at a Place called The Wick Tree., in the

" Parish of Lanfamlett, to the opposite Shore, ip the Parish of -Uangevelach, in the County of Glamorgan, for " making proper Avenues, or Roads, to and from, the " said Bridge; and also, for repairing and widening the " Road from Pentre Brook, near a Place called " berthy, in the Parish of Sai , near

" to the said intended Bridge," was read the Third Time. ..

Resolved, That- the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed- in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign erf- His present Majesty, for building Bridge across the River Tawey, at a Place called The ,fVicA Tree, in the Parish of Llansamlett, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Uangefelach, in the county of,

for making proper Avenues, or Roads, to and from the said Bridge; -and also, for repairing and widening the Road from Pentre Brook, near a Place called, Aberdwy-berthy, in the Parish of Saint John's, near Swanfta, to the said intended Bridge.

Swansea

Bridge Bill passed.

petition relative to Notices for Yarpole and Prerteigne, &c. Roads.

Southampton and Salisbury Canal Bill, reported.

Hackney Coaches &c. Bill, reported.

40 Geo. lit 8° Man. 49 5

Ordered, That Mr. John P do carry the Sill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of thd several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two Acts, the One passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An

"/ Act for amending, repairing, and widening, the Roads " leading from The Ryewayin the Parish of Yarpole, in the County of Hereford, to , in the County of

" Radnor, and from thence to and from Pres-

ttigne, aforesaid, to die Top of and from

" The Ryeway, aforesaid, by The , to Woofer-

" ton, in the County of Salop," and the other, paired in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for continuing the Term of the said Act, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads, branching out of the Roads comprized in the said Act, was prel'ented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of Leave granted l?y the House, on the 3d Day of April last, Notice has been given, Three Times, in /he Newspaper called The Hereford Journal, that Application is making to Parliament, for a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Acts, in such and the like Manner as is required to be given, by the Standing Orders of the House, of Applications intended to be made, relative to Turnpike Bills: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Acts, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Knight, Mr. Buxton, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock-, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr.' Penruddocke Wyndliam reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, to the City of New Sarum, in the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Jodrell, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the Rates and Fares, taken by Licensed Hackney Coachmen, and for establishing other Rates and Fares in lieu thereof; and for explaining and amending several Laws relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs, Was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout.; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Vol. 55.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Sir William Young, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the last Seftign of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on " Sugar imported and exported, and on Coffee exported; " and for reducing the Drawbacks now allowed on the " Exportation of Sugar," as imposes Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, and who were instructed to con-fid^r of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to enable the Commissioners " of the Customs to allow, until the First Day of April " One thousand Eight hundred, British Plantation Su- _ gars to be warehoused; to revive so much of an Act, " made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the " Average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance " of Drawback on the Exportation - thereof; and for " allowing, until the Fifth Day of May One thousand " Eight hundred, certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported," th6 Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, which were granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, do cease and determine, for a Time to be limited:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Drawbacks and Bounties which were directed to be withheld by an Act of the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and an Act of the last Session of Parliament, be allowed, for a limited Time, on all Sugar which shall be exported from this Kingdom, whenever the Price thereof shall be below a certain Sum:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that Sugar, imported from any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in the Indies, be, for a limited Time, permitted to be warehoused.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Sir William Young, Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Charles Yorke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation of " Mills," was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Three Months.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend, and make perpetual, an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present

Report on Atts

respetting Da-tie on Sugar and Coffee.

Bill for better KrgulatioD Mills, put off for Three Montln.

Committee on Scotch Small Debts Bill.

L

496 8° Matt, . i8ocv

Tent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the mote easy and " expeditious Recovery of Small Debts, anddetermining Small Causes, arising out of Personal Contraft, or Obligation, in that Part of Great Britain called lt land ,"be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. William Dundastook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Report on The House was moved. That the Report which, upon Bank Build- Monday last, was made from the Committee, to whom aga!n re-comi the Petition of the Governor and Company of the mitted. Bank of England was re-committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be again re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be again re-committed to the Committee whom the said Petition was referred.

King's Con-. A Motion being made, That the ingrossed Bill for iint to Norton (hutting up, and discontinuing, certain Roads and Foot-KoadsBU?. paths, leading through the Grounds of Sir Richard Brooke, Baronet, in the Townships of Norton and Halton, in the Parish of Runcorn, and County Palatine of , and for making and maintaining other Roads instead thereof, be now read the Third Time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6. 1. 23. After " Castle" to insert " being

" Part of the Premises heretofore demised by His Majesty, " under the Seal of His said " Duchy, to the said late Sir ‘ " Richard Brooke."

The said Amendment, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Bill pafl(d< Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for (hutting up, and discontinuing, certain Roads and Footpaths, leading through the Grounds of Sir Richard Brooke, Baronet, in the Townships of Norton and Haltcn, in the Parish of Runcorn, and County Palatine of Chester, and for making and maintaining other Roads instead thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Patten do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Committee on The Order of the Day being read, for the House to import upon^ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ways!\c.'de- consider further of the Report which was made from the fen«d. Committee, who were appointed to consider of several Acts, made in the Thirteenth and Thirty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, respecting the Public Highways, and also, of another Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of

called England, and to report their Observations, together with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, ' resolve itself into the said Committee *

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Ac- Account of count of the Total Produce of the Tax upon Income, for the Year ending the 5th of April 1800, as far as the to be printed, same can be made up and estimated; distinguishing the Amount in Consequence of Assessments by the Commercial Commissioners, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, to whom Report on it was referred to consider of His Majesty's most Gracious Message, which was presented to the House upon ship arnttd the nth Day of February last, by Mr. Chancellor of the ^raMoS -Exchequer, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Message, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read; and is as followeth; viz. '

Your Committee have thought it proper, in the First Place, to enquire into the Circumstances which led to the Order in Council, referred to in His Majesty's Message; and with this View proceeded to examine the several Papers presented to the House in consequence of an Address to His Majesty, and by them referred to Your Committee, containing all the Proceedings, relative to this Transaction, which have taken place under the Authority of the Lords of the Privy Council.

It appeared from these, That in pursuance of the Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, by. which His Majesty was " empowered, with the Advice of His Privy " Council, to grant Permission for the Importation of " all Goods coming from the Levant Seas without " Clean Bills of Health, without such Goods having " been opened and aired in the several Lazarets in the " Mediterranean Sea, mentioned in the Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, subject to " such Regulations, with respect to opening and airing " such Goods previous to the landing thereof, and to c< the Performance of Quarantine by the Crews and other " Persons on board the Ships in which such Goods " should be imported, as His Majesty, by and with such " Advice, should by any Order make or direct}" and in consequence of a Memorial of the Levant Company, praying that early Measures might be taken for the above Purpose, the Lords of the Privy Council had appointed a Committee to consider and prepare such Regulations, in order that the same might be laid before His Majesty in Council for His Consideration; which Committee consisted of Four of His Majesty's Physicians in Ordinary, Four other Physicians, Two of whom were Commissioners of Sick and Hurt, and One other of whom had been formerly Physician to the Factory at

Aleppo, the Comptroller of the Navy, the Commissioners of the Customs, and Two Members of the Levant Company; and that an experienced Navy Surgeon had also been sent to reside in the Neighbourhood of

Creek, in order to examine into the Health of the Crews and other Persons on board the Ships that might arrive under such Circumstances.

Your Committee found, that of the Ships referred to in His Majesty's Message, and which were severally named The Aurora, The Mentor, and The Lark, the former arrived in Standgate Creek towards the End of the Two latter about the Middle and End of Oelobct last, all with Cargoes from Mogador, on the Coast of Barbary, and all with Foul Bills of Health. That previous to the Arrival of the last, which had been detained at Lifboni and then dismisshd without being permitted to land any Part of her Cargo, these and other Circumstances

40 Geo. III. 8° Mail

497

fiances of Alarm as to the Danger of Infection from their Cargoes, which consisted principally of Hi'des and Skins in the Hair, had been communicated to some of His Majesty's Ministers; and that in consequence, not only the usual Quarantine had been strictly observed, but an Examination into all those Circumstances had been made with great Accuracy by the Quarantine Committee appointed as before dated, who in their Report of the 5th of December 1799, submitted the Result to the Lords of the Council; and therein dated it " to be their indispensable Duty to submit to the Wisdom of the " Lords of the Council, the Propriety of taking such " Measures as to their Lordships might seem fit for the " effectual Destruction of the said Ships and Cargoes."

It further appeared, That the Lords of the Council, not being satisfied with the Reasons given for making an immediate Order for the Destruction of the said Ships and the Whole of their Cargoes, referred it again to the Quarantine Committee, " to re-consider the Subject,

" and to date the special Reasons on which they " grounded their Opinion that the said Ships, and the " Whole of their Cargoes, diould be destroyed; and " whether Inch Rcalons applied to all the Articles of K the said Cargoes, or only to a Part of them." — That in Obedience to this Reference, the Quarantine Committee proceeded, in their Report of the 28th of ber, to date their special Reasons which induced them dill to adhere to the Suggedion proposed by them in their former Report; which Reasons were as follow:

* id. The violent and fatal Prevalence of the Plague " at Mogador during the Shipping the Whole or

* Part of the Cargoes of the Vessels in question.

<c 2d. The peculiar Sufceptibility of Infection, and " Liability to retain Infection, attached to the Articks forming a principal Part of the Cargoes " of those Vessels, especially the Goat Sking, which " are entire, u'ith the Hair turned inside: And " the great Difficulty, if not Impracticability, of c such Airing and Expurgation thereof, as would ' " be a sufficient Security against the Danger of " Contagion: Having regard as well to the Nature " and Form of the Article itself, as to the Circumstances of the Time and the Place when the Artides were brought into, lodged in Warehouses at, handled and packed, and carried on board " the Vessels from Mogador; in which Process the " Natives, many of whom were supposed to have " died of the Plague, appear to have been concerned. 3d. The great Proportion of these enumerated and " noxious Articles to those non-enumerated and " less susceptible, in the Cargoes of the Several " Vessels j and the Rilk of Infection which might " arise from opening the Hatchways, and from the " Communication and Intermixture necessary to " Separate and convey away the enumerated and " non-enumerated Parts of their Cargoes.

" 4th. The Non-existence, at present in this Country, of a System of Quarantine, properly digested and arranged to receive and provide for " Vessels and their Cargoes arriving in the Predi-

" cament under which these Vessels Hand. And " in this Remark the Committee do not allude " merely to the Circumstance of their having come " in without Clean Bills of Health, but to that of " the excessive Height with which the Plague " raged, and the vast Mortality which it had occasioned at the Port of Shipping and the adjacent of Places, and the consequent increased Peril of In- " section.

" 5th. That notwithstanding the continued good " Health of the Crews and Persons on board these " Vessels (with the Exception of the for-

" mer Mailer ot The La, who died at Mogador of " a Disorder llrongly lufpe<5led to be the Plague)

<! and the Time elapsed since their Departure from " Mogador, the Committee cannot but entertain

Vol. 55.

" Apprehensions of the Possibility of lurking and " dormant Infedlion being retained in Articles " thus susceptible, and unapt for the Application " of the ordinary and efficacious Methods of Purification.

6th. That in a Matter of this Moment, involving " Considerations and Circumstances of the greatest " Importance, and where an Errqr in Judgment,

" or an unadvised Exposure to Hazard, might be " pregnant with a Calamity of the raoft dreadful " Nature, the Committee thought jt their bounden " Duty to conduct themselves with the utmost " Circumfpedlion, and to be guided rather by the: " Principle of extreme Caution and Prudence, than " to be satisfied with the common, and possibly in " most Cafes justifiable. Rules of Discretion.

7th. That although the Committee were aware of " the Improvidence and Inexpedience of any Suggestion which might create Expence to the Publie, unless absolutely necessary j and reluctant at " all Events to be compelled to suggest any Measur of an expensive Tendency; yet under the " full Force of these Impressions, they could not " but be of Opinion that the Charge connected " with their Suggestion, however material, might " be overbalanced by other Considerations ilill " higher and more weighty.

And the Committee think it may not here be improper to observe, that superadded to the gcneral Evil which mull ensue, should any Accident to the Public Health unhappily result, the " Object of attracting and securing to this Country an extensive and valuable Branch of Com- " merce, which they understand is in Contemplation, by instituting an improved and enlarged " System of Quarantine in this Kingdom, might, " in the Issue of so calamitous an Event, be maj " terially counteracted and defeated.

; The Committee on this Point beg Permission further to observe, that the Measure, if adopted, " could not, according to their Judgment, lead " to the Inconvenience of furnishing Grounds for " entailing Charges of a similar Kind on the Publie, inasmuch as the Circumstances respecting " the Vessels in question are altogether special; " and as they trust such an Establishment for Quarantine will at no distant Period be framed as " will be adapted to admit and dispose of, upon a " regular safe Plan, Vessels arriving under every " Predicament, sanctioned by the Legislature.

8th. The Committee beg finally to observe, that " in the Proposition submitted, they had in View, " as they thought it behoved them to have, the " Line of Conduct which was pursued heretofore, " upon an Occasion of apprehended Danger of a " like Kind, and where it leemed to them the " Cause of Apprehension was less cogent than in the present Instance. They allude to the same " of the Sloop Fowey, Isaac , Master, under

" Quarantine at the Mot her bank near Porijmcuth, " which was by an Order of His Majesty's most " Honourable Privy Council, bearing Date 4th " February 1754, ordered, with all her Cargo on " board, to be carried out to Sea, and there funk " in deep Water."

Report on

King's McT-lage respcdV'P^ Ships arrived from Mogrvior — continued

(Signed)

6 L

L. Pepys,

Tho‘ Gisborne,

"John Ttirton,

A. S. Hamond,

Pat. Russell,

Ja. Johnston,

Gil.B/ane,

J. Robert J'on,

lVdlm Roe,

E. Lee,

J. Green."

It

A- 1800.

498 8° 'Mail

P p rt on

K-.-S M-. -

\ m: f < iung Mi:ps ?? i\ ciI i»\ in M lor — -a u, J.

It appears so Your Committee, That the Lords of the Council having taken the above mentioned Reasons, and the Facts on which they were founded, into their Consideration, did, by their Order of the 3d of January last, ch'-ect " That the Quarantine Committee be desired to " report their Opinion, whether any Danger to the " Health of His Majesty's Subjects would arise from " the said Ships being continued in their present Situation under the strictest Quarantine, or placed in any " other which the said Committee may think, more advitable, and not destroyed, as recommended, until " Parliament should meet, which will be on the-21st " Day of this Instant January, in order that, previously " toluch Diltruiftion, it may be submitted to the Legislature to determine, whether any Compensation " should be granted to the Owners of the Ships abovementioned, and of the Cargoes, and if it should be " thought fit to grant any Compensation, in what Manner the Amount of the same should be ascertained."

In answer to which, the Quarantine Committee, in their Report of January 4th, stated, " That they had " fully considered the Subject of the Reference, and " having also taken into Consideration the several Circumstances transmitted to the Commissioners of the " Customs by One of their Officers, relative to the " present crowded State of the Persons on board the " Ships from Mogador; the imminent Danger to be apprehended, in regard to their general Health, from " the Effluvia arising from Skins which are already becoming putrid; and the great Danger of Embezzlement of the Cargoes, which are generally understood " to be intended to be destroyed without any previous " Examination} were humbly of Opinion, that Danger " to the Health of His Majesty's Subjects would arise from these Ships being continued in their present, or " in any other. Situation under any Precautions which " can be devised; and therefore the Committee humbly " submitted, that it would be advisable to direct that " the said Ships, together with their Cargoes, be immediately destroyed."

And the Committee further submitted, " That the " Persons on board the said Ships, with the Exception " of so many only as may be necessary to assist in conducting the Vessels to the Place where they are to be " destroyed, in case such a Measure should finally be " determined upon, should be taken out of the said " Ships, and received on board a proper and convenient " vessel to be hired for that Purpose, and that they " should be subjected to the Performance of Twentyone Days Quarantine on board the said Vessel, and " at the Expiration thereof, provided they continued " free from any Appearance of Infection, that they " should be discharged from any further Restraint on " Account of Quarantine."

Your Committee find. That in consequence of this Representation, it was, by an Order in Council dated January 7th, which recited the above Representation, directed, " That the said Three Ships, with the Cargoes on " board, should be forthwith carried out to Sea, and " there funk in deep Water," according to the Special Directions therein given; " and that the Mailers, Mates, " and Mariners, should be received on board proper and convenient Vessels, to return to Standgate " and there to remain under Quarantine for Fourteen " Days — Which Order was accordingly carried into

Execution, and the several Ships and Cargoes funk, as directed, on the 18th January last.

Your Committee proceeded in the next Place to af-ccrrain, by their own Examination of Witnesses, Letters, and other Documents, all the Circumstances relating to the same referred to their Consideration} the Result of which they now submit to the House.

It appeared that The Aurora, having been engaged as a Transport Ship from London to Gibraltar, was there 4

chartered about the 3d of May 1799, in consequence of Directions lent by Mr. Baldry from Mogador about the 3d of April, on Account of himself and Messrs. Reeve and Green, Merchants in London, to take a Cargp from Mogador to that Port; that Ibe failed accordingly from Gibraltar towards the End of and arrived at Mogador on the 1 ft of June, and began taking in her Cargo on the 27th of the same Month, and having completed it on the 23th of July, failed on the next Day direct for London, and arrived at Standgate Creek on the 27th of August.

That The Mentor having also been engaged as a Transport from London to Gibraltar, was there chartered on the 23th of May 1799, in consequence of Directions from Messrs. Court and Company, Merchants at dor, dated in March, on their own Account, to take a Cargo from Mogador to Hamburgh: That Ihe failed accordingly in Company with The Aurora, and arrived with her at Mogador, where her Destination was, by Agreement between the Parties, altered from Hamburgh to London, and a new Charter Party executed, duly certified by the British Vice Consul, and Bills of Lading made out accordingly: That Ihe began loading her Qargo on the 4th of July, and completed it on the 30th, and failed on the 6th of August last, but was captured by a encli Privateer on the 20th, and retaken by a British Ship of War on the 23th, and sent into Cork, where Ihe arrived on the 30th, and was detained there under Quarantine till the nth of October, when she failed with a fresh Crew (except Three Mariners) and arrived at Standgate Creek on the 17th of that Month.

That The Lark was dispatched by her Owners, the said Mr. Baldry and Messrs. Reeve and Green, as a Transport from London to Lisbon, where Ihe arrived on the 23th of

June, and failed from thence in Ballast on the 10th of July to Mogador, where she arrived on the 13th to take in a Cargo to Lisbon and London, which Ihe accordingly began loading on the 25th of that Month, and completed on the 28th of August, and failed on the 6th of September for Lisbon, where Ihe arrived on the 18th, and landed all her Passengers, but was not permitted to unload any of her Cargo, but was. obliged to depart on the 4th of 0 Bober, and failed with Convoy for London, and arrived in Standgate Creek on the 23d of that Month.

Your Committee find that the Plague first appeared in the Neighbourhood of Fez and Mequinox early in the Year 1799, from whence it spread in all Directions towards the Coast; down which the Infection proceeded in a Southerly Direction, and readied the Town of Saphie, situated near Sixty Miles to the North of Mogador, about the Middle of June; and broke out in the latter Place at least as early as tlac Beginning of: That by the 4th of that Month Six Persons were believed to have died of it there in One Day, and shortly after Twelve or Fifteen: That its Ravages progressively increased from that Time, so that by the 27th it was thought dangerous to venture on Shore j and the European Merchants were about that Time all shut up in their Houses: That on the 6th of August the Mortality had advanced to One Hundred and Twenty per Day, and soon after to One Hundred and Fifty per Day, from whence it decreased to Forty Day on the 6th of September-, by which Time it was computed that 7,300 Persons had perillied there, leaving only about 1,300 Inhabitants alive.

It appears that each of the Cargoes of the Ships in question was in general composed of the same Commodities; viz. Goat Skins and Cow Hides in the Hair, Almonds, Gum, Salt Petrc, Pomegranate Peels, Worm-feed, and as to One of them, Olive Oil and Bees Wax } of which the Two first-mentioned Articles formed nearly Half of the whole Investment.

40 Geo. III. 8° Mail

4 99

It was admitted that these are peculiarly susceptible and tenacious of Infection; and though it appeared most probable that great Part of them had been collected at Mogadorprevious to the breaking out of the

Plague in that Town or Neighbourhood; yet even if it could have been proved that all were of that Description, there would (till have remained great Reasons for Apprehcnsion, from the Mode in which they are conveyed on board the respective Ships; for Your Committee find it to be an admitted Fact, that whatever Care may be taken in packing the Skins and Hides in the Merchants Houses, (which is generally done in Mats, which are supposed to be Id's capable of retaining and conveying Infection,) yet they are always carried by the Natives, or conducted by them, if carried on Mules and Alfes, from the Warehouses to the Sea Side, where the Duties are colluded; for which Purpose it is uiual for the Officers of Government to open an indefinite Number of the Bales at their Pleasure, and to take out and reckon the Skins and Hides, in order to ' prevent Frauds on the Revenue; and that the Whole are also conveyed by the Natives in their own Boats from the Shore to the Ship, and put on board by them.

Considering the known Negligence of the ausin general, as to the Prevention of this fatal Infection, and the Unavoidable Exposure of such an Article to the Reception of it in the Conveyance, as above defended, through the narrow Streets of a small Town, in which so many were daily dying, and carried out for Interment through it, it might seem sufficient to state this Circumstance alone as a Ground for the Precautions that have been thought necessary; for thus much unquestionably applies as well to The Aas to the Two other Ships which failed later; for it was in Proof before Your Committee, that Part of the Skins of which her Cargo was composed, were taken on board during the lait Three Weeks of her Stay, and a large Quantity even within Three Days of her failing.

But besides this. Your Committee found that these Skins are often collected from a Distance not less than 200 or 300 Miles, and therefore if all had been deposited at Mega dor, before the Plague actually appeared

there, it would be impcHible to ascertain whether they might not be infected when iirft purchased in Parts of the Country where it had raged for so long a Period; and Bill further it has been proved to Your Committee by an Eye Witness, that Skins were actually purchased from the Country after the Plague broke out at by One of the first European Merchants there, who shipped Skins on board each of the Ships, and particularly feme on Board The Aurora, within Three Days of her failing.

Whatever Circumstances of Hazard may be supposed to apply to that Ship, of course affect in a greater Degree the Two others, which took in,-and completed, their Cargoes at a later Period. With respect to The Mentor, it was in Proof before Your Committee, that a Parcel of Cow Hides, Part of her Cargo, was actually brought from Sallee, where the Plague broke out about the Middle of May, to Moya dor, while it was raging the re, and which instead of being taken into the Merchant's House to whom it was consigned, was left in the open Air near the Gate of the Towm, and from thence carried in the usual Way on board that Ship.

That with respect to The Lark, though fiie began loading her Cargo on the 25th July, yet the Prevalence of the Plague threw such Impediments in the Way of her completing it, that on the 6th August not more than a Fourth Part of what die actually brought Home was on board, and that it was not without the greatest Exertions of the Master that the Remainder could be shipped. That for this Purpose, the Ship's-Crew were employed in packing the Hides and Skins in the Merchants Houses, which had been for some Time (hut up Vol. 55.

from all Intercourse with the Natives, who nevertheless Report on were necessarily employed, as above dated, to convey. J^^iperting them, and the other Goods, from the Houses to the Ships arrived0 Ship. That Part of the Cargo was composed of Skins frmn Mogador font from Saphie, and collected in Hade, in order to make it up, from Persons in didrelfed Circumstances, wrho consequently would not be extremely cautious as to the Means of procuring the m. That with all these Exertions, it was not possible to get at all the Skins intended for the Cargo, a great Number of which were deposited in a Warehouse so near the Place where the numerous Dead were daily carried out to be buried, and which Interment, from the Hade and Negligence of those employed, was made at so small a Depth in the Earth, that the Effluvia was such as to prevent any Persons from approaching that Warehouse: That on the 24th August, the Mader of the Ship, who had been

employed with the Crew in packing the Skins, was suddenly taken ill, and in Two Days became delirious, and died on the 27th; and although it does not appear that he exhibited any peculiar Symptom of the Plague, and those who attended him in his Frenzy, and were frequently in contact with his naked Body, received no Infedtion, yet an Idea certainly prevailed at the Place, which the Circumstances of his Seizure seem in great Measure to countenance, that he actually died of that Disorder.

With this single Exception, Your Committee find that none of the Crews or Passengers in any of the Ships were affected with any Kind of illness during their Stay at Mogador, or from their Departure to the present Time.

Your Committee having thus examined into all the Circumstances attending the Transaction in question, directed their Attention, lastly, to the Allowance to be made to the Parties for the Lollessustained in consequence of the Destruction of the Ships and Cargoes, in case it should appear to the House, on the Consideration recommended by His Majesty's Message, that they are entitled to any. Your Committee beg Leave to fug-gest to the Wisdom of the House, on this Point, that there exists at present no Restriction, by positive Law, on Ships coming directly from any Place infected with the Plague to Great Britain; and particularly as to Mogador, as well as the Whole of the Coast of Barbary without the Streig/ils(not being included in the Provi-

fions above mentioned, of the 26th Geo. II. c. 18.) that it was never subject to ar.y such Restriction: That with respect to infected Places in the Levant, to which alone such Restriction, when in Force, applied; it seems to have been considered by the Legislature, that Commercial Intercourse might with Safety be permitted with them, if the Goods liable to Infection there taken on board, were opened and aired in certain Lazarets in the Mediterranean, subject to such Quarantine as His Majesty might think necessary on their Arrival here; and that although it has been thought proper by the Legilla-ture to enable His Majesty to licence the Importation of Goods coming from the Levant, without Clean Bills of Health, without having been opened and aired in such Foreign Lazarets as above mentioned; and although Ships arriving from the Port of Mogador and Western Coast of Barbary, might at any Time import Goods without such Licence, yet it has not as yet been found p radii cable to establish such Lazarets in Great Britain as might effectually prevent the Danger of landing Goods imported under such Circumstances: Your Committee however have learnt, with Satisfaction, that Arrangements for attaining that very desirable End are now in forwardness, so as to give Reason to hope, that a Measure, which has so frequently been called for by temporary Circumstances, and which received the express Sandtion of this House as long sincea^the Year 17S3 may at length be carried into Effect, lb as to prevent the Necessity of the Public again incurring an Expence

' similar

500 8 0 Mali, 1800.

Report on Ring's Mef-la^c icspecting Ships arrived from Mosndor — continued.

limilar to that at present in question. It appears further, that the Merchants interested in the several Cargoes thus destroyed, have been engaged in Trade with this Port and Coast for several Years part, where they have established Connections in Bufipefs, and made regular Consignments with aView to regular Returns: That the several Ships were engaged in this Trade before it could be supposed that this dreadful Distemper, which had not been known.in that Country for above Fifty Years part, would have appeared at; and that

though it is most probable, as before dated, that some Parcels of Skins may have been brought in from the Country during the Prevalence of the Plague there, yet the principal Part of the Cargoes were certainly provided before, and expected to be ready when the respective Ships should arrive.

In estimating the Compensation for Losses, Your Committee have thought it proper to follow, as nearly as Circumstances would admit, the Mode adopted in former Instances of a similar Nature, and in particular that of the Ships Bristol-AIerchant and,

destroyed by Order of his Majesty, with their Cargoes, in the Year 1721; and the Allowance for which was previously voted by this House: They found that in no same the Compensation had been carried beyond the Prime Cost Value of the Goods, including Port and other necessary Charges; and that in the one just mentioned, it had extended to the Charge of Freight, together with the extraordinary Expences of the Owners and Mailers, Seamen's Wages, and Provisions, incurred on Account of Detention from the Time of Quarantine being expired till the Destruction, together with their Apparel, Cabin Furniture, and other Necessaries; and together with the Value of the Ships.

They have been accordingly attended by the Agent for all Parties concerned, tjpth in the Ships, Freight, and Cargoes, and have been furnished with the Invoices, Bills of Lading, and Letters of Advice, regarding almost every Article of the several Cargoes; and they have examined some of the Merchants concerned, and other indifferent Witnesses, as to the Value of the several Articles; the Mode of paying the several Duties upon Exportation from Mogador; and the customary incidental Charges made by the Merchants there on their Correspondents here, all which they have found to agree with the several Invoices produced; and therefore they fee no Reason to doubt that such Invoices contain a fair Account of the Prime Cost of the respective Articles, in the Manner in which the several Shippers and Con-lignees usually conduct their Commercial Concerns, and on which they all'o calculate the Insurance to be made. Your Committee find, in all these Invoices, a Charge for Commission at a per Centage on the Value of the Goods; but they have not thought it reasonable to add this to the Allowance to be made, where they are shipped, (as is frequently the Cafe) on the Account and Rilk of the Foreign Merchant; conceiving that in such same it amounts in Truth to a Profit; but they have thought it a proper Charge when made on the signee, as (landing on the same Footing with the other Expences of Exportation, to which he is necessarily liable.

These Invoices being all calculated in Barbary Money, Your Committee have procured all the Information in their Power, as to the fair Rate of Exchange for transferring the same into Sterling Money; which they have done, with the general Acquielcence of the Parties interested, at the Rate of 40 Barbary Ounces to the Pound Sterling; but finding that the Duties collected at the Port are actually paid in Dollars, they

thought it right not to estimate them, as is done in the Invoices, in Barbary Ounces; but to ascertain the Value of the Dollar in Sterling Money; which, in this Cafe, considering the bxpence of exporting Dollars for this Purpose, together with their actual Value at the Time, they have calculated at the Rate of Five Shillings each.

The Practice of Insurance being now become so general as to render the Premium paid an almost constant Mercantile Charge, Your Committee did not conceive the Parties would be fully indemnified unless they should be reimbursed this Expence, as well as the Charges above mentioned incidental to the Shipping of the Goods. They have accordingly examined the Policies actually effected, and the Premiums finally adjusted, with the several Underwriters, and compared them with the respective Interests of the Parties insured, by which Examination they have in some Instances reduced the Allowance for Premiums below the Amount actually settled with the Underwriters.

The Ships themselves, with their Tackle and Apparel, were estimated, previously to their being funk, by an Officer of the Customs, sent down for that Purpose, but who was prevented going on board by the Appre-hension of Infedlion. And Your Committee have also examined the Persons employed by the Underwriters at Lloyd's Coffee House to ascertain the Condition of Merchant Ships, and the Book prepared under their Direction, in which all Particulars, relating to them are accurately stated. From the Result of this Companion, they have stated the Value of The Lark at the Price claimed by the Owners, which is rather below the Estimate of the Custom House Officer. The Aurora was valued by him at £.1,169, on the Presumption of its being Venetian built: But Your Committee being satisfied, not only from the Certificate of Registry, but from the Testimony of Eye Witnesses, that (he was actually British built, have adopted the Estimate formed upon that Supposition by the Persons above referred to as employed by the Underwriters, and have accordingly stated the Value at £. 2,300. That of The Aleut or they have taken from the Estimate formed at Cork, with a View' to Salvage, when carried into that Port on her Re-capture, and where a more accurate Survey could be taken than was afterwards done while under the suspicious Circumstances of Detention here; and as it is understood such Valuations are seldom made upon too large a Scale, it was thought by Your Committee safe to advance the Estimate from £. 1,141. made here, to£. 1,300.

In adjusting the Freight, Your Committee have examined the Bills of Lading of The Aurora and , and calculated it accordingly in Favour of the Owners of the latter, and the Parties who had chartered the former, conceiving it would occasion leis Embarrassment in the Arrangement (if to be allowed at all) that it should be paid in One Sum, rather than allowed to each Individual Consignee of Goods, to be by him afterwards paid to the same Persons. On The Mentor they have estimated only the Sum stipulated by the Charter Party, having received no Claim for the specific Freight reserved on the Bills of Lading, and the principal Part of the Cargo being shipped by the Merchants themselves who chartered the Ship; from whole Consignments, on their owm Account, they have deducted Two Items, agreed to be paid by them to the Owners of the Ship; the one for Demurrage at Alogador ,the other for cancelling a Policy of Insurance on the first intended Voyage to Hamburgh; which not being an actual Charge on the specific Cafgo, has not been taken into Account as an allowable Charge. Conceiving the several Contrafts to be virtually difiblved by the Act of the Crown in detaining the Ships beyond the usual Time of Quarantine, and which ended in their total Destruction, for which a Compensation is estimated, Your Committee have not calculated the Allowance on that Account upon the Footing of Demurrage, as stipulated in the Charter Parties, but have proceeded upon the Principle of the Precedent above referred to, and have estimated the necessary Expences, in Wages of the Crew and Provisions, from the Expiration of the ordinary Quarantine to the Time when the Crew were ultimately released after the Ships were funk.

They

40 Geo. III. 8° Mail

5°i

They have endeavoured to ascertain, as well as the Circumstances would admit, the Value of the several Arricles of Apparel, and other Necessaries belonging both to the Crews and the Passengers on board the several Ships. They have compared the Claims made with the-Inventories taken by the Officers of the Customs, previous to the Ships being destroyed; but the Value they have in general been obliged to take according to the Estimate of the Parties themselves, con-trouled, wherever they could obtain it, by an Examination into the Circumstances and Appearances of the several Claimants. From a Comparison of the respective Charges with each other, and the general Mode of Estimation, Your Committee have noReafon to believe

that they have exceeded the just Amount; but the ne- R"P°';<0" celfary Defect of the Grounds of Valuation, from the Dettruction of the Articles before they could be exa- Shipsairived mined for this Purpose, precludes the Possibility of their detailing to the House, as they have done in Articles of 1 _r — '^1/ greater Magnitude, the Principles upon which they have proceeded.

the Refult of the whole Allowance, computed on all the Articles above referred to, amounts to £.41,007. iij. o \d.the Particulars of which, as applicable to each Ship, they have, in an Appendix to their Report, set forth in Three several Schedules, marked with the Letters (A.) (B.) and (C.) and intituled according to the Ships to which they relate.

APPENDIX.

Schedule (A.)

THE AURORA.

CLAIMANTS. £. s. d.

Lyon and JobJon - Value of the Ship - - - Provisions and Wages of the Crew, from 3d October 1799, when {he was released from Quarantine, to 18th January 1800, when {he was funk j 2,300

Matter's Wages, at £. 10 per Month - 42 13 4

Mate's — D°, 3J. id. per Day 23 9 4

Six Seamen D , 3 per Day 115 4 —

Provisions 181 9 8

100 Wt. of Bread funk in the Ship 2 2 —

Reave and Green, and - Freight, as per Invoices - 1,277 6 2

John Plumb Baldry - Freight for Goods in his privileged Places APPAREL, and sundry Articles, belonging to the Crew: 149 13 8

George Norman, Matter - i17 14 8

Henry Edvards, Mate - ----- -- 44 IS 6

15 11 —

Robert Adie - 16 16 6

Joseph Anton - - 712 6

Peter Lorens - 6 18 —

John Rutland - APPAREL, and sundry Articles, belonging to Passehgers: . 1 17 —

Mier Cohen Macnin m mm mm m mm m + 175 16 —

Mordecai Affirat - m mm — — m m m 91 8 —

Nino Affiayer - - ----- --- 48 8 —

Hafdy Coriatt - - - - 18 17 6

Abraham and Solomon Sebagh - 67 13 —

Abraham and David Pinto - - . ' - 76 1 —

Abraham and David Cohen 33 IS —

Bala Hojed - - - S8 4 —

Elbabet Boulal, and his Servant 133 17 6

£ S>°°7 3 4

Vol. 55.

6 M

5°2

8° Mail. 1800.

The AURORA. — CARGO.

CLAIMANTS.

MefTrs. Guidalla

Messrs. Guidalla for Elbabet Boulal.

Mafoud De Lavante -

Messrs. Puller

De la Cour and C"

Andrew Layton -

ARTICLES.

97 Bales of Calve Skins -

Duties ----- Shipping Charges -Warehouse, Brokerage, and Ordinary Average -

165 Bales of Goat Skins -

Duties -

Shipping Charges, Warehouse, Brokerage, and Ordinary Average -

20 Bags of Gum Arabic - - 7

20 Barrels of D° - - - - j

Royal and Petty Duty Bags, Barrels, Shipping Charges, Warehouse, Brokerage, and Ordinary Average -

32 Serons of Almonds -Royal and Petty Duty ShippingChargts, Warehouse, Brokerage, and Ordinary Average -

Premiums of Insurance -

1 Bag of Gum Arabic -Duties -

Bag, Shipping, Warehouse, and Ordinary Average -

32 Bales of Goat Skins -Duties -

Charges -

100 Bales of Goat Skins -Duties -Charges -Commission

Premiums of Insurance

So Bales of Goat Skins -Duties -

Charges -

Commission -

Premiums of Insurance -

40 Bales of Goat Skins -

Duties - -

Charges -

7 Serons of Gum Arabic Duties -

Charges -Commission -

3S Serons of Bitter Almonds -Duties -

Charges added in the next Article.

Carried over -

VALUE.

3S7 9 —

Si is 4

13 8 —

976

1.031 5 —

113 8 9

48 11 6

622 17 6

21 13 4

33 6 —

120 7 — 14 10 5

7 10 6

12 13 6

1 — 5

— 10 6

173 ——

20 ——

11 11 —

500 — — 68 15 — 24 12 — 26 15 6

4Qo ——

55 ——

19 14 —

21 8 6

250 ——

27 10 — 14 6 6

59 4 — 6 11 — 496 H 3

149 J3 —

16 5 —

- -

TOTAL of each Arii. ie.

TOTAL

of each Claimant.

£. s. d.

462 2 10

Di93 5 3

677 16 10

142 7 11

271 9 6

£ s. d.

14 4 5

204 11 —

620 2 6

42 2 6

496 2 6

56 2 —

291 16 6

72 8 9

165 18 —

530 3 ‘ 3

2,747 2 4

14 4 5

204 II —

662 5 " *

552 4 6

40 Geo. Ill

8° M

503

CL AIM ANTS.

An Jr ezv Lay ten — continued -

Campbell and

S. L.Benfu/an -

Cohen Mamin

Hadge Mohammed Mi/g-tal, or his Consignee.

VOL. 55.

The A U R O R A. — C ARGO.

ARTICLES.

Brought forward - -

aoo lb. Gum Ammoniac -

Duties -Charges -

Commission, i-jd for Mr. Layton -

Premiums of Insurance -

200 Bales of Goat Skins -

Duties - -

Charges -

Premiums of Insurance -

1,547 lb. Gum Sandrac -Duties. - -

Charges in la(i Article.

8471b. Gum Arabic - -

Duties -

1,061 lb. Bitter Almonds -

Duties -

4471b. Sweet Almonds -Duties -

3,8761b. Salt Pctre -

Duties -

25 Bales Hides - -

Duties -

Charges - -

501 Bales of Goat Skins -Duties -

Charges -

46 Bales of Calve Skins -

Duties -

Charges -

36 Barrels Gum Arabic -Duties -

Charges -

34 Serons of Sweet Almonds Duties -

Charges -

13 Serons of Bitter Almonds Duties -

Charges - -

Premiums of Insurance -

23 Bales of Goat Skins -

Duty 7 paid by and allowed to Charges 5 J. P. ,below.

1 Bale of Cow Hides -

Duty paid and allowed as above.

VALUE.

TOTAL of each Article.

s.

5 — —

— 7 n

l6 16 9

I 12

C250 -

137 10 —

72 18 9

46 8 6

7 3 4 '

58 1 6

3 18 4

20 9 6

2 >4 2

i I 17 6

1 2 6

116 5

28 8 9

75 3

16 17 6

27 4 —

3,006

344 8 9

>47 — —

202 - - —

46 5 10

18 — 9

5 4 13 —

34 18 9

,34 11 —

213 17 6

>7 16 3

>3 18 6

65 5 —

9 1 3

6 3 lOf

M3 >5

I 2 6

530 3 3

23 16 8

102 6 3

1,460 8 9

152 11 —

53 11 10 61 19 10

23 3 8

13 ——

144 13 9

119 4 6

TOTAL, of each Claimant.

£ s. d.

656 6 1

1,612 19 9

3,497 3 9 266 6 7 584 2 9

245 12 3

81 — H 701 5 —

143 15 ""

1 a 6

415 3 7

5 375 >5 51

144 17 6

8° Maii.

A. 1800

S°4

The aurgra.-cargo.

CLAIMANTS. ARTICLES. VALUE. TOTAL of each Article. TOTAL of each Claimant.

♦ £ s. d. £. s. d. L- d.

Mackarness - 5 Calks of Gum Arabic 33 4 9

Duties ----- 8 9 2-

' Charges in next Article. 141 13 11

27 Bales of Goat Skins - 168 15 —

Duties ----- 18 11 3

Charges ----- 19 11 7k

I Commission - - - - 4 7 3

211 5 ik

12 Serons Sweet Almonds 57 4

Duties 492

Charges underneath. 61 14 — |

2 Calks Gum Sandrac - 17 9 9

Duties 2 14 —

Charges underneath. 20 3 9

1 Calk Saharah Salt Petre 20 — 9

Duties ----- 5 16 lof -

25 J7 7 *

Charges ----- 93 n

100 Bales of - Goat Skins - 500 — —

Duties - - - 6 8 15 —

Charges - 24 12 —

Commission - 26 15 6

620 2 6

Premiums of Insurance - _ 238 18 3

' 1328 18 IO

7. P. Baldry - 23 Bales of Goat Skins - - - 143 15 —

Duties - - - 15 18 9

Charges - 6 16 —

l66 Q Q

Premiums of Insurance - - - l6

Duties, Charges, and Premiums of Insurance paid by

him, for Hodge Mohammed Mugtal, as above - 38 16 5

221 6 2

GENERAL RESULT.

v ojuv. vi vuip - o rr

Articles, belonging ta^the Crew and Passengers

The Cargo: %

Messrs. Guidalla

Messrs. Guidalla for Boulal

Mafoud Dt Lavante -Messrs. Puller - -

De La Cour and C° -Andrew Layton -

Campbell and Anderson -

S. L. Benfufan - -

Cohen Macnin - -

Hadge Mohammed Mugtal John Mackarness

J. P. Baldry - -

y r. </.

5,007 3 4

- 2>747 2 4

- H 4 5

- 204 11 —

- 662 5 —

m 55 4 6

- 656 6 2

- 1,612 9 9

- 415 3 7

- 5 375 5 . 5 *

m 144 17 6

- i,328 18 10

- 221 6 2

jC- 18,943 8 -4

Schedule

40 Geo. Ill *

8° Maiii-

Schedule (B.)

<i

THE MENTOR.

CLAIMANTS. Joseph Olive, Jun; - Value of the Ship - - - - £ 1,300

Freight, Primage, and Charges, as per Charter Party - 1,294 — —

Provisions and Wages of the Crew and Pilot, from 28th November 1799, when her Quarantine expired, to the 8th February 1800, when the Crew were ultimately discharged from Quarantine; Mailer's Wages, at £. 10 per Month 24

Mate's - - D° — - 4 per Day - - - 14 8 —

8 Seamen 3 s. per Day - 86 8 —

Provisions - - 122 6 —

Pilot's Wages, at $s.per Day - 16 15 —

Pilotage to the Place of sinking - 6 6 —

tV. Blacky Mate -John Miles, - APPAREL, and sundry Articles, belonging to the Crew: No Claim received. 9

Andrew Leijhwan - - 'V' ----- -- 8 10 —

Knul K'lemmenfen - 5 10 6

Charles Enjish - 5 5 6

Samuel Ennear - 5 7 6

Lazarus Pcye - — -i a. — — w 5 3 6

John Cary, for himself. Wife, and Child - - 22 11 6

/f'. Montgomery - 5 11 —

M. Cohen de Lara, for himself and Wife APPAREL, and sundry Articles, belonging to the Passengers: 481 8 " *

141 a 8

IQ 17 —

41 7 —

£ 3,61517 2

CARGO.

CLAIMANTS.

Andrew Layton

N. B. In the Allowance to Joseph Olive, Jun. for Charges on the Charter Party, is included a Sum of j£ 45» due from Court and Co. for Demurrage, for which they gave him a Draft on Mr. Andrew Lay ton, which not being honoured '

ARTICLES. VALUE. TOTAL of each Article. TOTAL of each Claimant.

£. s. d. £. s. d. £. S» da

50 Bales of Goat Skins - 312 IO —

Duties - - - 6 17 6

3 9 7 6

14 Bales of Cow Hides - 66 — 9

Duties - 14 8 9

Charges on both - 24 — 9

104 10 3

30 Serons of Bitter Almonds - 146 6 9 1

Duties 16 14 7

Charges - 16 11 3

Commission - 4 9 9

C OO m *

175 Bales of Goat Skins - 876

Duties - - - - 122 18 6

Charges -- - - 53 9 —

Commission 52 12 6

T, T05 — — -

Carried over 1,713 — 1

Vol. 55-

6 N

So 6

8° Ma

A. 1800.

The MENTO R. — CARGO.

CLAIMANTS. ARTICLES. VALUE.

£. s. d.

Andrew Layton — conti- Brought over - - .

mied - - - - 135 Bales of Goat Skins - - - 548 8 9

Duties - - 9 6 3 6

nourcd by him, and the Charges in next Article.

Amount not being allow- 10 3Bales of Calve Skins - - 3H 16 9

cd to MifTrs. Court and Duties - - 71 16 6

Co. is deducted from their Charges - - 56 12 4,

Statement of their Con- Premiums of Insurance - .

fig run 7 nt to Mr. Layton on

their own Account. Deduct as per Margin - -

Campbell and Co. 18 Calks of Gum Sandrac - - -39 l9 6

Duties - - 31 10

Charges in next Article.

34 Serons of Sweet Almonds - - 173 7 r- -

Duties - - 14 10 —

Charges - - 42 8 3

Premiums of Insurance - - - .

Pollard and Cooper - 33 Calks of Salt Petre - - 919 5 3

24 Mats, and 10 Serons of Pomegra-

nate Skins - - 67 13 6

Duties - 15 I I 8

Charges in next Article.

N. B. In the Allowance 127 Bales of Cow Hides - - 5T3 12 _

to O'.i-ve, Jun. for Charges Duties - - - 108 l8 9

on the Charter Party, is Charges - 63 I 2 — rr

also included a Sum of 230 Bales of Goat Skins - - ' 939 7 6

£.33. 11/. agreed to be Duties - - - - 180 5 3

Charges underneath.

p-id by MeiTrs. Court, for

cancelling a former Po'icy 10 Serons of Almonds - - 34 I —

Duties - 4 IO!

of Insurance, which not Charges underneath. J

being allowed to them Barrels of Gum A rabic - - . 48 12 -j

is deduced from this Con- 8 D' - - - - Sandrac - 37 12

signment of theirs to Duties - - - m 9 IO —

Mcflrs. Pollnd and Coctcr. Charges - - 65 l9 3

I on their own AecouDt. Commission - - - - 65 4 3

Premiums of Insurance - -

Deduct, as Margin -

Reeve and Green 41 Bales of Goat Skins - 256 5

Duties - - - 28 3 9

Charges - - - - >4 13 9

Premiums of Insurance - -

John Mackary.efs 34 Bales of Goat Skins - _ 212 10

Duties - - 3 7 6

Charges - - - - 12 3 9

Commission allowed - 3 2 ii‘

Carried forward - - - £

TOTAL of each Article.

£ j. d. h7 3 — 1

644 12 3

443 5 71

45° 3 6

271 — 4

230 15 3

90 5"

9T9 >5 3

83 5 2

6S6 c 9 i, 119 12 9

39 5 10 $

TOTAL of each Claimant.'

£ . d.

3>25 5 *

45 ——

3,206 1 5 {-

592 — 7

226 17 6

840 10 7

299 2 6

45 7 7

251 3 aJ

25 3 4l

3,915 9 10 £

33 11 —

3,881 18 10 £

344 IO I

40 Geo. III.

8° Mail

507

The MENTOR.-CARGO.

CLAIMANTS.

ARTICLES.

VALUE.

TOTAL of each Article.

TOTAL of each Claimant.

John Mackarness — continued - -

Be Lara -

Brought over

4 Casks of Salt Petre -Duties - -

Charges underneath.

8 Calks of Gum Sandrac Duties

Charges underneath.

10 Serons of Sweet Almonds Duties -

Charges underneath.

2 Serons of Bitter Almonds Duties -

Charges underneath.

ao Bales of Cow Hides -Duties - -

Charges underneath.

8 Serons of Wormfeed -Duties -Charges -f of Commission

s. </. I- s. d.

- 251 3 4 *

43 H —

16 15 5 60 9 5

IT4 — —

>3 6 8 127 6 8

77 7 .6

5 , 5 5 82 12 11

8 8 3

— 18 4

78 2 if

10 10 10

4 19 if

I TO ---

36 11 6

5 6 3

100 Bales of Goat Skins - _ coo

Duties - - 69 c

Charges - - 24 J 12

Commission - - 26 »5 6

27 Serons of Sweet Almonds _ 98 5 9

Duties - . 9 7 6

Charges - - - 7 ,7 —

Commission - - 2 >7 6

10 Serons of Bitter Almonds _ m 27 16 6

Duties - - - 4 3 6

Charges - - - 2 9 3

Commission - - — 17 3

5 Serons of Gum Arabic _ 55 — —

Duties - - - 5 — —

Charges - - - 2 18 9

Commission - - 1 I I 6

Premiums of Insurance - -

3 Bundles of Oltrich Feathers

967

94 12 nf

48 6 jof

6 20 12 6

"7 17 9

35 6 6

64 10 3

258 11 .9

78 7 6

jr. s. d.

1,770 17 6

78 7 6

GENERAL RESULT.

Value of the Ship, &c. — Freight — Apparel, and sundry other £ s-

Arcicles, belonging to the Crew and Passengers -

The Cargo:

Andrew

Campbell and Co. Pollard and Cooper Reeve and Green -Mackarness Be Lara -

- 3>° 5 7

- 3,206 1 5I

- 592 — 7

- 3,881 18 10!-

344 10 1

- 1,770 17 6

78 7 6

I- 1.M89 2

V o l . 5 5 *

508

A. 1800

8° Mail

Schedule (C.)

THE LARK.

CLAIMANTS.

Reeve and Green, and -

John Plumb Baldry, Matter

- - D°....

John Sloman, Mate -

Thomas Majlin, Seaman -Robert Piper, - - D° -Thomas Rowe, - - D°

Matthew Ludwick, D® -B. Rodgers, Boy -John Lewis, Carpenter -T he Representatives of Matthew Gray, on Behalf of the late Matter

Value of the Ship ——

Freight, as per Invoice ——

Provisions and Wages of the Crew and Pilot, from tft December 1799, when the Quarantine expired, to 8th February 1800, when the Crew were ultimately dischargedj viz.

Matter's Wages, at £. 10. per Month

Mate's - D° - - 4 Day -Carpenter's D® - - 3 . Day

5 Seamen - - - 3 per Day -

Pilot's - D® - - 5 sper Day - - -Provisions ——

Pilotage to Place of sinking - -

Provisions funk in the Ship -

Expences attending the Ship during Quarantine -

AP P A R E L, and sundry Articles, belonging to the

Crew:

Advanced by him to John Lewis, Carpenter, for Tools -

y

C d,

1,200 ——

781 5 —

23 ——

13 16 — 12 16 8 52 10 4

i7 5 ~ 119 8 —

6 6 — 17 12 — 8 3 7

143 11 3

6 1 6

32 2 6

8 17 6 746 5 12"

1256 2 11 —

9 15 —

21 -

2, co 1 3 4

CARGO.

CLAIMANTS. ARTICLES. VALUE. TOTAL of each Article. TOTAL of each Claimant.

£. s. d. £ J. d. £. . d.

Andrew Layton - - 8.8 Bales of Goat Skins - 264

Duties - - - 60 10 —

Charges in next Article. 324 IO —

4 Bales of Calve Skins 11 7 6

Duties - 446

Charges - - - 17 15 6 -

Commission - - - - 17 19 — 51 6 6

6 Bales of Goat Skins - 18

Duties - 4 4 —

Charges in next Article. 22 4 —

18 Bales Calve Skins 30 7 6

Duties ----.- 11 16 9I

Charges - - - - 10 6 9

Commission - 4 5 9

64 16 9!

Carried over - - - £ 462 17 3f

The

4o Geo. lit. 88 Mali.. $6$

The LAftK.-CARGO.

CLAIMANTS.

m i»Ai

ufatdrew Layton, continued - -

Vol. 5$.

ARTICLES.

Messrs. Guidalla - -

Brought forward -11 Serons of Bitter Almonds Duties below.

3 Serons of Sweet Almonds Duties below.

3 Calks of Gpm SandraC

Dudes below.

5 Calks of Olive Oil Duties below.

2 Serons of Bees Wax Duties below.

4 Bales of Goat Skins -

Duties below.

I Bale of Calve Skins -Dudes below.

23 Bales of Pomegranates Duties below.

4 Mats of Wormfeed -Duties -

Charges - -

CommilBon.

.38 Serons of Wax

Dudes -

Charges below.

9 Bales of Cow Hides -Dudes -Charges -

CommilBon —

9 Serons of Wax -

Duties - -

Charges -CommilBon

106 Serons of Wax Duties -

Charges -

Premiums of Insurance -

26 Bales of Goat Skins -10 Bales of larger -

Dudes -

Charges - -

22 Serons of Bitter Almonds Duties

Charges - - 1 -

6 Bales of Goat Skins -Duties -

Charges.

Premiums of Insurance -

VALUE.

TOTAL j TOTAL of each Article. of each Claimant.

iC d»

b as

49 3 9

22 11 2

25 14 9

34 — 7£

182 —

18 ——

£. s. d. 462 17 3f|

49 3 9' 22 41 2 25 14 9

34 — 7 *

18 2 —

i« ——

2 — if

35 J3 7 *

4 13 7i 47 16 iof| 3° 8 8 11 -

373 19 — 176 15 —

264 8 —

50 6 3 4 5 7i|

31 7 6

72---

34----

456 2 18 6

i»i3° 3 4 *

534 8 4 102 — 3 —

143 ——

62 .10 — - 14 »S —

135 3

- 81 7 9

- 9 14 2

« 5 1 iof

96 3 91

— 37 10 —

- 426

at 15 3

43 7 9

£. s. d>

2 —

if

35 i3

91 9 7 550 14 —

387 7 4 *

113 4 —

1,767 4 8f

172 6 8

44 1 —

3,750 9 6

418 14 9f

6 O

510 8° Mail. A. 1800;

The LARK.^CAftGO.

CLAIMANTS.

De la Ceur and Co.

Reeve and Green

John Mackarness -

J-P.Baldry -

ARTICLES.

20 Bales of Goat Skins -Duties

Charges - - - -4

Comnpiflion , - +

i. Premiums of Insurance *

1 Calk of Gum > <-

Duties -

Charges follow.

52 Bales of Goat Skins -Duties -Charges - -

Premiums of Insurance -

36 Bales of Goat Skins -Duties -Chargps - -

£ Commission -

2 Bales of Goat Skins -

Duties -

Charges -

Commission' -

Premiums of Insurance -

35 Bales of Goat Skins -Duties -

Charges - -

59 Bales of Goat Skins -295 Doz. at 63 per Doz. Duties -Charges *

Premiums of Insurance -

Sundry Goods,

VALUE.

f. s. d. 10© — '.A- 3 5 —

4 18 —

5 7 —

15 2 6 1 —

325 ——

35 15 — 27 15 1of

225 — —

21 ——

12 17 9

3 5 9

13 ——

3 4

— 16 6

— 7 7\

218 15 —

24 1 3

10 6 —

TOTAL of each Article.

TOTAL of each Claimant.

C‘ d.

124 ——

22 9 9

16

388 10 io| 60 19 3

262 3 6

15 7 5i 36 17 —

464 12 4

40 11 3

21 13 9

253 2 3

526 17 4

37 »2 3

' , GENERJL

Value of the Ship, &c. — Freight — Apparel, and lundry

Articles belonging to the Crew - - - 2,501 3 4

The Cargo:

-- Andrew Layton ----- -- 3,750 9 6-

Messrs. Guidalla ----- -- 418 14 9I

De la Courand Co. - - - - 146 9 9

Reeve Green - 465 12 7!

John Mackarness - 314 7 nf

J.P.Baldry - ~ - - - 977 11 10

I. 8,574 9 10

GENERAL RESULT OF THE WHOLE.

-- £ s. d.

The Aurora - - - ». ‘ - 18,943 — - £

The Mentor ----- --- 13,489 13 2

The Lark - - - - 8,574 9 10

£. 41,007 11 — £

/£ d.

M 9 9

465 12 7

3i4 7 11'

817 11 10 160 — —

977 11 10

O:\lereJ,

King's Con-lent to Newton Bromfhold llicloiure Bill *

Huddersfield Canal Bill, re-committed.

Vagrant Bill reported *

Motion re-lpecting the War.

Neg.

40 Geo. III.

511

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a J^umber of Copies of the said Report and Appendix be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Notice being taken that His Majesty's Interest (in Right of His Duchy of Lancaster) is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Newton in the County of Northampton, and also such of the Open Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Higham Ferrers, in the said County of Northampton, as

are called or known by the Names of The BvJ'cotts and No Man's Leys; which Bill was, upon Monday last, reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think lit.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Huddersfield Canal Company to finish and complete the Huddersfield Canal, and, for amending the Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Huddersfield Canal, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are nepeflary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be rc-cotnmitted to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to amend and make more effectual " the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other " idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houses of Correction," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The House was moved, That His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 20th Day of November, in the last Session of Parliament, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 24th Day of September lassi might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 19th Day of April 1689, of the Report which was made from the Committee appointed to prepare an Address upon the Debate to repre-ient to His Majesty, that, if he shall think fit to enter into a War against France, the House will give Him all such Assistance, in a Parliamentary Way, as shall enable Him to support and go through the fame, might be read.

Vol. $.$,

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That an humble Addjrefs be presented to His Majesty, . earnestly imploring His Majesty, that, taking into His Royal Consideration the heavy and unusual Burthens, and the unprecedented and inquisitorial System of Taxation, brought upon His loyal and affectionate People by the present calamitous War He will be graciously; pleased to attend to the humble Prayer and Advice of His faithful Commons, that the present War with the Republic of France may no longer be carried on for the unjust and irnprafticable Purpol'e of restoring the House of Bourbon and the ancient Government of France; and that His Majesty will be graciously pleased no longer to Hften to those Ministers, by whose Councils His Majesty has refused to treat with the existing Government of France, but to declare Himself willing to entef upon an immediate Negociation with the Enemy, for the Purpose of effecting a l'afe and honourable Peace, and restoring the Tranquillity of Europe;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

'(Mr. Hobhouse: 5

Tellers for the Noes JThe Lord ,)

1 eii.rs for the in oes,| Mf Rl^rd. }

So it passed in the Negative.

Tellers for the Yeas,|^‘ 2?"'

S'li

8.

- 59-

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Dearne and Reading of the Bill (now ingossed) to enable the Dearne and Dove Canal Company to finish and complete the said Canal, and the several Collateral Cuts branching therefrom; and for explaining, amending, and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and for increasing the Tolls thereby granted;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Bill (now ingrafted) to confirm an Agreement Duke of Rich, entered into between the Commissioners of His Ma- mond s Agree-jesty's Treasury and the most Noble Charles Duke of fitted. Richmond, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Commissioners of the " Treasury to contract with the most Noble Charles " Duke of Richmond for the absolute Purchase of the " Property of the said Duke, and of all others interested " in a certain Duty of Twelve Pence per Chaldron on " Coals shipped in the River Tyne, to be confirmed in " England, and to grant a Comjienlation for the fame,

" by Way of Annuity, payable out of the Conl'olidated /

" Fund," was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be, An Act to confirm an Agreement entered into between the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury and the most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable " the Commissioners of the Treasury to contract with " the most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond for the absolute Purclufe of the Property of the said Duke, and " of all others interested in a certain Duty of Twelve " Pence per Chaldron on Coals shipped in the River " Tyne, to be consumed in England, and to grant a

" Compensation for the fame, by Way of Annuity, payable out of the Conl'olidated Fund."

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for granting certain Allow- Militia Oft. ances to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants of Militia, disembodied, under an Act of this Session of passed. Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to accept the Services of an additional Number

" «of

by

Committee on Report of E xpiring Laws.

Rocester Inclosure Bill, presented#

Jrer Inclosure Bill, comrait-ccd.

Warminster Roads Bill, presented.

512 8° — 90 Mali. 1 Boo.

" of Volunteers from the Militia, under certain Restric- therein mentioned} And the same Was received; and " tions," was; according to Order, read the Third read the First Tltrie;

Time. , That the Bill be read a Second 't'ime<

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting, until the Twenty-fifth Day of Mr. Shaw Lefevre reported from the Committee, to March One thousand Eight hundred and One, certain whom the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors Allowances to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants of thfc Oakham Canal to raise Money for completing the of Militia, disembodied, under an Act of this Sef- said Canal, and also for altering and amending an Act, fion of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His Majesty to accept the Services of an additional Num- present Majesty, for making the said Canal, was'eom- ber of Volunteers from the Militia, under certain Re- mitted; That the Committee had examined the Allestrictions." gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and

Ordered, That Mr. Rragge do carry the Bill to the that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and Lords, and desire their Concurrence. made several Amendments thereunto, which they had

directed him to report: to the House; and he read the The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Re- with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where port which was made from the Committee appointed to the Report was read.

esquire what Public General Laws have expired within , That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Twelve Months preceding the Commencement of the

present Session of Parliament; and also, what Laws are Mr. William according to Order, reported

about to expire within Twelve Months subsequent to from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the the Commencement of the present Session, or in the Bill to amend, and make perpetual, an Act, made in the Course of the next Session, or at the End thereof, and to Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, report the fame, from Time to Time, to the House, with intituled, "An Act for the more easy and expeditious Re-their Opinion which of them are fit to be Tevived, con- " covery of Small Debts, and determining Small Causes tinued, or made perpetual. " arising out of Personal Contraft or Obligation, in that

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. " Part of Great Britain called ," was commit-

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee. ted, the Amendments which the Committee had made

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had di- afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in rested him to report, when the House will please to re- at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were ceive the fame. Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow by One; and, upon the Question severally put there-Morning. upon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Lord Granville Leveson Gower presented to the House, ingossed. according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time doling, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be Parish of Rocejl'er, and in the Township of Denston, then ingossed.

within the Parishes of Rocester aforesaid, and Alveton,

in the County of Stafford: And the same was received; Mr. Buxton reported from the Committee, to whom and read the First Time. the Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. the Open and Common Lands and Grounds within the

Parish of Shalbovrn, in the Counties of Wilts and Berks, And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow was committed; That the Committee had examined, Morning, Ten of the Clock. and found that the Standing Orders of the House, rela-

tive to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were

ABI L L for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One Open Common Fields, Lammas Lands, Com- by One; and, upon the Question severally put there -mons. Heaths, Moors, and Waste Lands, within the upon, were agreed to by the House.

Parish of Tver, in the County of Buckingham, was read a Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Second Time ingossed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Young, the Earl Temple, &c.: And they are to meet this An ingossed Bill for the better Relief and Employ-Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham- ment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint John, ber. s in the County of Middlesex, was read the Third Time.

' Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Mr. Gore Langton presented to the House, according be, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Poor of the Parish of John, Hampstead, in the an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of His present County of Middlesex.

Majesty's Reign, for amending and keeping in Repair . Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

the Road from the Town of Warminster, in the County the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, of Wilts, to a Place where the Roads to Bath and Bristol

divide, and from the Town of Frame to the Town of A Petition of the Commissioners acting under the Beckington, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads Authority of an Act for paving the Parish of Paul ShadweV,

Vieneris, 9 Maii;

Anno 40 Georgii I1I, U Regis, 1800. Prayers.

Oakham Canal Bill, reported a

Scotch Small Debts Bill, reported.

Sha.boom DL v-fion and Allotment Bill, reported.

Hampstead Poor Bill, passed.

Petition from Shadwell again It London Docks,

&c. Bill.

t

Petition of Owners of Kit a res, against Iver Inclosure Bill,

Newton T»rom-

fr'dd Inclosure Bil!, pa fled.

40 Geo. III. o° Mail. 513

Skadwell, in the County of the Trustees act-

ing under the Authority of an Act for watching, lighting, and cleansing the said Parish, and of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Committee Men, of the said Parish, acting under, and by virtue of, an Act for maintaining and employing the Poor of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Tak-ing Notice of the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London; and Setting forth. That in putting the said Act in Execution, the Petitioners find it will be necessary to take down a considerable Number of Houses situate in the said Parish, which are subject to the Payment of the Rates collected under the Authority of the said several Acts, and the Ground whereon the same Hand will be used for the Purposes of the Dock and Improvements intended to be eftefted by the said Bill; and that the taking down of the said Houses will occasion a considerable Diminution in the Produce of the Rate to be collected under the Acts, and the Burthen will be consequently increased on the other Inhabitants of the said Parish: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for indemnifying the Petitioners for the Injury they may sustain in Manner aforesaid, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall l'eem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further Consideration.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of Estates within the Parish of Iver, in the County of Buckingham, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and incIdling, the Open Common Fields, Lammas Lands, Commons, Heaths, Moors, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Iver, in the County of Buckingham; and Setting forth,

That, if the said Bill should pals into a Law as it now Rands, the Petitioners conceive their Rights and Inte-relts will lie very materially injured: And therefore praying, That they may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, agauilt such Parts of the said Bill as affect their Rights and Interests, and that they may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall l'eem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counicl, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the fit id Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Bromflwld, in the County of Northampton, and also such of the Open Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of High am Ferrers, in the said County of Northampton, as are called or known by the Names of the Bufcotts and No Mans Leys, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act; for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Hands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of firowjhold, in the County of Northampton, and also such of the Open Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of High am Ferrers, in the said County Vol. 55.

of Northampton, as are called dr known by the Names of The Bufcotts and No Man s Leys.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickins do carry the Bill to the

Ldrds, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Resolutions reflecting an Union between Great Britain and Ireland, communicated to their Lordships by this House at a Conference on last, be

now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into further Consideration.

And the said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a MefTage be lent to the Lords, to acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships to the said Resolutions. '

Ordered, That Mr. Braggs do carry the said MefTage.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and^ in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to in the County of Flint, was read the Third Time.

RcJ'olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for corttinuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, palfed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening,- and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the County of Flint.

Ordered, That Mr. Patten do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Notice being taken that His Majesty's Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Fen Grounds, and Waste Lands, within the Barish of Brooke, in the county of ; which Bill was,

upon the ift Day of this Instant reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Mr. Metcalfe of Abingdon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Waste and Down Ground, within the Parish or Township of Sparfholt, in the County of Berks, and within the Hamlet of Wcjlcote, in the same Parish and County: And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Carrs, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Wrawby-cum-Brigg, in the County of Lin-

coln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and indofine, the Open

6 P A Fields,

Lords ArrHnd-nienfs to Ke-foltnions rejecting the Union, agreed to.

Wrexham and Pentre Bridge Ronds Bill, passed.

King's Consent to Brooke'-Indofure Bill *

Sparlholt In-ciofure Bill, presented.

Wrawbv Tn-

clofiP-eBm,

passed.

A \ 1800.

Enflnm Inclosure B'!!, it -p -1 tei, and re-CO.UlLiltul.

Brooke Inclosure Bill, pal-fed.

Sernfe's Eihte Bill, commit-ltd.

Clalgow Police Bill, COltt-nutted.

Ab £ fdeen Roads iSill, fcpt>i l«d.

5H

9 Mail.

Field?, Meadows, Paftur:?, Moors, Carrs, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Wrawby-cum-Brigg, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Tyner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. John Fane reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, and a Trad of Heath Land, within the Pari ill of in

the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that Several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill j Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Fen Grounds, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Brooke, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Fen Grounds, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of , in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Act ley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Trustees to enfrandhife Copyhold Messuages or Tenements in the Manor of in the County of Sussex, and to grant Leases of certain other Tenements within the said Manor, devised by the Will of the late Charles Scrafe, Esquire, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Rfoh/ed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shaw Lefevre,- Mr. Ellison, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for extending the Royalty of the City of Glasgow over certain adjacent Lands; for paving, lighting, and cleansing the Streets; for regulating the Police, and appointing an Intendent thereof, and Watchmen; for dividing the City into Wards, and appointing Superintendents} and for raising Funds, and giving certain Powers to the Magistrates, and Council and Town and Dean of Guild Courts, for the above nd other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. MDowall, Mr. Ferguson, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Ferguson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Aberdeen," and for the more effectually amending, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, and other Roads, in the said County, and for levying a Conversion Money in lieu of the Statute Labour, and otherwise regulating the making and repairing jthe High ,9

Roads aftd Bridges In the said County, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true} and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table 1 Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That His Majesty has appointed this Day, at Half past Three o'Clock, to be attended with the Address of both Houses of Parliament, at His Palace of Saint James: And that their Lordships have ordered the Lord Steward of His Majesty's Household, and the Lord Walsingham, to attend His Majesty therewith, on the Part of the Lords, and do desire this House to appoint a proportionable Number of their Members to go with them.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That Four Members of this House do go with the Lords mentioned in the said Message, to attend His Majesty with the said Address.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War, the Lord Hatvkefbtiry, Mr. Ryder, and Mr. Douglas, do go with the Lords, mentioned in the said Message, to attend His Majesty with the said Address.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then they again withdrew.

The King appoints to bt attended with the Address of both Houses,

House appoints Four-Members to attend His Majestjr.

Mr. Pierrepont prefenled to the House, according to Orduii incto Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Pr *

Open Fields, Meadow, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Ordfall, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thir- Southampton ty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for "nfnjlu" making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the paired. Town and County of the Town of Southampton to the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Towrn and County of the Town of Southampton to the City of Sarum, in tlw County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. George Henry Rose do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Half Horsford, Sre. Year or Shack Lands, Warrens, Commons, Heaths, committed^'11' Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Horsford, Horsham Saint Faith's, and Hamlet of Newton Saint Faith's, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Sib'thorp,&c. :And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Ferguson reported from the Committee; to whom Perth Road; the Bill for enlarging the Powers of so much of Two Bill» reP°rte Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and repairing.

D ized by

40 Geo. Ill o° Mail Jig

pairing certain Roads in the County of Perth, as relates to the Road from Perth to Cupar, or the Neighbourhood thereof, towards Glamnus> as far as the Confines of the said County, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One ,by One; and, upon the Question severally' put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grofied.

lelctfter and Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp reported from the Com-br'yNaWgal to whom the Bill for enabling the Company of

tion re-com- Proprietors of the Navigation from the Naviga-

iwoftLf111 'on to Mellon Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to complete their Navigation, and to discharge the Debts con traded by them in the making thereof, and for amending the Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Navigation, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

OroBon, fcc. Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom «jwted! the Bill for draining, improving, and preserving, the Low Lands and Grounds, within the Townships of Crof-ton, MawdeJIey, Rufford, ‘Parlet on, and Bre-

ther ton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool; and also, the Petition of Charles Bromjteld, of Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, Merchant; and also, the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Preston, in the County of Lan-tqfier, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel on Behalf of the first and second mentioned Petitions, and had considered the last mentioned Petition, and had also heard Counsel in Support of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Land of the Annual Value of £.343. u. 10 d.who refused to sign the Bill; and also the Proprietors of Land of the Annual Value of £.12,1. 6s. 10 d. who were neuter; and that the Whole of the Land belonging to Persons interested in the Drainage is of the Annual Value of £.3,606. for. jd.); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bilk, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a. Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed, to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

pevrv and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bni'^MdThe Reading of the ingrossed Bill, to enable the Dearne and Third Tune. Dove Canal Company to finish and complete the said Canal, and the several Collateral Cuts branching therefrom; and for explaining, amending, and enlarging, the Vox.. 55.

Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and for in creasing the Tolls thereby granted, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to thd Bill, by Way of Ryder, for inverting Money paid for the Purchase of Land, belonging to Persons under any Disability, where it exceeds Two Hundred Pounds.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for the like Purpose, where the Purchase Money is between Twenty Pounds and Two Hundred Pounds.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for the like Purpose, where the Purchase Money is less than Twenty Pounds.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder. (

Ordered, That the further Proceeding upon the Third "

Reading of the said Bill be adjourned till after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day.

A Bill for making perpetual so much of an Act, made Glafc, Lineni, in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing the Duties on Glass, as was to continue in Force for a limited Time; and to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign *

Raw Linen Yarns, made of Flax; to the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; to the encouraging the Manufacture of Sail

Cloth, and securing the Duties on Foreign Sail Cloth imported; to the securing the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails with a Duty; to the regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs, and of the Naval Officers in the British Colonies in America, and of the Officers of the Customs in the Island of Newfoundland; and to the landing Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties of Excise, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Report <&

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Expiring to consider of the Report, which was made from the aws Committee appointed to enquire what Public General Laws have expired within Twelve Months preceding the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament; and also, what Laws are about to expire within Twelve Months subsequent to the Commencement of the present Session, or in the Course of the next Session, or at the End thereof; and to report the fame, from Time to Time, to the House, with, their Opinion which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,.

" An Act to amend and render more effectual the several " Laws now in Force for encouraging the Fisheries car-

ried

InstrulHon,

Su^ar nr.d Cortce Duties Bill, prcl'c.ited *

House resolves to adjoin n to Monday.

Supply, defined.

Mr u»s, deferred.

Committee on F.-pent upon General H :^h« way., See,

Aa *

5l6

9° — ia° Mail.

A. 1800.

1‘ ried on at KiufounJland, and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the Dominions in

" Ewopc, and for granting Bounties, for a limited Time, " on certain Terms and Conditions," as relates to the Bounties thereby granted, which was to continue in Force for the Term of Ten Years from the ift Day of January 1787, and which was revived and further continued by Two Acts, made in the Thirty-seventh and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, until the ill Day of January 1801, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the further Support and Encouragement of the Fish-

eries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's " S freights," which was to be in Force for Five Years,

from the 25th Day of December 1786; and also, so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for further encouraging and regulating the " land, Greenland, and Southern Whale Fisheries;" as

relates to the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, which, by an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, were amended and continued until the 25th Day of December 1798, and which were, by Two other Acts, made in the Thirty-eighth and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued until the 25th Day of December 1800, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the last mentioned Bill is committed, that they do make Provision therein, pursuant to the said Resolutions.

Mr. Rcfe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to repeal the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, granted by an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing Bri-tijliPlantation Sugar to be warehoused; for reviving so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the Average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation thereof; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received $ and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, ,be now read.

And the said Older being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this Floufe will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

Anil the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee olthe whole House, to

consider further of the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of levera! Acts, made in the Thirteenth and Thirty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, respecting the Public Highways; and also, of another Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating Turnpike Roads iri that Part of Great Britain called England, and to report their Observations, together with their Opinion thereupon, to thq House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Buxton took the Chair of the Committee.

And it appearing, upon a Division in the Committee that Forty Members were riot present j

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And the House being told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present; and it, being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luncet 120 Mali;

Anno 40° Georgii IIP' Regis, 1800. Prayers.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Popharn:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Powers of the Directors and Guardians of the Poor within the several Hundreds, Towns, and Dif-triels, in that Part of Great Britain called England, incorporated by divers Acts of Parliament, for the Purpose of the better Maintenance and Employment of the Poor, as to the Assessments to be made upon tlye several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, therein mentioned, until the First Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and Two; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of Moreton, and divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Moreton, in the County of Stafford, deviled by the Will of Sir William Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for the Application of the Money to arile from such Sale, and for other Purposes; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lords have agreed t»

Poor Incorpq ration Bill.

The LonTt

have paired Sir William Wolfeley's Estate BiiU

A Bill for better enabling the Company of Proprietors Lancaster of the Lancaster Canal Navigation to complete the same. Canal Bill,

j e 1 t>- 0 committed,

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Black-burne of Eancashire, Mr. Stanley, See: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Shalboum Dl-Severalty, the Open and Common Lands and Grounds lllon an.f within the Parish of Shalboum, in the Counties of Wilts pViftd?1 and Berks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Shalboum, in the Counties of and Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Buxton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered *

Huddersfield Canal re committed Bill, reported.

Bitkin Drainage and Inclo» sure Petition, reported *

Thurstonland Inclosure Bill, presented *

Pigot's Lottery Bill, presented.

40 Geo. III. i 26 Maii517

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lafcelks do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Huddersfield Canal Company to finish and complete the Huddersfield Canal, and for amending the Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Huddersfield Canal, was re-committed.

Mr. Henry Lascelles accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be

then ingrafted.

Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Reverend George Alderson, Rector of the Parish of Birki in the West Riding of the County of York, and of the several other Persons there-undersigned. Proprietors of Estates within the Township of Birkin, having Right of Common upon the Commons and Waste Jl.ands within the said Township, on Behalf of themselves and the other Proprietors of Estates within the said Township, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure and Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was readj and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas William Tottie, being examined, said, That there

are within the said Township certain Commons and Waste Lands, which are capable of much Improvement by Drainage and Inclosure, but, in their present uncultivated State, are of little Value: and that it would be a great Advantage if the same were drained and inclosed, and an additional Benefit to the Proprietors of Estates, within the said Township, if their Estates were exonerated from Tythes, and full Compensation made for the fame, and also, if proper Powers were given to drain and improve such Estates: That there are within the said Township certain Embankments, which would be of much greater Utility if the same were raised and repaired, and Provisions for upholding them in future.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, draining, and improving the Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and for draining, embanking, and improving, other Lands, within the Township of Birkin, in the Parish of Birkin, in the West Riding of the County of York: And that Mr. Henry Lascelles and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Township of Thursionlatid, in the Parish of Kirk-burton, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Monckton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable Sir George Bigot, Baronet, Margaret Fisher, and Frances Pigot, to dispose of a Diamond

Vol. 55.

by a Lottery: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Charles Yorke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, Two Acts, made'in (lie Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, between the Cam, otherwise Grant, Ouse, and Mildenhall

Rivers, and bounded on the South East by the Hard Lands of Ifieham, Fordham, , and; and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs^ and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands within the said Limits, commonly called Invested Lands', and for laying certain Rates on Vessels navigated upon the said Rivers, towards suppofting the Banks thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Gilbert Heathcote reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Failure, Waste, and other Un-inclosed Lands and Grounds, in the Parish or Lord-' ship of Barholm, in the County of Lincoln, and also, certain Intercommon Fields belonging to the Hamlet of Slow and Parish of Barholm, in the said County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned, had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for the repairing the Parish Church of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bram fion, Mr. Strutt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, proceed further upon the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill to enable the Dearne and Dove Canal Company to finish and complete the said Canal, and the several Collateral Cuts branching therefrom; and for explaining, amending, and enlarging, the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and for increasing the Tolls thereby granted.

The House accordingly resumed the further Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the said Bill.

And the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 7. After Proprietors" to insert " or

" by the Admission of new Subscribets."

1. 14. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " in" in Line 16.

I. 20. After " Canal" to insert " at the " Election of the said Company 6 Q or

-by

GoO£ 2

Ely (Middle Fen) Drainage Bill, presented.

Barholm Inclosure Bui, reported.

Chelmsford Church Bill, committed.

Dearne 2nd Dove Canal Bill, pa&d.

12° M.

A. 1800.

" or their Committee, in Manner herein after directed."

Pr. $. l.ult. To leave out from " Subscription" to " the" in Pr. 6. J.4. and insert " either amongst the present Proprietors, or by the Admission " of new Subscribers," instead thereof.

Pr. 12. 1. 4.1 After " Undertaking" to insert " for

and > " which such Person or Persons

5. J " shall have subscribed."

1.10. After " Money" to insert " to h>e " called for by the First Call " under this Act."

Pr. 19. 1. 16. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " And whereas" in Press 23. 1. 14.

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the Deame and Canal Company to finish and complete the said Canal, and the several Collateral Cuts branching therefrom; and for explaining, amending, and enlarging, the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and for increasing the Tolls thereby granted.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

petition reia- Mr. Knight reported from the Committee, to whom t^ie Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are amd PrtSeigne, thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two &c. Roads, re- Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, repairing, and widening, the Roads leading from the , in the

" Parish of Yarpole, in the County of Hereford, to " Prejleigne, in the County of Radnor, and from thence " to Leintwardine, and from Prejleigne aforesaid, to the " Top of Traphill, and from the Ryeway aforesaid, by " The Maidenhead, to Wooferton, in the County of " Salop," and the other passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for continuing the Term of the said Act, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads branching out of the Roads comprized in the said Act, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon the 3d Day of April last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, repairing, " and widening, the Roads leading from the Ryeway, " in the Parish of Yarpole, in the County of Hereford, " to Prejleigne, in the County of Radnor, and from " thence to Leintwardine, and from Prejleigne aforesaid, " to the Top of Traphill, and from the Ryeway aforesaid, by The Maidenhead, to Woofer ton, in the County " of Salop," and the other passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for continuing the Term of the said Act, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads branching out of the Roads comprized in the said Act, was referred, might be again read.

1

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bill ordered, continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, repairing, and widening, the Roads leading from the Ryeway, in the Parish of Yarpole, in the County of Hereford, to Pres-teigne, in the County of Radnor, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County of Radnor, and in the Counties of Hereford and Salop: And that Mr. Knight, Mr. Pybtts, and Mr. Biddulph, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

1 '

Sir John William Anderson presented to the House, London Cart according to Order, a Bill for extending the Powers of B ' "ente<1 Two Acts, passed in the Eighteenth and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to prevent the Misbehaviour of the Drivers of Carts in the Streets in Londoit, Westmand the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Mr. John Fane presented to the House, according tp Whitchurch Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands and Grounds, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Scotch Small Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to amend and make Pjg Bai» perpetual an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the P Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the more easy and expeditious Recovery of Small " Debts, and determining Small Causes anting out of 4t Personal Contraft or Obligation, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Thejaid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the more easy and expeditious Recovery of Small Debts, and determining Small Causes in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. William Dm das do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into v«r nt Bill, further Consideration the Report from the Committee def^rred of the whole Hou.e, to whom the Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houses of Correction," was Committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

The Lord Hawke (bury reported to the House, That, pursuant to the Order of Friday last, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Douglas, and himself, attended His Majesty, with the Lord Steward of His Majesty's Household and the Lord Walsingham, from the Lords, to present the Address, agreed upon by both Houses, to His Majesty; and that they presented the fame; to which His Majesty was pleased to give this moll Gracious Answer:

My

40 Geo. III.

120 M

5i9

Accounts re fcrrcd to tho Committee on the Coal Trade.

Account of Aid and Contribution for the War, to be printed.

f Duty on Opium imported, to be considered.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is with the greatest Satisfaction that I receive, from My Two Houses of Parliament, this dutiful and loyal Address, expressing their Concurrence in those Resolutions which have been proposed by the Lords and Commons of Ireland, as the Articles of a Legislative Union between My Two Kingdoms. I shall, without Delay, communicate to My Parliament of Ireland the Sentiments and the Declarations contained in this Address; and the Dispositions which have been manifested by My Parliaments in both Kingdoms, afford Me the best Pledge of the speedy and prosperous Conclusion of this great Measure: An Event to which I look forward with the most anxious Expectation, as tending, above all others, to secure and perpetrate the Happiness of all My Subjects.

Ordered, That the several Accounts of the Quantity of Coals exported, which were presented to the House upon Monday last, by Mr. , from the Inspector

General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain, be referred to the Committee appointed to enquire into the present State of the Coal Trade of this Kingdom, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account of the Total Amount produced by an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid and Contribution " for the Prosecution of the War," be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Protection of " the Trade of this Kingdom; and for granting new " and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, ana on the Tonnage of certain Ships " entering Outwards or Inwards to or from Foreign Parts, until the Signing the Preliminary Articles of " Peace," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as relates to the Duty on Opium imported into this Kingdom.

Hackney Coaches, Ac. Sill, passed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingossed) for repealing the Rates and Fares taken by Licensed Hackney Coachmen, and for establishing other Rates and Fares in lieu thereof; and for explaining and amending several Laws relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 7. 1. 8. After " Shillings" to insert " Provided " always, that such additional Rate " or Fare shall not be demandable, " or payable or paid, in respect of " any such Rate or Fare as aforesaid, unless such Coach shall have " been taken the full Distance, or " kept in Waiting the full Period which such Coach may be taken or " kept respectively, for such Sum of " Two Shillings or Four Shillings " respectively, or any such further " I ncrease of Two Shillings as aforesaid."

Pr. 8. 1. 7. After " Coaches" to insert " and able " and sufficient Horses."

1. 22. After " aforesaid" to insert " and the " Horses which shall be used in " drawing the said Coaches."

Vol. 55.

Pr. 8. 1. 28. After " Coaches" to insert " and the " Horses which shall be used in drawing the m."

1.30. After " Coaches" to insert " and " Horses."

1.35. After " Coaches" to insert " and " Horses."

Pr. 9. 1. 5. After " thereof" to insert " or whole " Horses shall be deemed unfit or " insufficient."

1.20. After Coach" to insert " or the " Horses used in drawing the m."

1. 25. After " Purpose" to insert " or the " Horses which they shall have ordinarily used in or for drawing " the fame."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing the Rates and Fares taken by Licensed Hackney Coachmen, and for establishing other Rates and Fares in lieu thereof; and for explaining and amending several Laws relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Sugar and Crf-Reading of the Bill to repeal the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, granted by an Act, passed in the Thirty- ted. ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused; for reviving so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the Average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation thereof; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill Was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, refolye itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of His Majesty's most Gracious Mef- an Union with sage of the 2d Day of April last, communicating to de *

this House the Resolutions of the Lords and Commons of Ireland respecting an Union between the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, with their Address to His Majesty thereupon;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning ne^ct, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart reported from the Committee, Report from appointed to enquire into the State of the British Her-ring Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their '

Improvement and Extension, and to report the fame, from Time to Time, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had come to a Refo-dution, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, under the present Circumstancess of Great Britain and Ireland, it is expedient that the Laws relating to the said Fisheries, which have lately expired, or are now in being, should be revived and continued, until the next Session of Parliament.

Ordered,

520

ia — 130

A. 1800.

Instructions *

Rocerter Inclosure Rill, committed *

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of the most effectual Means of procuring a plentiful Supply of Fish during the p re lent High Price of Provisions.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of the most effectual Means of supplying London with Fish.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of cester, and in the Township of within the Pa-

rilhes of Rocester aforesaid, and in the County of Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mart is, 130 die Maii j

Anno 40 Georgii IIP" Regis, i 8oo. Prayers.

MR. AJlley reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds in the Parishes of East Poringland, West Poringland, Framingham Earl, Framingham Pigot, Biyley, Armeringhall, Stoke Holy,

and Cai/ler Saint Edmund, in the County of Norfolk;

and for making a Compensation for the Tythes arising in the said Parishes of East Poringland, Framingham Earl, and Bixley, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Stand ing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with (except that Two of the No-

Mr. Charles Yorke, &c.: And they are to meet this Af- ^es only were affixed upon the Church Door of Fra-

Hop Duties Bills deferred.

Bill for settling Disputes between Matters sm.l 6enrants, deferred.

Consideration of Report respecting Waste Lands, deferred.

ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for suspending the Duties on Hops imported into Great Britain, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better settling of Disputes between Mailers and Mistresses of Families and their Menial or Domestic Servants.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Select Committee appointed to consider of the most effectual Means of facilitating, under the Authority of Parliament, the In-

closure and Improvement of the Waste, Uninclosed, and count of Illness; and that the whole Property belonging

Wlafs, Linens, &c. BilJ, deferred *

Unproductive Lands, Commons, Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, and Common of Pasture, in this Kingdom, be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making perpetual fa much of an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing the Duties en Glass, as was to continue in Force for a limited Time; and to continue several Laws relating to the granting, a Bounty upon certain Species of and Irish Linens

exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign R^w Linen Yarns, made of Flax; to the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; to the encouraging the Manufacture of

to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Poor's Rates at £.3,71a. 4 . 6 and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Poringland, &c. Inclosure Rill, reported.

mingham Pigot, the Person who attended for that Purpose having been prevented from affixing the Third Notice by Persons assembled in a riotous and tumultuous Manner, but that the said Person read the Notice, and left it on the Ground, close to the Entrance of the Church Porch); and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates alfelfed to the Poor's Rates at £. 326. 5 s.who refused to sign the Bill; and also except the Proprietors of Estates assessed at £.237. 15 s.who were neuter; and also except the Guardian of a Minor, Proprietor of an Eiftate assessed at £. 17. who would not determine whether she would or would not afient to the Bill; and also except the Proprietors of Estates assessed at who could not be met with; and also except the Proprietor of an Estate assessed at £. 12. ior. who could not be seen on Ac-

Supply, dc-stired.

Ways 2nd Means, defer i ed.

An ingossed Bill for making and maintaining a Road LighipJll and British Sail Cloth, and securing The Duties on Foreign from or from near Lightpill Gate, on the Road leading Sail Cloth imported; to the securing the Duties upon from Bath \. in the Parish of to Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails with a Duty; to the regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs, and of the Naval Officers in the British Colonies in America, and of the Officers of the Customs in the Island of Newfoundland; and to the landing Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties of Excise.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednffday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

join the Turnpike Road from Painswick to Cheltenham, at or near Birdlip, in the Parishes of Brimpsfield and ley, or One of them, all in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill, viz.

Oath" to

Pr. 21. 1. 30.

Pr. 61. 1. 29.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Pr. 10. 1. 12. To leave out from

" and" in Line 14.

After " again" to inlert " so as not " to exceed the Rates hereinbefore mentioned."

After " occupy" to insert " such . " reputed Annual Value to be " ascertained in the Manner now " authorized by Law."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

' Resolved,

40 Geo. III.. 136 Mail 52!

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from or from near Lightpill Gaon the Road leading from Bath to Dudbridge, in the Parish of Rodborough, to join the Turnpike Road from to ,at, or

near to, Birdlip, in the Parishes of Brtmpsfield and Cowley, or One of them, all in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That the Marquis of do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Petition r«ia- A Petition of the Mayor, Corporation, Feoffees, and

foTokeKuMfT Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of Okehamplon, ton Paving. in the County of Devon, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House on the 14th Day of February last, Notices have been given at the Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden for the said County, and also.in the News-papet called Woolmer's Exeter and Plymouth Gazette, that Application is making to Parliament, in the present Session, for a Bill for better paving, cleansing, watering, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Paf-> (ages and Places within the Town and Borough of Okehampton, in the County of Devon, and removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and . Annoyances therein, and for widening and opening the

Streets in some Places, and making new Streets and Passages where necessary, and for taking down the present Guildhall, Market House, and Shambles, together with a Place called The Middle Bow, and building a new Guildhall, Market House, and Shambles, and for repairing, altering, and improving, the present Bridges over the Rivers within the said Town and Borough, in such and the like Manner as is required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House, of Applications intended to be made relative to Bills for paving, lighting, cleansing, or improving, any City or Town, and Bills for building Bridges: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof ;and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House t

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Tyrwhitt, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Hanley, &c. An ingrossed Bill for amending and making more ef-

Dninage Bill, feftual an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for embanking, draining, and

preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon, and in the Parishes of DoddingtoH, March, ton, and Chatteris, within the lile of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and for amending the Road from a certain Bridge, in the Parish of Chatteris aforesaid, called Carter's Bridge, by a Drain called or The Forty Feet

Drain, to a Bridge called The Forty Feet Bridge, in the said Parish of Ramsey, as far as relates to embanking the Lands therein described, called by the Name Up-

per District or Division, was read the Third Time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending and making more effectual an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for embanking, draining, and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon, and in the Parishes of Doddington, March, Benwick, and Chat-

teris, within the lile of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and for amending the Road from a certain Bridge, in the Parish of Chatteris aforesaid, called Cartel''s , by a Drain called Permuyden's, or The Forty Feet Drain, VoL. 55.

to a Bridge called The Forty Feet Bridge, in the said Parish of Ramsey, so far as the said Act relates to embanking the Lands therein described, called by the Name of The Upper DistriSl or Division.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Yorke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition reu-thereUnto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Exe- ive ° cution Two Acts, One made in the Twe'nty-sixth Year joLoww1uU of the Reign of King George the Second, and the other Compton, Sees in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present RoaU B,1L Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Half-way House in the Pari Hi of Lower Compton, in the County of Dorset, through the Towns of Yeovil, Crew-kerne, and Chard, to the East End of the Town of Ax-minster, in the County of Devon, and also several other Roads round the said Towns of Yeovil and Chari, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House on the 21 ft Day of April last. Notices have been given at the last Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden for the County of Somerset, and by Ad vertisement, in the Newspaper called The Western Flying Post, or Sherborne and Yeovil Mercury, circulated in the said County, Three Times in the Month of April last, and this present Month of May, of Application having been made to Parliament for Leave to make Provision in a Bill, now pending in the House, for repealing Two Acts,

Orte made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Half-way House, in the Parish of Lower Chmpton, in the County of Dorset, through the Towns of Yeovil, Crewkerne, and Chard, to the East End of the Town of Axminster, in the County of Devon, and several other Roads therein mentioned; and also for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, as relates to repairing the Road from the Direction Poll in Widcombe through Street Ash Lane, to Chard; and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes, and for altering and diverting certain Parts of the said Roads, for the Purpose of continuing such Part of One of the said Roads as leads from a Place called Cuthedge, in or near the Parish of

West Coker, to the First Cross Road beyond Pye , in the Parish of Odcombe, in the said County of Somersett in such and the like Manner as are required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House relative to Turn pike Bills: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for continuing the fame, by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gore Langton, Mr. Dickinjbt,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, vyarmmffer made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Roa<ls.B,il» Reign, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road twmn"He 4 from the Town of Warmiufter, in the County of Wilts, to a Place where the Roads to Bath and Bristol divide, and from the Town of Frome to the Town of Beckington, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gore Langton, Mr. Dick'tnfon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

6 R A Bill

5 % 2 15" Mail. A. 1800,

Ci(Tm^ton A Bill for dividing and inciting certain Heath Lands, commuted^'"' an<^ Of 0 a,‘d Common Fields, Common Pastures, and ‘ Commonable Lands, within the Parish of , in

the County of Oxford, and in the Hamlet of otherwise Workton, within the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Fane, Lord Charles Spen&c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ntw Sirum Ordered, That Mr. William Henry do make

Kpwted!11 0" ' ReP°rt f,om the Committee, to whom the Petition of Jacob -Earl of Radnor, Recorder of the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, and also the Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of New Sarum, were severally referred.

Mr. William Henry Bouverie accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio wet h; viz.

T<f prove the Allegations of the first mentioned Petition, Mr. John Hodding, Town Clerk of the City of New Sarum, being examined, said, That the said City and the Close thereof exercise an exempt Jurisdiction from the said County, and had an ancient Gaol within the same, for the Confinement of Felons, Debtors, and other Prisoners of the said City, and of the Close thereof ;. and that the said Gaol was by the Authority of Parliament, a few Years since, taken down, and another was intended to be erected in its Stead; but it being considered as more eligible that the said Prisoners mould in future be confined in the County Gaol of Fisherton Anger, adjoining to the said City, which is large and Commodious, the Magistrates for the said City have offered a Compensation, and have entered into an Agreement with the Magistrates of the said, County, which has been approved and confirmed at the Four last several Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County, for giving to the said exempt Jurisdiction a Power of confining in the said County Gaol, Felons, Debtors, and other "Prisoners, from the said exempt Jurisdiction.

To prove the Allegations of the second mentioned Petition, an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for removing and re-building the Council Chamber, Guildhall, and Gaol, of the said City, and for ascertaining the Tolls of the Market, and regulating the Chairmen within the said City, was read; by which it appeared. That the Mayor and Commonalty of the said City were thereby authorized to build and maintain within the said City, or the Suburbs or Precincts thereof, aGaol for the said City and the Close thereof, and to take upon themselves the Custody and Safe-keeping of such Persons as should be confined therein; and it was by the said Act provided, that until such new Gaol should be erected, all the Debtors, Felons, and other Persons, within the said Cky and Close thereof, who then were or should be liable or ought to be committed to the said Common Gaol of the said City, should, as Occasion should require, be committed by the Justices of the Peace for the said City, or Close thereof, to, and should be confined in, the Common Gaol of the County of Hilts: And,

Mr. John Hodding, being again examined, said, That the old Gaol belonging to the said City was, under the Authority of the said Act, taken down, and a new one was intended to be erected, but it hath not been done, it being conceived that such Debtors, Felons, and other Persons, would be more safely and conveniently confined in the said County Gaol, the same being very large and secure, and immediately adjoining to the said City, than they woold be in a new Gaol to be erected within the said City or the Suburbs or Precincts thereof, as directed 3

by the said Act, and as stated in the said Petition already presented to the House; and it is therefore expedient that, instead of erecting a new Gaol, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, the Agreement entered into by the Petitioners with the Magistrates for the said County, should be ratified and carried into Effect, and it is necessary that some of the Powers and Provisions Of the said Act should be explained, amended, and enlarged: That Doubts having arisen respecting the Office of Clerk of the said City, and the Rights, Privileges, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, veiled in and by the said Act in the Mayor and Commonalty of the said City, an Agreement had been entered into with the Right Reverend Father in God John Lord Bishop of Sarum, to whom the Gift or Grant of the said Office belonged, before the passing of the said Act, for an Explanation of so much thereof as relates to the Grant of such Office, and the Rights and Privileges of the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for the Removal and Re-building the Council " Chamber, Guildhall, and Gaol of the City of New " Sarum, and for ascertaining the Tolls of the Market, u and regulating the Chairmen, within the said City," as requires the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of New Sarum to build a new Gaol within the said City, or the Suburbs or Precincts thereof, and for authorizing the Commitment of Felons and other Persons within the Limits of the said City, and the Close thereof, to the Gaol of the County of Wilts, and for explaining and amending

the said Act: And that Mr. William Henry Bouverie,

Mr. HuJJey, Mr. Pe7iruddocke Wyndham, and Mr. Qod-

dard, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Burdon reported from the Committee, to whom Elfloa, fa the Bill for reviving, continuing, and amending an Act, Rol^®il,» passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His pre- r<?0 sent Majesty, for repairing the Road from Elfdon High Cross, near the Town of Elfdon, in the County of Northumberland, to the Red Swyre, upon the Mid Border betwixt England and Scotland, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

An ingossed Bill for draining, improving, and pre- Croflon, tec. serving the Low Lands and Grounds, within the Town- Drainage Bin, ships of Crofton, Mawdefley, Rufford, Bifpham, and Bretherton, in the County Palatine or Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for draining, improving, and preserving the Low Lands and Grounds, within the Townships of Crofton, Mawfdeftey, Rufford, Bifpham, Tarleton, and Bretherton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Patten do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord Granville LevefonGower, from the Committee - Instruaiont to appointed to consider of giving Powers to Justices of the so^deTofre^. Peace for the more effectually repairing County Bridges, pairing Couo-acquainted the House, That he was directed, by the said tyBndSe Committee, to move the House, That it be an Iuftruc-tion to the said Committee, that they do consider of the Steps proper to be taken previous to the building ojf Bridges, that are to be deemed County Bridges; and

also.

Mr. Ellison to carry Dcarnc and Dove Canal Bill to the Lords.

Or<Uall Inclosure Bill, committed.

Act respect-

ing Duties on Income, to be considerad.

L_._

40 Geo. III. 13 0Mail.523

also. That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, The House was also moved, That another Act, made that -they do consider of empowering Justices of the in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to Peace, in their Quarter Sessions, to alter the Situation of " amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parlia-County Bridges, and to widen and enlarge the fame, and " ment, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties imposed the Roads at the End thereof; and also, That it be an by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for

Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of empowering Justices to direct Actions to be brought in the Name of the Clerk of the Peace, for Damages done to County Bridges, County Gaols, Bridewells, and other County Works.

And Lord Granville Leveson Gower moved the House

accordingly.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction -to the said -Committee, that they do consider of the Steps proper to be taken previous to the building of Bridges-that are to be deemed County Bridges: And also,

That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of empowering Justices of the Peace, in their Quarter Sessions, to alter the Situation of County Bridges, and to widen and enlarge the fame, and the Roads at the End thereof; And also.

That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of empowering Justices to direct Actions to be brought in the Name of the Clerk of the Peace, for Damages done to County Bridges, County Gaols, Bridewells, and other County Works.

Ordered, That Mr. Ellison do carry to the Lords the ingrossed Bill to enable the Dearne and Dove Canal Company to finish and complete the said Canal, and the several Collateral Cuts branching therefrom; and for explaining, amending, and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and for increasing the Tolls thereby granted, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadow, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Ovdfall, in the County of , was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -font, Mr. Grosvenor, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to repeal " the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the last Sef- lion of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribu- tion for the Prosecution of the War; and to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by grant " ing certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said " Duties," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That another Act, made in the last; Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for extending the Time for returning Statements under an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties imposed " by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for " granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War; and to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties; and to amend the ' said Admight be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That another Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " to enable the Commercial Commissioners, appointed " to carry into Execution certain Acts for granting Dut ies upon Income, to extend the Time limited by the said Acts for receiving Returns of Income; and for explaining and amending the said Acts," might be "read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Vol. 55.

" granting an Ai^and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War; and to make tpore effectual Provision " for the like-Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties, so far as relates to

the Assessments made upon Trustees, Agents, Receiv *

" ers, and Guardians," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House Will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

Ordered, That the Report which Was made from the Day appointed Committee, to whom the Bill for making Wet Docks, for Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Ac Rep^rton8 commodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, London and Revenue, within the Port of London, was com- &e'

mitted, be taken into further Consideration upon day Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, fix the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to opmmmw consider of lo much, of an Act, made in the Thirty- ported, eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Protection of the Trade " of this Kingdom; and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported,

" and on the Tonnage of certain Ships entering Outwards or Inwards to or from Foreign Parts, until the " Signing the Preliminary Articles of Peace," as relates to the Duty on Opium imported i'nto this Kingdom;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain " Duties of Customs on Slate, Stone, and Marble," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be ?.n Instruction to the said Com- instructiom

mittee, that they do consider of so much of the said

Ad as imposes Duties on Burr Stones, and on Stones used for the Purpose of Paving, or of making or amending Roads. *

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had di-reded him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee m Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for fuf-pending the Duties on Hops imported into Great Britain, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Dorington, Clerk of the Fees of this House, being Account of called in, presented to the House, pursuant to their OrdeT, 5^^ *

An Account of the Net Produce of the Fees and Emoluments of the Clerk attending the House of Commons, for the last; Ten Years; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An

A. 1800.

524

An Account «f the Net Produce of the Fees and Emoluments of the Clerk Assistant attending the House of Commons, for the last Ten Years distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. The said Accounts are as followeth i

An ACCOUNT of the Net Produce of the Fees and Emoluments of the Clerk attending the House of

Commons, for the last Ten Years j distinguishing each Year.

House of Commons,

May 13 th, 1800.

J.

Clerk of the Fees.

An A C C O LLN T of the Net Produce of the Fees and Emoluments of the Clerk Assistant attending the House of Commons, for the last Ten Years; distinguishing each Year.

£. s. d.

Session - - 1790 ----- -- 777 18 11

1790/1 537 6 5

1792 ----- -- 44 3 —

1792/3 600 1 4

794 464 2 7

1794/5 45 3 7

795/6 41a 15 9

796/7 52° 4 3

797/8 349 8 10

798/9 463 12 4

Besides the above, the Clerk Assistant receives out of His Majesty's Civil List, the several Sums of 100. each Session, £. 200. and £. 400. per Annum, which produces, when received at the Exchequer, after Payment

of Fees, £. 597.

The Clerk Assistant, having been One of the Persons appointed by the Speaker for examining Recognizances, and to tax Colts in Cafes of Controverted Elections, has received, during the Whole of the above Period, for Fees on those Accounts, the Sum of £. 242. 11 s.

House of Commons,

May 13th, 1800.

J.

Clerk of the Fees.

To be confi-

dertd in a Comm idee.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itklf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Accounts.

The Lords h^ve agreed to

Innkeepers

bAL

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Popham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for increasing the Rates of Subfiitence to be paid to

Innkeepers and others on Quartering Soldiers 1 without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mepaii, to alter, explain, amend, and render more effectual, an JJ^ha<n'^' Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of r "lge his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands in the Isle of Ely, and County of , lying between

* The Hundred Foot River and The Ouze, and bounded " on the South by the Hard Lands of " IVent worth, Wichford, Ely, Down ham, and,

" and

1

Mar cheH ei-and Ashion under Lyne Canal Bill.

Berwick Paving Bdl-

Ripon Roads Bill.

Denbigh and Flint Heads BUI.

Farndifli Inclol'ure Bill.

RybaH Inc'.o-iui c Bill.

Ovington Inclosure Bill, with an Amendment.

The Lords have paUed Hicks's Estate Bill.

40 Geo. III. 130 — 14 Maii. 525

" and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservarors of the Great " Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to " lell certain Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid, " commonly called Itruejled Lands without any Amendment: And also *

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending the several Acts passed for making, extending, finishing, and completing, the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near Afliton under Lyne and

Oldham, and the several Cuts and other Works authorized to be made and done by the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal Navigation, and for granting t<? the said Company further and other Powers; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for lighting the Streets and Lanes of the Borough of Berwick upon Tweed, and the Quays and Wharfs belonging to the said Borough, and that Part of the Bridge over the River Tweed which lies within the Liberties of the said Borough, and also the Street of Caflegate, within the said Borough, or the Liberties thereof, and for pav'ng the Footpaths of the Streets of the said Borough, and of Cafl/egaw aforesaid, and for preventing Ob-

strudions, Nuifar.ces, and Annoyances therein; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of Ripon, by Ingram to the

Town of Pateley Bridge, in the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Town of " Denbigh to the Town of SaAfaph, and from thence " to the Town and Port of in the Counties of

" Denbigh and Flint, and for repealing an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty King 41 George the Second, so far as the same relates to the " said Road ;" without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Farndifli, in the Counties of Bedford and Northampton, or One of them; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Ryhall with -meflhorpe, otherwise Belmittflhoipe, in the County of Rut-

land-, without any Amendment: And allb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Open Fields, Common?, Commonable Wood Grounds, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ovington, in the County of Norfolk; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also. The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain detaahed Parts of the Estates devised by the Will of Michael Hicks, Esquire, in the Counties of Essex, Norfolk, Suffolk, and Gloucester, and in London, in Triiltees, for carrying into Execution certain Agreements for Sale of Parts thereof, and to fell the other Vol. 55.

Parts thereof and lo apply the Money arising from such Sales in the Purchase of other Estates in the said County of Gloucester, to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House;

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making perpetual so much of an A.ft, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing tl\e Duties on Glass, as was to continue in Force for a limited Time; and to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty upon certain Species of and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns, made of Flax; to the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; to the encouraging the Manufacture of Britishi Sail Cloth, and securing the Duties on Foreign Sail Cloth imported; to the securing the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails with a Duty; to the regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs, and of the Naval Officers in the Britishi Colonies in America, and of the Officers of the Customs in the Island of;

and to the landing Ruhl or Spirits of the Britishi Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties of Excise.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same., Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 14 die Maii;

Anno 40° Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1800. Praters.

THE House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Open Fields, Commons, Commonable Wood Grounds, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ovington, in the County of Norfolk.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 25. I.27. After " aforesaid" insert " not exceeding Two Hundred Pounds " to any One Person."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. AJlley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds in the Parishes of East P oringland, West Por ingland, Framingham Earl, Fra-

mingham Pigot, Bix/ey, Armeringhall, Stoke Holy Crops, and Caifler Saint Edmund, in the county of;

and for making a Compensation for the Tythes arising

6 S in

Committee on Glass, Linens &c. Bill.

Lords Amend' ment to Ovington In-, closure Bill agreed to.

Poringland, &c. Inclosure Bill, passed.

Pawnbrokers Petitions, reported.

West's Estate Bill reported, and palfed.

5 26 14 Mail. 1800.

in the said Parishes of East Poringland, Framingham Earl, and Bixiey, was read the Third Time.

Resolved', That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds in the Parishes of East Bonn gland, West Poringland, Framingham Early Framingham Pigot, Bixley, Armeringhall, Stoke Holy Crofst and

Caister Saint Edmund, in the County of Norfolk; and for making a Compensation for the Tythes arising in the said Parishe(s of E.ajl Poringland, Framingham Earl, and Bixleyr

Ordered, That Mr. AJlley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Pawnbrokers, on Behalf of themselves and others, exercising that Business within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Bills of Mortality; and also, another Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Pawnbrokers, on Behalf of themselves, and others, exercising that Business, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Bills of Mortality, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; v

To prove the Allegations of the first mentioned Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Trade and Business of Pawnbrokers," was read; the Term of which, it appeared to Your Committee, will expire at the End of the present Session of Parliament: Then,

Mr. Peter Patmore, being examined, said, That the several Regulations established by the said Act have been found beneficial to the Public; and that it would conduce to the Relief and Comfort of a numerous Class of Individuals, and to the general Benefit of the Community, if the said Act were in some Respects altered and amended, and, subject to such Alterations and Amendments, made perpetual.

To prove the Allegations of the second mentioned Petition, the said Act was again read: And,

Mr. William Gordon, being examined, said. That the said Act has been found beneficial to the Public, but that the same requires some Amendments, Alterations, and Additions, and that it would be more convenient for the Magistrates, and beneficial to the Pawnbrokers, and the Public, if the Powers of the said Act, with such Alterations, Amendments, and Additions, as may -be found requisite, were consolidated and reduced into One Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be givdi to bring in a Bill for more effectufdly regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers: And that Mr. and Sir

William Anderson do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr . Kynaston Powell reported from the Committee,

to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Heneage and William Sheldon, Esquires, divers Freehold Lands and Heredita-‘ ments, in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, fey, in the County of Surrey, late the Estate of Sarah West, Widow, and conveyed( by her to Joseph Martin, Esquire, and Beriah Hills, Gentleman, by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date respectively the Twentieth and Twenty-first Days of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, upon several Trulls,

and for enabling the said Heneage Legge and William Sheldon to execute such of the same Trulls as are now subsisting, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment > and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston Powell do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and repairing certain " Roads in the County of A," and for the more effectually amending, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, and other Roads, in the said County, and for levying a Conversion Money in lieu of the Statute Labour, and otherwise regulating the making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

" An Act for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Aberdeen," and for the more effectually amending, widening, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, and other Roads, in the said County, and for levying a Conversion Money in lieu of the Statute Labour, and otherwise regulating the making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Ferguson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Powers of so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and repairing certain Roads, in the County of Perth, as relates to the Road from Perth to Cupar, or the Neighbourhood thereof, towards Glammis, as far as the Confines of the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Powers of so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth, as relates to the Road from Perth to Cupar, or the Neighbourhood thereof, towards Glammis, as far as the Confines of the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Ferguson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord John Campbell reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for explaining, amending, and continuing an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for lepairing " the Highways and Bridges in the Shire of ," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. *

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Jones reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto

Aberdeen Roads BUI palfed.

Perth Roads Bill, passed.

Argyll Roads Bill, reported.

Ruthin and Mold Road Petition, reported.

Pownev's Ef» taif Bui, committed.

Petition relative to Notices ror Pi a if) on in Lower Compton, See. Roads Bill, reported.

40 Geo. III. 140 Mail. 527

thereunto subscribed, Trustees for executing Two Acts, patfed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, so tar as the same Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of Ruthin, in the County of Denbigh, to the Town of Mold, in the County of Flint, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. John Phillips, being examined, said, That the Trustees, appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts for the said District, have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and have for that Purpose borrowed several eonliderable Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which is still due and owing, and cannot be paid oft', and the said District of Road eft'edually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts, so far as the same relate thereto, are continued and enlarged, and the Tolls increased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of Ruthin, in the County of Denbito the Town of Mold, in the County of Flint: And that Mr. Jones and Mr. Patten do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from ft e Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estates of P my ft on Port/ock Ef-

qui:e, deceased, situate in the County of in Truf-

tees, to be sold, for paying Incumbrances and Debts, and for laying out the Surplus, under the Directions of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be conveyed to the Trustees of the Will of the said Pcnxfton I'or:lock Powney, in lieu thereof, was read a Second Time.

R./o/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Van-Jit tart, Sir J..d V illiam Auderson,&c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber

Mr Gore Langtonreported from the Committee, to

Whom the Petition of the several Persons; whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts, one made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the othet in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Haif-way House in the Parish of Loiver Compton, in the County of Dorj'et, through the Towns of Yeovil, Cretvkerne, and Chard, to the East End of the Town of Axminster, in the County of Devon, and also several other Roads round the said Towns of Yeovil and Chard, in the County of Somerset, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Vol. 55.

Edmund Batten, being examined. Card, That in pursuance of Leave granted by the House on the 21st Day of April last, Notices have been given at the- last Quarter Sessions of the Peace, holden for the County of Somerset, and by Advertisement in the News-puper, called The Wesiern Flying Post; or, Sherborne and, Yeovil Mercury, circulated in the said County, Three Times in the Ado nth of April last, and this present Month of May, of Application having been made to Parliament for Leave to make Provision in a Bill now pending in the House, for repealing Two Acts, one made in the Twen-ty-sixth Year of the Reign of King the Second,

and the other in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Half-way Eloufe, in the Parish of Lower Compton, in the County of Dorj'et, through the Towns of Yeovil, Crew-kerne, and Chard, to the East End of the Town of Ax-tninjier, in the County of Devon, and several other Roads therein mentioned; rod also, for repealing lo much of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton,.in the County of Somerset, as relates to repairing the Road from the Direction Post in Widcombe Moor, through Street Ash Lane, to Chard, and for making more eft'edual Provision for those Purposes; and for altering and diverting certain Parts of the said Roads, for the Purpose of continuing such Part of One of the said Roads, from a Place called Cuthedge, in or near the Parish of IT'eJl Coker, to the First Crols Road beyond Pye Corner, in the Parish of Odcombe, in the said County of Somerset, in such and the like Manner as are required by the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Henry Lascelles prdented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing Noman 's Moor, otherwise Norman's Moor, within the North Riding of the County of York-: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Wastes, in the Vills or Hamlets of High Egbrough, Low Egbrough, Sherwood, Hutgreen, and Tranmoor, in the Parish of Ke/ling-ton, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Orderof the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for enabling the Huddersfield Canal Company to finish and complete the Huddersfield Canal, and for amending the Ad passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Huddersfield Canal, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing, that before any Lands are re-fold, the Company shall offer the same to the Persons from whom they were purchased.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling the Huddersfield Canal Company to finish and complete the Huddersfield Canal, and for amending the Ad, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Huddersfield Canal,

Ordered,

Noman's Moor Inclo Cure Bill, prefen ted.

Egbrough, See Inclosure Bill, committed.

Huddersfield Canal Bill, passed.

5 8 x4° Maik A. 1800.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Bank Build- Mr. Samuel Thornton reported from the ComiYiittee, to commuted Pe- w^om the Report was again re-committed, which was tition, re- made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the ported. Governor and Company of the Bank of England, was referred; That the Committee had further examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for improving Cities or Towns, had not been complied with; but it appeared to the Committee, that Notice, in Writing, was given on, or previous to, the 17th Day of March last, to all the Owners, Lessees, and Occupiers, of Houses, to be affected by the proposed Improvements; and that none of them make any Objection thereto; and that the whole Expence of making the said Improvements is intended to be defrayed by the Petitioners; and that the Committee had further examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Soane, Esquire, an Architect, being examined, said, That pursuant to several Acts of Parliament, sundry Houses, Ground, Hereditaments, and Premises, were purchased by and vested in the Petitioners, ?:nd the Edifice of the Bank was very much enlarged and extended, and the Passages leading thereto made more commodious for the Public: That, in consequence of the great Increase of Public Debt, and of the Public Business transacted by the Petitioners, and also the Extension of their Dealings and Transactions with Individuals, tire Scite on which the said Edifice now Hands is inadequate to enable the Petitioners to ereCl safe, proper, and convenient Offices for the Transaction and Management of the important Concern placed under their Management: That the Avenues leading to and adjoining the said Edifice, on the East and West Sides thereof, are narrow and inconvenient, and it is proposed to widen and render the same more commodious, and in particular to continue the West Avenue called Princes Street, in a direct Line from the Front of the Mansion House to Lothbury, and to purchase all the Premises necessary for that Purpose; and to take the Angle which will be thereby made on the East Side of such Street or Avenue, when so improved, into, and to make it Part of, the Scite of the Bank, and by that Means to increase and extend the Public Offices thereof: That the said Avenue on the West Side of the Bank, called Princes Street, is now very narrow and crooked, inso much that if the Houses on the West Side thereof, qppofite to the Bank, should take Fire, the Safety of the said Edifice would be greatly endangered; and it is therefore of great Public Importance that the said Avenue should be widened and made more commodious, and proceed in a direct Line from Mansion House Street to Lothbury: — And, the Witnesss further said. That the South End of Bartholomew Lane, opposite the South East Corner of the said Edifice, and immediately fronting the North Gate of the Royal Exchange, is very narrow and incommodious, and the Petitioners are desirous of purchasing Four Houses forming the North West Corner of the said Street called Bartholomew Lane, for the Purpose of taking down the fame, in order to widen and render more commodious the Avenue on the East Side of the Bank; and to render the said Improvement complete, it will be requisite to make a Foot Passage through the lower Part of the Tower of Saint Bartholomew's Church, adjoining to the said Houses.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to empower the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to purchase certain Houses and Ground contiguous to the Bank of England; and to enable them to

improve certain Avenues adjacent thereto; And that

y,

Mr. Samuel Thornton, Mr. Manning, and Mr. Peter Isaac Thelluffon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. James Lowtherreported from the Committee, to Keigii'ey whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and ° L ' others, Trustees for executing Two'Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, amend- . ing, and widening, the Road from Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Kendal, in

the County of Westmorland, so far as the said Acts relate to that Part of the said Road which lies in the Counties of Westmorland and Lane after, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, so far as relates to the Notices having been published Three Times, in the Month of September last, in The Leeds Mercu there being no Newspaper printed in the County of and

also affixed on the Sessions House Doors at Lancaster and Kendal, at the last Michaelmas Quarter Sessions; but that the Two last Notices inserted in The Liverpool Gore's General Advertiser, were, by the Neglect of the Printer, not inserted until the 3d and 4th of October last; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had dire«fled him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House» and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered itjn at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: — And,

Mr. William Atkinson, being examined, said. That great Progress hath been made in repairing and improving the said District or Division of Road, for which Purpose a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed, and is now due and owing, and that the same cannot be paid oft , nor the said District or Division of Road be maintained and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and amended, so far as relates to the said District or Division; and it is necessary that the Tolls to be collected thereon should be increased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made for repairing, amending, and widening, the Road from Keighley, in the West Rid-

ing of the County of York, to Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, so far as the same relate to that Part of the said Road which lies within the Counties of Wesbnorland and Lancaster: And that Mr. James Lowther and Sir Michael Le Fleming do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Subscribers, Brewers in the City of Petition of Glasgow and its Environs, was presented to the House, ®rn 'trs of and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for extending the ag?ft Glas-Royalty of the City of Glasgow over certain adjacent E°w Police Lands; for paving, lighting, and cleansing the Streets, BlU' for regulating the Police, and appointing an Intendent thereof, and Watchmen; for dividing the City into Wards, and appointing Superintendents; and for railing Funds, and giving certain Powers to the Magistrates, and Council and Town and Dean of Guild Courts, for the above and other Purposes; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are materially interested in their proses-fional Capacities as Brewers, in so far as concerns the Extension or the Royalty, and subjecting them in Payment of the Import of Two Pennies Scots per Pint upon all Ale and Beer to be vended or sold within the proposed Extension, contrary to the Intention and Understanding of an Act relative thereto, passed in the last Session of Parliament; And therefore praying, That they may be

heard.

40 Geo. III.

529

{Joorfholt Tn» clokirc Bill, commuted.

Report on New fl.4ven

ami Lewes Nui^ation am) Drainage Bill, further confuiered.

tondon Small Debts Bill, prtjeiutd.

Mr. Davis's Petition respecting Smutty Wheat#

heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against the said Bill passing into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Wafie and Down Ground, within the Parish or Township of Sparjhc.lt, in the County of Berks, and within the Hamlet of West cote, in the same Parish and County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Metcalfe of Abingdon, Mr. Vanfitlart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Motion being made. That the Report which, upon the 2d Day of this Instant May, was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to alter, amend, and enlarge, the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for improving the Navigation of the River Cafe, between Nezvhaveti Bridg and in the County of Sussex, and for the better draining of the Low Lands lying in Levees and Laughton Levels, in the said County, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Confide ration.

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House upon Wednesday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of

the House of the 7th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The Floufe accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question l'everally put thereupon, agreed to by the Flouie.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir John William Anderson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend, explain, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act for " the recovering of Small Debts, and for the relieving of " Poor Debtors, in London," and an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, King George the Second, to explain and amend the above-mentioned Act, and likewise for extending the Powers of the Court of Requests in the City of London, in and by the said Two several Acts continued and established: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of John Davis, of Duke Street, Saint George's Fields, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted thfe Floufe, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner has, after many Years

Vol. 55.

Application, and great Labour and Study, and at a considerable Expence, discovered a Method of cleaning and purifying damaged and Smutty Wheat, and rendering it fit for the Food of Man j and that the Petitioner has, in many Instances, proved the Utility and Efficacy of his Invention, and has received Testimonials thereof from the Board of Agriculture, and from many Farmers who have had Smutty Wheat converted by the Petitioner into good and Marketable Wheat; and that the Petitioner is willing to relinquish all Right and Title to the said Discovery, for the Benefit of the Public, on receiving such Recompence and Reward for the Expences he has incurred, and the Importance of the Discovery, as he shall appear to them to deserve: And therefore praying, That the House will be pleased to take his Cale into Confide ration, and grant him such Recompence and Reward as the House shall think just and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Petition of the several Innkeepers of the City of Durham inn-Durham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting ^^‘ls Pe" forth. That the Petitioners being at all Times willing to accommodate the Public to, the utmost of their Power, and to bear their proper Share of the Burthens of the State, feel themselves uncommonly oppressed and aggrieved by the Number of Soldiers of late quartered upon them, and which has been considerably increased by the frequent Change of Stations of the Military through the Kingdom; and that, from the enormous Dearness of Provisions of every Kind, and the Inadequacy of the Government Allowance to provide for Troops on a March, the Pressure of this Grievance has become intolerable; and the Petitioners therefore beg Leave to represent the Expediency and Justice of the several principal Trades People being equally subject to the Maintenance and Support of Soldiers, as, from the Nature of their respective Trades, they partake in every Degree of the Advantage which may arise from the keeping of Soldiers, and that such a Measure (together with the Increase of Allowance) would tend greatly to lessen the Grievance of which the Petitioners complain:

And therefore praying, That the House will take into its l'erious Consideration the Subject of this Petition, and grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall Item meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Floufe was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for em-tc powering the Company of Proprietors of the " and Clyde Navigation, to repay, into the Court of

6 T " Exchequer

Motion fora Bill resp;£V;ng Leith Harbour, to he confulered it a Committee,

53o

14s Mail. 1800.

" Exchequer in Scotland, the Sum advanced to them for the Purpose of completing the said Navigation; for " repealing so much of an Act, of the Twenty-fourth " Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the said " Company; and for enabling the Barons of the said " Court of Exchequer to advance Part of the Sum, so " to be received, to the Company of Proprietors of the " Crinan Canal, orl certain Conditions," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland', to advance to the Lord Provost and Magistrates of the City of for the Purpose of

completing the Improvements of the Harbour of Leith, a certain Sum, being Part of the Money which, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, was directed to be paid into the said Court of Exchequer, by the Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Subject Matter of this Motion, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Motion be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

csi.f.dned. The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received, reported. Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland to advance to the Lord Provost and Magistrates of the City of Edinburgh, for the Purpose of completing the Improvements of the Harbour of Leith, a certain Sum, being Part of the Money which, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, was directed to be paid into the said Court of Exchequer by the Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation.

And Mr. Bragge moved the House accordingly.

Bill ordered. Ordered. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in'Sro/-land to advance to the Lord Provost and Magistrates of the City of Edinburgh, for the Purpose of completing the Improvements of the Harbour of Leith, a certain Sum, being Part of the Money which, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, was directed to be paid into the said Court of Exchequer by the Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. William Dundas, and the Lord Advocate of Scotland, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

c.ifnrn'rttet on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House f5^rci^a' ng so resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, au Umon with to consider further of His Majesty's most Gracious iuiaiul, defer- JVTeflage of the 2d Day of last, communicating to this House the Resolutions of the Lords and Commons of Ireland respecting an Union between the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, with their Address to His Majesty thereupon, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

H»P Dude Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the ui, report . cornmjttee 0£ the whole House, to whom the Bill for suspending the Duties on Hops imported into Great Britain, and granting other Duties in liiu thereof, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Mr. bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing the Duties on Glass, as was to continue in Force for a limited Time; and to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns, made of Flax; to the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; to the encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and securing the Duties on Foreign Sail Cloth imported; to the securing the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails with a Duty; to the regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs, and of the Naval Officers in the British Colonies in America, and of the Officers of the Customs in the Tfiand of Newfoundland; and to the landing Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties of Excise, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had di-rested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Report which was made from the Committee, to u'hom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Journeymen Cotton Weavers, in the several Counties of Chester, York, Lancaster, and Derby; and also, the Petition of

the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and other Master Manufacturers or Cotton Weavers, in the several Counties of Chester, York, and Lancaster, were referred, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Ufo of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account of the Distribution of the Sum of £. 4,241,433, expended for the Extraordinary Services of the Army, in the Year 1799,; distinguishing the principal Articles thereof, and their Amount respectively.

Ordered,

Glas . Linens, Sic. Bill, reported.

Supply, do ftrred *

Report on Cotton Wearers Petitions, to be printed.

Account of Rxtiami manes oi At nir9 ordered *

53i

4° Geo. III. 14° —

:! Confidmtion Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Of Report re- further Confederation the Report from the Committee j of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider

ttirtd,' of the Report which was made from the Select Committee appointed to consider of the most effectual Means of facilitating, under the Authority of Parliament, the Inclosure and Improvement of the Wade, Uninclosed, and Unproductive Lands, Commons, Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, and Common of Failure, in this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Report refect Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to tldca-eJ. whom it was referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Protcdlion of the Trade of this Kingdom; and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods " imported and exported, and on the Tonnage of certain Ships entering Outwards or Inwards to or from " Foreign Parts, until the Signing the Preliminary Artides of Peace," as relates to the Duty on Opium imported into this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Cookham In cloilire Bill, committed.

Petition a^aintt, retired, ami 011. ft I ordered *

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Cookham, in the County of Berks;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

And the House being informed that Counsel attended }

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Counsel be now called in;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for lire Yeas,^/' 'yfT'A j

{Mr. Charles Dundas:

]s9-

' Tellers for the Nocs,5^r' "'ra *

'{Mr. Plumer:

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Bill was read a Second Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Dundas, Mr. Vansittart, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved. That the Petition- of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, which was presented to the House upon the 5th Day of this Instant May, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and'that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an I nstruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 55.

150 M

Jovis, 1 g die

Anno 40° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1800.

Prayers.

MR. Henry Lafcellesreported from the Committee, Womeriley

to whom the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and ini- '

proving, the several Open Arable Fields, Ings, Pastures,

Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Womerjley, in the West Riding of the County of , was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: YVhere the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the fe- Petition for veral Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Lower Com being Trustees for carrying into Execution Two Acts, ton"&c.Rof<u one made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of Bill, referred King George the Second, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Half-way House in the Parish of Lower Compton, in the County of Dorset, through the Towns of Yeovil, Crewkerne, and Chard, to the East End of the Town of Axminster, in the County of Devon, and also several other Roads round the said Towns of Yeovil and Chard, in the County of Somerset, which was presented to the House upon the 21st Day of April last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gore Lan Mr. Dickinfcn, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Knight presented to the House, according to Yarpole snJ Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering ^0e jei?n"'&e' and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the presented. Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of

the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, repairing, and widening, the Roads leading from the way, in the Parish of Yarpole, in the County of Hereford, to Prejleigne, in the County of Radnor, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County of Radnor, and in the Counties of Hereford and Salop: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Peachey presented to the House, according to Bm for con. Order, a Bill for confirming and establishing the Divi-

Agree men t for

fion and Inclosure of a certain Common, or Parcel of seifton, &c

Waste Inclosure, prt.

_ fenteU.

532

i5

Mail

A. 1800.

Waste Land, called Seif lei: Fore/}, othenvile The Long Forest, within the Townships of Seif ton, Bachs, and Norton, in the Parish of in the County of

Salop, and certain Exchanges of Lands and Estates within the said Parish: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ui.Us's k.late Ah ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bi.i, u..J. for veiling certain detached Parts of the Estates devised by the Will of Michael Hicks, Esquire, in the Counties of EJfc'x, Norfolk, Suffolk, and and in London, in Trustees, for carrying into Execution certain Agreements for Sale of Parts thereof, and to fell the other Parts thereof, and to apply the Money arising from such Sales in the Purchase of other Estates in the said County of Gloucester, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

s»r william An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act t'^e Bui read" for vesting the Manor of and divers Messuages,

Lands, and Hereditaments, in Moreton, in the County of Stafford, devised by the Will of Sir William Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for the Application of the Money to arise from such Sale, and for other Purposes, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

w'b'm and Air. Jo dr ell reported from the Committee, to whom Kua.is Bi.i, the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and en-

rtportwd. larging the Powers, of several Acts passed for amending

the Highway between Hock/iffe and Woburn, in the County of Bedford, and for repairing the Road leading through Woburn to Tickford Bridge, in Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks, was committed; and to whom " the Petition of Sir Gregory Page Turner, Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Battlefden arid of several other Persons, Inhabitants of the Parish of Battlefden, in the County of Bedford, was referred; That the Committee had heard Couniel in Support of the said Petition, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill' be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee ott to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, AUsu-ipta-toconsider of the several Acts passed in the last Session "'^ome.' ac-" of Parliament, relative to Duties on Income, be now ten-ed. read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Kir. Charles Yorke presented to the House, according GuildenMor-to Order, a Bill for "dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures,

Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of GuildenMorden, in the County of Cambridge: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That the Petition of Mr. Davis's Davis, of Duke Street, Saint George's Fields, which was sniuu

Yesterday presented to the House, and then ordered to w wheat, re. lie upon the Table, might be again read. - committee

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Henry Paulet St. John may, Mr. Hawkins Browne,&c.: And they are to meet

Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Report of w into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom tire Bill to extend jere<i. the Provisions of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act to amend and make more efteftuakthe Laws " relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and " disorderly Persons, and to Houses of Correction," was committed.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Tuesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Pawnbrokers Mr. Mainivaring presented to the House, according Bill, presented. Order, a Bill for more effectually regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Leith Harbour Mr. William Dundas presented to the House, accord-Bili, prUtnted. ing to Order, a Bill for enabling the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland to advance to the Lord Pro-voft and Magistrates of the City of Edinburgh, for the Purpose of completing the Improvements of the Harbour of Leith, a certain Sum, being Part of the Money which, by an Act; of the last Session of Parliament, was directed to be paid into the said Court of Exchequer by the Proprietors of the Forth and Navigation: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

7

Mr. Braggs, according to Order, reported from the Report Way Committee of the whole Floufe, to whom it was re- and Mcaci-ferred toconsider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Lottery. That, towards railing the Supply granted to Flis Majesty, the Sum of Eight Hundred Twenty-six Thousand Two Hundred and Fifty Pounds be raised by Way of Lottery, such Lottery to conlift of Sixty Thousand Tickets, at Thirteen Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Five Pence each; and that the Contributors towards the same shall, on or before the 19th Day of this Instant make a Deposit with the Cashier of the Bank of England of One Pound Five Shillings and Five Pence, in respect of the Monies to be paid for every such Ticket, as a Security for making the future Payments to the said

Cashier

Order for Bill respecting Mill Stones, discharged.

Report on Duties upon Opi-tup, &c.

40 Geo. III.

15

Mail.

533

Cashier on or before the Times herein after limited j that is to say j

£.2. 10 s.on or before the 14th Day of July next:

£. 2. on or before the 29th Day of next:

£.2. on or before the 20th Day of next:

£.3. on or before the 5th Day of December next; and

£. 3. on or before the 23d Day of January 1801:

And that Tickets, as soon as the same can be prepared, shall be delivered to the Contributors so completing their Payments: That the Sum of Five Hundred Thousand Pounds shall be distributed into Prizes, for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the fortunate Tickets in the said Lottery, which Prizes shall be charged upon the Aids and Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Service of the Year 1S00, and be paid, at the Bank of England, in Money, to such Proprietors, upon Demand, on or at any Time after the iftDay of August 1801, as soon as Certificates can be made out, without any Deduction whatsoever; and that all the Monies to be received by the said Cashier, shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, to be applied, from Time to Time, to such Services as shall then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament: That every Contributor, who shall pay in the Whole of his or her Contribution Money, towards the said Sum of Eight Hundred and Twenty-six Thousand Two Hundred and Fifty Pounds, at any Time on or before the 4th Day of December 1800, shall be allowed an Interest, by Way of Discount, alter the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Adnum, on the Sums so completing his or her Contribution respectively, to be computed from the Day of completing the same to the 23d Day of Ja-numy iSor.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Quetlion put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Pybus, Mr. 'Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor

General,. Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 25th Day of April last, for Leave to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Resolutions reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of exempting Burr Stones takenirom a Quarry near Conway, in North Wales, to be used as Mill Slones only, from the Duty imposed by an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain " Duties of Customs on Slate, Stone, and Marbleand who were instrudled to consider of so much of n Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom; and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods " imported and exported, and on the Tonnage of certain Ships entering Outwards or Inwards to or from " Foreign Parts, until the Signing the Preliminary Articks of Peace," as charges a Duty on Oil or Blubber imported into this Kingdom from the Greenland Fisheries and Davis's Streights, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That so much of the said Order as relates to the First of the said Resolutions be discharged.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Protection of the " Trade of this Kingdom; and for granting new and " additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported " and exported, and on the Tonnage of certain Ships " entering Outwards or Inwards to or from Foreign Vol. 55.

" Parts, until the Signing the Preliminary Articles of " Peace," as relates to the Duty on Opium imported into this Kingdom, and who were instructed to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of " Customs on Slate, Stone, and Marble," as imposes Duties on Burr Stofies, and on Stones used for the Purpose of paving, or of making or amending Roads, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duty granted by the said Act on Opium imported into this Kingdom do cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged, upon every One Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Opium imported into this Kingdom, a Duty of Three Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opipjon of this Committee, That it is expedient that all Stones whatever, cut or manufactured into Burr Stones, and all Stones used for the Purpose of paving, or making or mending Roads, should be exempted from the Duty granted by an Act, made ifi the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the last of the Resolutions which, upon the 25th Day of April last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of exempting Burr Stones taken from a Quarry near Conway, in North Wales, to be used as Mill Stones only, from the Duty imposed by an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present. Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty " certain Duties of Customs on Slate, Stone, and Marble j" and who were instructed to consider of so much, of an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom; and for " granting new and additional Duties of Customs oh " Goods imported and exported, and on the Tonnage " of certain Ships entering Outwards or Inwards to or " from Foreign Parts, until the Signing the Preliminary " Articles of Peace," as charges a Duty on Oil or Blubber imported into this Kingdom from the GreenlandFifhe-ries and Davis's Streights, that they do make Provision' therein, pursuant to the Resolutions now reported, and agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties payable on Oil of Turpentine imported into this Kingdom.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of the Duties and Drawbacks payable on Tar imported into, and exported from, this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingossed) for suspending the Duties on Hops imported into Great Britain, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for suspending, until the First Dav of January One thousand Eight hundred and One, the Duties on Hops imported into GBritain, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. <-

6 U Ordered,

Duties on Turpentine to be confide red,

Instruction respecting Duties on Tar.

Hep Duties Bill, pafTei. ‘

534

5

Mail.

A. 1800.

tm, Linens, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third &c. Bill, Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for making perpe-

FS‘rcd tual lb much of an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing the Duties on Glafi, as was to continue in Force for a limited Time; and to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty upon certain Species of.

and lrijhLinens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yams, made of Flax; to the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain-, to the encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and securing the Duties on Foreign Sail Cloth imported; to the securing the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails with a Duty; to the regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs, and of the Naval Officers in the British Colonies in , and of the

Officers of the Customs in the Island of Newjoundland; and to the landing Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties of Excise, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing the Duties on Glass, as was to continue in Force for a-limited Time; and to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irijii Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax, until the Twenty- ' fourth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred and One; to the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; to the encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and securing the Duties on Foreign-made Sail Cloth imported; to the securing the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails with a Duty, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand Eight hundred and Four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs, and of the Naval Officers in the British Colonies in , and of the Officers of the Customs in the Island of , un-

til the Ninth Day of May One thousand Eight hundred and Four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the landing Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties of Excise, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand Eight hundred and Five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newjoundland, and Parts adjacent, from Great,

Ireland, and th t British Dominions in until the First Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and Two; and to the further Support and Encouragement of the Fillicrics carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, until the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Eight hundred and One.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and ftelire their Concurrence.

K»ga» anJ The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

B'lLdJf md refofre itself into a Committee of the whole House,

1 upon the Bill to repeal the Dufies on Sugar and Coffee

exported, granted by. an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused; for reviving so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the af-ceztaining the Average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation thereof; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported, for a Time to be limited;

Resolved, That this House will," Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself info the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the J louse to CommiMeeon resolve itself into a Committe of the whole House, upon Dii'pmes'be-" the Bill for the better settling of Disputes between Maf- Mailer ters and Mistresses of Families and their Menial or Do- anJ Ser, ants-meftic Servants;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- inftroaioo. mittee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for punishing Persons who undertake to perform certain Works, and neglect or refuse to pay the Wages of the Labourers by them employed, and also for let-tling Disputes between Persons employing Servants and Labourers to do Work by the Great, and the Persons so employed.

Then the House refblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Jodrell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Jodrell reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Meffiige from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. The Lord Popham: h Ve agreed (.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Wrexham and for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, lb far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of Wrexham in the county of,

to Pentre Bridge, in the county of ; without any

Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Tholihorpe, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Bjii.inclolu‘e Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Town-ships of Tholthorpe and Flawith, in the Parish of Alne, in the North Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bimack with for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Com- fuJS,ln‘l0" mon Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Barnack with in

the County of Northampton; without any Amendment:

And also,

, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Swanfc for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the mem . Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge across the River Tawey, at a Place called The Wich , in the Parish of Llanjamlett, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of

Llangejelach, in the County of Glamorgan, for making proper Avenues or Roads to and from the said Bridge, and also for repairing and widening the Road from Penny Brook, near a Place called Aberdwyberlhy, in the Parish of Saint John's, near Swansea, to the said intended Bridge; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to The LoiJs empower the Guardians of the raoft Noble Henry Duke of NezvcaJlle, an Infant, to grant Leases of certain Parts caitie's E.uie of his Estates in the County of Nottingham; to which Blll> the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Bill, read. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Tire

535

Report rfc-spehing Waste Lands further considerod *

Message to the Lords, to acquaint them with the Resolutions.

Order for Account of Extraoniinarus of Army, discharged.

Committee on Mt . Foden's Petition to re-jfun Evidence *

Barbolin Incloi'ure Bill, pa fled.

40 Geo. III. 150 — 160

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Select Committee appointed to consider of the most effectual Means of facilitating, under the Authority of Parliament, the lndofure and Improvement of the Waste, Uninclosed, and Unproductive Lands, Commons, Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, and Common of Pasture, in this Kingdom.

And the Four first Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being, read a Second Time, an Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by inferring, after the'Words " Payment of Half the," the Word " Bill." _ '

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended, That in the same of small Inclosures, not exceeding Three Hundred Acres, it may be expedient to provide, that such Bills should be considered, as to the Payment of Fees, only as Single Bills; and that those for the Inclosure of smaller Tracts of Land, not exceeding One Hundred Acres, should be subject only to the Payment of Half the Bill Fees due on a Single Bill: The Admeasurement in both Cafes to be proved in the same Manner as is proposed by the Second Resolution regarding Notices and Consents.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them, that this House, having taken into their Consideration the most effectual Means of facilitating, under the Authority of Parliament, the Inclosure and Improvement of the Waste, Uninclosed, and Unproductive Lands, Commons, Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, and Common of Pasture, in this Kingdom, have come to several Resolutions thereupon, which they have directed to be communicated to their Lordships.

Ordered, That Sir John Sinclair do carry the said ' Message.

The House was moved. That the Order, made Yesterday, That there be laid before this House, An Account of the Distribution of the Sum of £.4,241,433, expended for the Extraordinary Services of the Army, in the Year 1799; distinguishing the principal Articles thereof, and their Amount respectively, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

V eneris, i 6° die Mali $

Anno 40° Georgii IIP'1 Regis, 1800.

Praters.

MR. Francis John Browne presented to the House,- Winteiboi n. according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting,- Inc£^ Bll,» and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Winterborne Stickland, in the County of Dorset, and fof extinguishing the Tythes in the same Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Burrow be added to the Gentle- Member addeJ men who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill 8 'n

for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Bui.

Powers, of Two Acts, made for repairing, amending, and widening, the Road from Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to in Kendal, in

the County of IVefmorland, so far as the same relate to

that Part of the said Road w'hich lies within the Counties of IVJlmorland and Ldincaster.

Mr. Burrow presented to the House, according to Or- Bdi, pitfcmet!. der, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made for repairing, amending, and widening, the Road from Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, so far as the same relate to that Part of the said Road which lies within the Counties of Westmorland and And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Charles Yorke presented to the House, according Surrey Road to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering BlU,rref<:nted‘ and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Sutton, in the County of , through the Borough of Reigate, by Sidlow to

Povey Cross, and from Sutton aforesaid, through Cheam, and over Howell Hill, to Ezvell, and also the Road from Tadworth, by the Windmill, to the Bottom of Pebble Hill, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition A Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, £!y (Middle of Thomas Foden, of the City of Coventry, Chymist and Two Acts, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign sin, commiu Cotton Manufacturer, is referred, have Leave to report of King the Second, and in the Twenty-ninth ted.

the Minutes of the Evidence taken before them. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for draining

and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in An ingossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, between The the Open Fields, Meadows, Pasture, Waste, and other Cam, otherwise Grant, Ouse, and Mildenhall Rivers, and Uninclosed Lands and Grounds, in the Parish or Lord- bounded on the South East by the Hard Lands of Ife-ship of Barholm, in the County of Lincoln; and also, ham, Fordham, Soham, and IVickenand for empowering certain Intercommon Fields, belonging to the Hamlet the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Com-of Slow and Parish of Barholm, in the said County of pany of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens Lincoln, was read the Third Time. called Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands within the

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title said Limits, commonly called Invested Lands-, and for be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the laying certain Rates on Vessels navigated upon the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures,. and Rivers, towards supporting the Banks thereof, was read Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of Barholm, in the a Second Time.

County of Lincoln. - Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Heathcoie do carry the Bill Yorke, General Adeane, &c.: And they are to meet this to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham-

ber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Ten of the Clock. Mr. Gore Langton reported from the Committee, to Huntspill in.

whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and Vot. 55. others,

536 i6°

r

others, Owners and Proprietors of Estates in the Parishes of HuKtfpill, Canuington, Stockland and

Stogurfey, in the County of , was referred; That

the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Inclosure and Drainage Bills, had been complied with, as far as re-speefts the affixing of Notices of the Application to Parliament on the Doors of the Parish Churches of fpilland Stockland Bristol, but that no Notice had been affixed on the Doors of the Churches of the Parishes of Canniugtcnand Stogurfey, it not being known that the Open and Commonable Failure called Stert,

Part of the Lands intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, extended into those Parishes, until after the Time limited by the House for giving Notices of intended Applications for Bills of Inclosure; and that all Perl'ons interested in the said intended Division and Ip-closure, within the said Two Iall mentioned Parishes, are confcnting to the Bill (except the Lord of the Manor of Stogurfey, who has no other Interest than the Right of

the Soil of such Part of Stert Common as lies within his Manor, and who refused to sign the Bill, because he thought all Inclosures injurious, but said he would not oppol'e the Bill); and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Jeffery, being examined, said. That there are, within the said Parish of Huntspill, certain Open and Commonable Arable Lands, and a certain Close of Land, called Great South Field, wherein divers Persons have small detached Parcels, which lie very much intermixed,

- and very' inconveniently situated for the Occupation thereof; and that there is, within the said Parishes of Huntspill, Canuington, Stockland Bristol, and Stogurfey, a certain Open and Commonable Pasture, called or known by the Name of Stert Common, wherein divers Owners of Estates within the said Parishes have Right of Common, and which Pasture Lapd, being bounded by the Bristol Channel and the River is liable to

be much injured by Floods; and that it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the several Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the said Commonable Arable Lands, and Great South Field, if the several Parcels thereof were exchanged, allotted, and (except Great South Field)inclosccl; and it would also be of great Benefit and Advantage to the several Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the said Open and Commonable Pasture, if the same was divided and allotted, and such Allotments inclosed and improved, and preserved front being injured by Floods.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for exchanging, allotting, improving, and inclosing, certain Open and Commonable Lands, and for exchanging Parts of a certain Close of Pasture Land, within the Parish of Huntspill, in the County of Somerset, and for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, a certain Open and Commonable Pasture called Stert Common, situate in the Parish of Huntspill aforesaid, and in the Parishes of Canning ton, Stockland Bristol, and Stogurfey, in the said County of Somerset: And that Mr and

Mr. Dickinson do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Petition for Mr. Gore Langton reported from the Committee, to Lotver^Coinp- w^om the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names ton, &c.Roads are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for carrying Bill, reported. into Execution Two Acts, One made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Half-way House, in the Parish of Lower Compton, in the County of Dorset, through the Towns of

Maii. A. 1800,.

Crewkerne, and Chard, to the East End of the Town of

Axminster, in the County of Devon, and also several other Roads round the said Towns of Yeovil and Chard, in the County of Somerset, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative toTurnpike Bills, had been complied with, agreeably to the Leave granted by the House on the 21st Day of April last, as appears by the Report made to the House, upon last, relative thereto; and that the

Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the' fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. John Bitten, being examined, said, That it would be injurious and inconvenient to certain Individuals, if the Whole of that Branch of Road which leads from a Place called CutheJge, in the Parish of West Coker, in the said County of Somerset, through the said Parish of Wist Coker, and the Parish of

Odcomhe, in the said County of Somerset, by,

to the Bottom of ChinnockHill, in the Parish of East

Chinnock, in the said County of Somerset, was to be discontinued: — And, the Witness added, That the Whole of the Road intended to be continued is not more than One Mile and One Furlong, to which the major Part in Value of the Creditors are consenting.

The House was moved. That the said Report, which was made, upon Wednesday last, relative to the said Notices, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, InstrufKon. to whom the Bill for repealing. Two Acts, One made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Half-way House, in the Parish of Compton, in the County of Dorset, through the Towns of Yeovil, Crewkerne, and Chard, to the East End of the Town of Axminster, in the County of Devon, and several other Roads therein mentioned; and also for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads . leading from the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, as relates to repairing the Road from the Direction Poll in Widcombe Moor, through Ash Lane, to

Chard; and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes, and for altering and diverting certain Parts of the said Roads, is committed, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for continuing so much of the present Turnpike Road as leads from a Place called Cuthedge, in, or near to, the Parish of West , to the First Cross Road beyond Pye Corner, in the Parish of Odcombe, in the County of Somerset.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the wimchurch Open and Common Fields, Common or Commonable incloUl,e Meadows, Pastures, Lands and Grounds, and Waste comimttcl Lands, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Fane, Lord Charles Spencer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at. Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to enable Sir George Pigot, Baronet, Margaret Pigot's Lot-Fisher, and Frances Pigot, to dispose of a Diamond by a Lottery, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Monckton,

Lord Granville Leveson Gower, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill

40 Geo. III. i ( 537

Twiionlami A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the wards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the commutedf111' Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Town ship of ThurJion/and,\u the Parish of Kirkburton,\n To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

ttie West Riding of the County of York, was read a Henry Holland, Junior, produced to Your Committee, a Second Time. Copy of a Notice which he saw affixed on the Door of

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry the Sessions House for the County of Devon, at the last La [cedes, Mr. Mainwaring, &c.: And they are to meet Eastef Sessions, of the Application to Parliament for this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Leave to bring in a Bill for better paving, cleansing, wa-Chamber. tering, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and

other Public Passages and Places, within the Town and Rmlun and Mr. 'Jones presented to the House, according to Order, Borough of Okehampton, in the County of and re-

MoUi Road a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and en- moving and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Bill, pieicnted. ]Arging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, and for widening Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the and opening the Streets in some Places, and making Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of new Streets and Passages where necessary, and for taking His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keep- down the present Guildhall, Market House, and Shambles, ing in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, lo far as together with a Place called The Middle Rozv, and build-the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town ing a new Guildhall, Market House, and Shambles; and of Ruthin, in the County of Denbigh, to the Town of for repairing, altering, and improving the present Bridges Mold, in the County of Flint:And the same was re- over the Rivers within the said Town and Borough': ceived; and read the First Time. And, the Witness also produced the Newspaper called

Rtjolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. The Exeter and Plymouth , in which the like No-.

tice was inserted on the 24th Day of April last, and the Nevnrfcitpon Ordered, That Mr. Ellison do make the Report from ift and 8th Days of this Instant May: And,

£«nR.u"Cl0' ^,c Committee to whom the Bill for dividing and in- A Member present informed Your Committee, That

pjrtcdl 'rC closing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Waste the Reason why the Two last of the said Notices werfe Lands, in the Parish of Newark upon Trent, in the not given in the Month of April, conformably to the County of Nottingham, was committed. Leave of the House of the 24th Day of February last,

Mr. Ellison accordingly reported from the said Com- was owing to the Miscarriage of a Letter directing the mittee. That the Committee had examined, and found farpe to be done.

that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills The House was moved. That the Report which, upon of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the the 24th Day of February last, was made from the Com Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, mittee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Corporation, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties con- Feoffees, and Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of cerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satis- Okehampton, in the County of Devon, whose Names are faction of tire Committee; and that the Committee had thereunto lubscribeci, was referred, might be again gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments read.

thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the And the same being read accordingly;

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at paving, and otherwise improving, the Town of Oke-the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once hampton, in the County of Devon: And that Mr. Retread throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Jon, Mr. Tyrw'hitt, and Mr. William Adams, do prepare. One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, and bring in, the fame, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Ordered, That Mr. Ellison do carry to the Lords the ingrafted. ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Scrafc's Rffate Mr. Charles Smith reported from the Committee, to Waste Grounds, in the I.ordship of Barholm, in the B'd' whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An County of Lincoln, and desire the Concurrence of their

" pa Act for enablingTruftecs toenfranchise Copyhold Meffu- Lordships thereto.

ages or Tenements in the Manor of Brighthelmston, in the County of SufJ'ex, and to grant Leases of certain other The 1 Order of the Day being read, for the Second

Tenements within the said Manor, devised by the Will Reading of the Bill for further regulating Life Annuities, of the late Charles Scrafe, Esquire, deceased, was com- and for Relief of the Grantees of Life Annuities in cer-mitfed; That the Committee had examined the Allega- tain Cafes;

tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the upon Monday Sevennight, the 26th Day of this Instant Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the May.

Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the

House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Usher Bill in at the Clerk's Table. of the Black Rod:

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. Mr. Speaker,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Smith do carry the Bill to Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the imme-agi ced to the fame, without any Amendment. diate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the Houic

of Peers, to hear the Commission read, petition re- Mr. Rvbfon reported from the Committee, to whom Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up ,a'Tiw- okc ^ie Petition of the Mayor, Corporation, Feoffees, and to the House of Peers.

hnm;>ton Pav^ Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of Okehampton, And being returned;

.ing,'reported, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto Mr. Speaker reported, That the -House, at the Desire

subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had exa- of the Lords authorized by virtue of His MajestyV

mined the Matter of the Aid Petition, and had directed Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the , Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after- read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assetlt Vol. 55. 6 X to

0

Mr. Ellison to carry Barholm Inclosure Bill to the Lords.

Life Annuities Bill deferred.

Royal A (Tent to Bills,

538 i (? Mai, A. iSoa.

to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; " and

and a'lo empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of " and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs,

Wales, H is Royal Highness the Duke of York, His " and Commonalty of the Company Conservators of

Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal " the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the " Level, to fell certain Lands lying within the Limits Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of aforesaid, Commonly called Lands

Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-Lords,'to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said liament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Bills; and that the Lord Archbilliop of Canterbury, the Povyers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of Lord Eldon, and the Earl Spencer, named also in the the Reign of his late Majesty King Geer ye the Second,

J'aid Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Royal Assent to the said Bills; Which Bills are as follow- Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the eth; viz. Szvan Inn Kt to the May Pole, at the Upper

An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the End of Spital or Street, in the Parish of Stoke,

last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for per- near the Town of in the County of

" mitting certain Goods imported from the East Indies An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and " to be warehoused, and for repealing the Duties now from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parpayable thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu liament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers,

" thereof," as relates to Salt Petre: of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for.recalled England, for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth paring several Roads in die Counties of and Devon,

Day of March One thousand Eight hundred: - leading to and through the Borough of Lyme Regis, and

An Act to enlarge the Powers of the Directors and from the Turnpike Road on Hill, to the Turn-

Guardians of the Poor within the several Hundreds, pike Road at the in the Parish of

Towns, and D.stricts, in that Part of Great Britain called in, the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein England, incorporated by divers Acts of Parliament, for mentioned:

the Purpose of the better Maintenance and Employ- An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and ment of the Poor, as to the Assessments to be made from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-.upon the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, therein liament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the mentioned, until the First Day of January One thousand Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth Year Eight hundred artd Two: of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Se-

An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be cond, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His prepaid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers: sent Majesty, so far as the same relate to repairing and

An Act for explaining and amending several Acts, made widening the Road from the Borough of Ripon, by Ingram in the Thirty-second Year of King Henry the Eighth,'and Bank, to the Town of Pateley Bridge, in the County of the First, Thirteenth, and Fourteenth Years of the Reign York': . i

of Queen Elizabeth, so far as respects Leases granted by An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and Archbishops, Bishops, Mailers and Fellows of Colleges, from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia-Deans and Chapters of Cathedral and Collegiate Churches, ment, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, Mailers and Guardians of Hospitals, and others, having of an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign any Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Living or Promotion: of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for more

An Act for the better Observance of Good Friday, in . " effectually repairing the Road leading from the Town certain Cafes therein mentioned: " of Denbigh, to the Town of Saint' Asaph, and from

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Ca- " thence to the Town and Port of Ruthland, in the nal from the River Thames, near to the Town of Grave/- " Counties of Denbigh and and for repealing an

end, in the County of Kent, to the River Medway, at a " Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Place called Nicholfous Ship Yard, in the Parish of Frindf- Majesty King George the Second, so far as the same bury, in the said County; and also a certain Collateral " relates to the said Road:"

Cut from White Wall, in the said Parish, to the said River An Act for continuing for Twenty-onc Years, and Medway: from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia-

An Act for amending the several Acts passed for ment, the Term, and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, making, extending, finishing, and completing, the Canal passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Navigation from Manchester to or near A fit on under Lyne Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth -and Oldham, and the several Cuts, and other Works, au- Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, thorized to be made and done by the Company of Pro- widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein prietors of the said Canal Navigation, and for granting mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road to the said Company further and other Powers: leading from the Town of Wrexham, in the County of

An Act for lighting the Streets and Lanes of the Bo- -Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the county of : rough of Berwick upon Tweed, and the Quays and Wharfs An Act for vesting in Heneage Legge and William Shel-belonging to the said Borough, and that Part of the don, Esquires, divers Freehold Lands and Heredita- Bridge over the River Tweed which lies within the Liber- ments, in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen,

.ties of the said Borough, and also the Street of CaJUegatt, in the County of Surrey, late the Estate of Sarah -within the said Borough, or the Liberties thereof, and for Widow, and conveyed by her to Esquire,

paving the Footpaths of the Streets of the said Borough, and Hills, Gentleman, by Indentures of Lease and

and of Caflegateafore laid, and for preventing Obstruc- Release, bearing Date respectively the Twentieth and

ctions, Nuifences, and Annoyances therein: Twenty-first Days of March One thousand Seven hun-

An Act to alter, explain, amend, and render more ef- dred and Seventy-four, upon several Trulls, and for feftual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the enabling tire said Heneage Legge and William Sheldon to Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, inti- execute such of the same Trusts as are now subsisting: tuled, M An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen - An Act for uniting the North Mediety of the RecLands in the Isle of Ely and County of Norfolk, lying tory of Leverton, in the County of with the

between The Hundred Foot River and the Ouze, and South Mediety of the same Rectory, from and after the " bounded on thp South by the.Hard Lands of Mepall, next Avoidance of either Benefice:

..... - - . An

The Lords

(kliic A Coil feicuce *

The Howie will fend an AniWer.

40 Geo. III.

16 Mail.

539

An Act fordividing, allotting, inclosing, artd laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Milton, in the county of ; Cambridge:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common or Waste Ground called Ashby JVoulds, in the Manor arid Parish of Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the County of Leicester:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain. Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parishes of Stoke upon Tern and Hirfiock, in the County of Salop:

An Act fordividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Field or Mesne Inclosure, Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of other-'

wife Denby with Clayton West, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing,. allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Land and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Over and Nether Dean, in the County of Bedford:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Common Meadows, within such Part of the Parish of as

is within the County of Gioueester-: .

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Common called TanfieldMoor, in the Parish of Chester-le-Street,

in the County of Durham: '

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds', in the Parish of Farndish, in the Counties of Bedford and Northampton, or One of them:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds^ within the Parish of Ryhall with Belmefthorpe, otherwise Belminfihorpe, in the County of Rutland:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Open Fields, Commons, Commonable Wood Grounds, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of in the County of

Norfolk:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Bar-nackwith Pilfgat e,in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townlliips of Tholtkorpeand Flawith, in the Parish of Alne, in the North Riding of the County of York]:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Edward Henry Columbine., Esquire, with Anna Maria , his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

A Message from the Lords, by the Clerk Assistant and the Deputy Clerk of the Crown:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon a Subject materially affecting the Safety of His Majesty's Sacred Person, and the Happiness of His People: And also, The Lords have directed us to inform this House, That, from the Absence of their usual Messengers, and the urgent Importance of the Cafe, their Lordships had been induced to fend this Meftage by their Clerk Assistant and the Deputy Clerk of the Crown.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

ReJ'olved, That this House will fend an Answer by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were again called in j and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth acquiesce in the Rea-fons assigned by the Lords for fending the said Message by Vol. 55.

the Clerk Assistant and the Deputy Clerk of the Crown, instead of the usual Messengers, trusting that the lame, will not be drawn into Precedent for the future.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a Conference with the Lords, as is desired by their Lordships; and that a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them therewith.

Ordered, That the Lord Hazvkesbury do carry the said Message.

The Lord Hpwkesbury reported. That he had been with'

the Lords; and acquainted them, that this House had agreed to a Conference, as desired by their Lordships.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to manage the said Conference:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr; Secretary at War, Mr. Ryder, Mr. the Lord Hawkesbury, the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Charles

Yorkc, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr fcelles, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. John , Mr. Bramston, Mr. Sloane, Mr. Thomas Pelham, Mr lace, Mr. EJlcourt, Sir Henry Paulet St. John Mildmay,

Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp.

Then the Names of the Managers were called over 5 and they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

Mr. Secretary Dundas reported. That the Managers had met the Lords at the Conference, which was managed, on the Part of the Lords, by His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales j and that the Conference was to acquaint this House, that the Lords, in consequence of the recent most atrocious and treasonable Attempt on His Majesty's Most Sacred Person, by which His Majesty's Life, so justly dear to all His faithful Subjects, was exposed to the utmost Danger, have taken the same intd Consideration, and have agreed to an Address to be presented to His Majesty thereupon, to which Address the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

The House proceeded to take the said Address into Consideration.

And the said Address was read , and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, 'in Parliament assembled, beg Leave humbly to approach Your Majesty's Throne, to express our Horror and Indignation at the late atrocious and treasonaBIe Attempt against Your Majesty's Sacred Person, and our heartfelt Congratulations to Your Majesty, and to our Country, on Your Majesty's happy Preservation from so great a Danger.

Attached to Your Majesty by every Sentiment which Can most endear a Sovereign to His People, by the long Experience of Your Majesty's paternal Affection towards us, by the Sense of all the Benefits which we derive from Your Majesty's just and mild Government, and by our Veneration for the distinguished Virtues which adorn Your Majesty's Character, and which are always most eminently displayed in the Hour of Trial, we acknowledge, with all Humility and Gratitude, the merciful Interposition of that Providence which has been so signally manifested on this Occasion; and we make it our carnest Prayer to Almighty God, that He will long preserve to us the same Blessings, and that He will continue to watch over and to prated a Life so justly dear to us.

Then the said Address being read a Second Time;

Resolved, Nemine Conlradicente, That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Address to be presented to His Majesty.

And the Blank therein was filled up with the Words " and Commons."

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint their Lord ships, that this House hath agreed to the Address to which the Lords desired the Concurrence

House agree to a Conference.

Managers ap pointed.

Conference reported.

Lords Address cordidered, and agreed to *

jC->nmv(fee an A-t lor Relief cl de-

ferred.

London

Docks, &c. BUI, deferred.

Way and

Meant, deferred.

Supply, defer rad.

Committee on Acts icfpefl-sng Duties on Income, defer red.

Committee on Duties upon Turpentine, deferred *

Sugar and Cotfee Duties Bill deferred *

Report on

Leicester and Melton Movy-b:ay Naviga- % jn Bill, lur-thei con tide red.

54®

16° — 19'

Mail

A. 1800.

of this H°ufe, and have filled up the Blank with the Words " and Commons/ *

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary do carry the said

Me flags.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itfeH" into a Committee of th& whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to relieve, upon Conditions, and undef Restrictions, " the Persons therein described, from certain Penalties " and Disabilities to which Papists, or Persons profelEng " the Popish Religion, are by Law subject."

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making Wet Docks, Batons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accom-niodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House wiH, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole tdoule, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to Tils Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Acts, palfed in the hail Session of Parliament, relative to Duties on Income.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn -rng next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties payable on Oil of Turpentine imported into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, granted by an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused; for reviving so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the Average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation thereof; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported, for a Time to be limited.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 19 Matty

Anno 40 Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1800.

Prayers.

AMOTION being made. That the Report which, upon the 9th Day of this Inllant May, was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the { Leicester Navigation to Melton Alow bray, in the County of Leicester, to complete their Navigation, and to discharge the Debts contracted by them in the making thereof, and for amending the Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Navigation, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideration;

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon 6

Tuesday lall, pursuanf to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, accord- ®:rk^Jnc,a ing to Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, draining, and Bill,

improving, the Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, picwiaeu. and for draining, embanking, and improving, other Lands, within the Township. of Birkin, in the Parish of Birkin, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improv- Wom t(Wa-ing, the several Open Arable Fields, Ings, Pallures, Com- Bl‘l mons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of merfley, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving, the several Open Arable Fields, Ings, Pallures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of IVomerfey, in the West Riding of the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Carlton and the Open Common Fields, Ings, Marshes, Common,

Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Carlton, in the Parish of Snailh, and the Manor and Township of Camblesforth, in the Parish of Drax, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time. ',

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the

j o

Bill, by Way of Ryder, for appointing Arbitrators for the Purpose of ascertaining the Neceftity of erecting a Clough in the Township of Barlow.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 30. 1.29. After ".empowered" to insert " first " having the Consent in Writing " of the said Thomas Stapleton,

" William Sotheron, and Benjamin " Earn/Jiaw."

Pr. 32. 1. 22. To leave out " several" and insert t‘ Proprietor or Proprietors of the " Lands and Grounds, or by the" inllead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Ings, Marshes, Common, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Carlton, in the Parish of Snaith, and the Manor and Township of Camblesforth, in the Parish of Drax, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. All ley presented to the House, according to Order, Sprowfton in„ a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons clo|ur ?,11» and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in pieeBt

the

tkikeof New-castte'a EUatc Bill, commit t«4

New Sarum taol Bill, pre-. feted.

Bill for confirming an -Agreement for Seif ton, &c. Inclosure Bill, Committed.

petition of Ouse Navigation Company, against Ncvv-haven and JLewes Navigation and Otainage Bill.

t<mer Compton and Yeovil, &c. Road Sill reported.

40 Geo. III. 19 Mail 54 *

the County of Norfolk: And the same was received i and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to empower the Guardians of the most Noble Henry Duke of Newcastle, an Infant, to grant Leases of certain;

Parts of his Estates in the County of , was.

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Scotty the Lord Hawkesbury, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham ber.

Mr. William Henry Rouverie presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Removal " and Re-building the Council Chamber, Guildhall,

" and Gaol of the City of New and for afeer-

" taining the Tolls of the Market, and regulating the " Chairmen, within the said City," as requires the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of New Sarum to build a new Gaol within the said City, or the Suburbs or Pflecinfts thereof; and for authorizing the Commitment of Felons and other Persons within the Limits of the said City, and the Close thereof, to the Gaol of the County of Wilts, and for explaining and amending the said Aftt And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for confirming and establishing the Division and Inclosure of a certain Common, or Parcel of Waste Land, called Session For eft, otherwise The Long For eft, within the Townships of Seif, Backe, and in

the Parish of Culmington, in the County of Salop, and certain Exchanges of Lands and Estates within the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Peachey, Sir Richard Hill, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the River Ouse Navigation, in the County of was

presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to alter, amend, and enlarge, the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for improving the Navigation of the River Ouse, between New-haven Bridge and Lewes Bridge, in the County of , and for the better draining of the Low Lands lying in Lewes and Laughton Levels, in the said County; and Setting forth, That the same tends to the great Prejudice of the Interest of the said Company: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that they may be heard against it, by themselves or Counsel, as the House shall please to direct.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gore London reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing Two Acts, one made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Half-way House, in the Parish of Lower Compton, in the County of Dorset, through the Towns of Yeovil, Crewkerne, and Chard, to the East End of

the Town of Axminfer, in the County of and

several other Roads therein mentioned; and also for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, in Vol. 55.

the County of Somerset, as relates to repairing the Road from the Direction Poll in Moor, through

Street Act Lane, to Chard; and for making rpore effectual Provision for those Purposes, and for altering and diverting certain Parts of the said Roads, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill , and made several Amendments thereunto, which they, had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by die House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gore Langton presented to the House, according to Order/ a Bill for exchanging, allotting, improving, and inclosing, certain Open and Commonable Lands, and for exchanging Parts of a certain Close of Pasture Land, within the Parish of in the County of

Somerset, and for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, a certain Open and Commonable Pasture, called Stert Common, situate in the Pari fir of Huntspill aforesaid, and in the Parishes of Gannington, Stockland Bristol, and Stogurfey, in the said County of Somerset: An4

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. West cm reported from the Committee, to Whom the Bill for building a new Bridge oyer the River Chel-mer, or Blackwaler, at Fullbridge, in the Town of -don, in the County of Essex,'was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One t and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the LIoufe;

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Billj.pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the most Noble William Duke of Manchester, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of, and otherwise interested in, the Open Common, Fields, Common Meadows, Fens, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Holywell with Needingworth, in the County of Huntingdon.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Holywell with Needingworth, in the County of Huntingdon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Samuel Thornton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to empower the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to purchase certain Houses and Ground contiguous to the Bank of England; and to enable them to improve certain Avenues adjacent thereto j And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

t Y A Petition

ttuntfyni Ito- *

ciofure, &c. Bill, presentcdi

MaMcmBndg Bill, rcportfcdi

Member added to bring ilt Holywell Inclosure Bill *

Bill, prefaltt4«

Bank Buildings Bill, pr« tented.

A. 1800.

Petition relative to Notices for Provitkm in Tctbury, &t. Roads Bill.

Wicks' Efhte Bill, committed.

Life Annuities ^ill, deferred.

London Cart Bill, deferred.

Committee on Accounts of CItrks Fees, deferred.

Account of Consolidated FtiuJ, ordergd.

5 41 19

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of-his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads in the County of Gloucester, was prei'ented to the House, and

read; Setting forth. That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House on the 14th of last March, Notice was given at the last General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of Gloucester, and likewise inserted Three Times in The Gloucester Journal, of the Application to Parliament for making, diverting, and repairing, the Road leading out of the Road from Gloucester to Bath, at Nailsworth, in the County of Gloucester: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made for making, repairing, and diverting, the said Road, in such Manner as the House may think proper *

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. E, the Lord , &e.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain detached Parts of the Estates devised by the Will of Michael Hicks, Esquire, in the Counties of Essex, Norjolk, Suffolk, and Gloucester, and in Lon-

don, in Trustees, for carrying into Execution certain Agreements for Sale of Parts thereof, and to fell the Other Parts thereof, and to apply the Money arifingdrom such Sales in the Purchase of other Estates in the said County of Gloucester, to be settled to the same Uses, was

fead a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Baker, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Friday last, for reading, a Second Time, upon Monday next, the Bill for further regulating Life Annuities, and for Relief of the Grantees of Life Annuities in certain Cafes, might be read.

And the said Older being read accordingly j

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon WednesdaySevennight, the 28th Day of this In-

stant May.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for extending the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Eighteenth and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to prevent the Misbehaviour of the Drivers of Carts in the Streets in London, Westminster, and the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Tuesday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow, to consider oT the several Accounts of the Net Produce of the Fees and Emoluments of the Clerk and Clerk Assistant attending the House of Commons, for the last Ten Years, might be read.

v And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before- this House, An Account of the Income of, and Charges upon, the

Consolidated Fund, for the Quarters ending the 5th of April, 5th of July, and 10th of October, 1799, and 5th of January, and 5th of April, 1800.

The House was moved. That the Resolution of the House, of Friday last, relative to the Messengers who brought a Message from the Lords, desiring a Conference-with this House, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly j and is as folio wet h; viz.

" Resolved, That this House doth acquiesce in the " Reasons assigned by the Lords for fending the said. " Message by the Clerk Assistant and the Deputy Clerk " of the Crown, instead of the usual Messengers, trull ing that the same will not be drawn into Precedent " for the future."

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to communicate the said Resolution to their Lordships.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the said Mef-sage.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the.Port of London, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon Monday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7 th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be postponed till after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for enabling the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland to advance to the Lord Provostand

Magistrates of the City of Edinburgh, for the Purpose of completing the Improvements of the Harbour of Leith, a certain Sum, being Part of the Money which, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, was directed to be paid into the said Court of Exchequer by the Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spranger and Mr. Smith: ,

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That His Majesty has appointed to be attended with the Address of both Houses of Parliament on PFedne/Oayunext, at Two of the Clock, at His Palace of Saint James; and that the Lords do intend to be there at that Time: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and One, certain Allowances to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants of Militia, disembodied under an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to accept the Services of an additional Number of Volunteers from the Militia, under certain Restrictions $" without any Amendment: And also,

Resolution no (peeling Messengeis, to be communicated to the Lords *

Report om London Docks, &c. Bill, further *

considered-

Leith Hat fcouf Bill, committed *

The King appoints to be a'fended by both Houi'e&»

The Lord *

have agreed to Militia Officers Allowances Bill.

40 Geo. III. 190 Mail. 545

Temple Bar The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An improvement A£|- for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution Two several Acts, passed in the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London, near Temple for making a more

commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill; and for railing, on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, a Sum of Money for those Purposesj and for explaining and amending the said Acts; without any Amendment: And also,

Shalboum Di- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An vision and Al- Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the tmem Bil. Qpen ancj Common L^nds and Grounds, within the Parish of Shalboum, in the Counties of Wilts and Berks j without any Amendment: And also,

The Lord The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

have passed vetting Part of the settled Estates of Richard KU.0 1 Eftal Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies in the Purchase of other Estates, to be lettled in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, and for other Purposes; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Committee on A Motion being made, That Leave be given to bring Motion for so a Bill for more effectually charging Public Account-PubifcfAc-nS ants the Payment of Interest j coununu. Ordered, That the said Motion be referred to the

Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider ' of that Motion.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said ' Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John William Anderson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received, reported. Sir John William Anderson accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually charging Public Accountants with the Payment of Interest.

And Sir John William Anderson moved the House accordingly.

jsiii ordered. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually charging Public Accountants with the Payment of Interest: And that Sir John William Anderson, Mr. Abbot, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Baker, and Mr. Manning, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolution re- Mr. Bragge reported to the House, That he had, ac-spefling Mcf- cording to Order, been with the Lords, and communi-ver^Tto the cated to their Lordships the Resolution of this House Lords. of Friday last, relative to the Messengers who brought

a Message from the Lords desiring a Conference with this House j and had1 left a Copy of such Resolution with their Lordships.

Resolutions Sir John Sinclair reported to the House, That he had, Wade Lan<ts according to Order, been with the Lords, and commu-delivered to ' nicated to their Lordships the several Resolutions agreed Uie Lords. to by this House, upon last, for facilitating,

under the Authority of Parliament, the Inclosure and Improvement of the Waste, Uninclosed, and Unproductive Lands, Commons, Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, and Common of Pasture, in this Kingdom, and had left a Copy thereof with their Lordships.

V°L. 55.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Bounty outitt? ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Jfy^tobe ' to consider of granting a Bounty on the Importation of considered. Rye into this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House cwnmittee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Aasrefpraing to consider of the several Acts passed in the last Session T0^ on " of Parliament, relative to Duties on Income, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair *

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Account of1 suant to their Order, Expence of

An Account of the Expence of the Volunteer Corps of the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the Time of feuied. their Establishment to the iftof January 1800, Hating, as near as may be, the Cost of each Corps.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day fof the Floufe committee am. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Duties on to consider of the Duties payable on Oil of Turpentine Turf>ei‘tiw! imported into this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to re ceiVe the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Dutim to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bill, deferral upon the Bill to repeal the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, granted by an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused; for reviving so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the Average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation thereof; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon Report dn the 28th Day of April last, was made from the Com- Petitions of mittee, to whom the Petition of William

Esquire, and also, the Petition of the Executors of red to a Com. Charles Ashwell, deceased, and William late of ^hokHouie.

the Island of Grenada, Esquire, were severally referred, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly j

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved,

544 19 — 20° Mail. 1800.

1 Resolved, Tint this House will, upon Friday Morning And he moved the House accordingly: And,

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, A Bill for dividing and inclosing Noman's , other-

to consider of the said Report. wife Norman's Moor, within the North Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Bill for set- Ordered, That the Ordet of the Day, For the House That the Bill be committed to Mr.

'rtwJrn ivia£ reF°lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to force, Mr. Henry , &c.: And they are to meet

to-sTndSer- consider further of the Bill for the better settling of this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's vanu, deter- Disputes between Mailers and Mistresses of Families and Chamber. r their Menial or Domestic Servants, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Refolded, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Morning, Ten of the Clock,

resolve itself into the said Committee.

Lottery Bill, pi dented.

Further Coni': deration of Report on Herring Fish-cries, deferred.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Supply, deferred.

Keport on London Docks, &c. Bill, further confukred.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the British Herring Fisheries, and into the moll effectual

Means for their Improvement and Extension j

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to tefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning

next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty j Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The pollponed Order of the Day being fead j

The-House proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cut;, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, feme of them were fiifagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to, by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill for making Satisfaction for Pavement in the Parishes of Saint Paul Shadwell and Saint George.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing that Compensation shall be made to Owners of Tenements, Labourers, and other Persons, if they are subject to Loss on Account of Carroons.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce have Leave to make-a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Seven of the Clock.

-5

Martis\ id die Mali;

Anno 40 Georgii IIItU Regis, 18 oo Thayers.

THE House proceeded to take Into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge across the River Tawey, at a Place called The Wich Tree, in the Parish of Llansamlett, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Llangefelach, in the County of f

for making proper Avenues or Roads to and from the said Bridge, and also for repairing and widening the Road from Pentre Brook, near a Place called Abetdicy-berthy, in the Parish of Saint John's, near Swansea, to the said intended Bridge.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followethj viz.

Pr. 3. 1,3. Leave out "Noble" and insert " Honourable."

The said Amendment, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords y and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road from a certain Bridge, over a Brook or Stream called Sudbrook, near the City of Gloucejltr, to the Nine Mile Stone on the Bristol Road, at or near a Place called The Clay Pitts, in the County of Gloucester, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and h? read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth y viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. William Bowyer, being examined, said, That, under and by virtue of the said Act, certain Trustees are appointed to repair the said Road; and certain Tolls are authorized to be collected and applied towards keeping the said Road in Repair.: That, in pursuance of the Powers of the said Act, a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed, and is now owing, upon the Credit of the said Tolls, which Money cannot be paid off, and the said Road kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is further continued, and the Tolls increased, and feme other Amendments and Alterations are made in the said Act.

- Ordered,

Kowan'i Moor Ind sure Bill, CQQK mitted. '

Lords Atnmd *

ment to Swaa fta Bridge Bill, agreed to.

Gloucester and Bi idol Road Fclirion, reported.

40 Geo. III. 20° M545

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, ior amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road from a 'Certain Bridge over a Brook or Stream called near the City of Gloucester, to the Nine Mile Stone on the Bristol Road, at or near a Place called The Clay

in the County of Gloucester: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Howard do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the City of co the Town of

Stroud, in the County of Glo was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was Tead: And,

Mr. William Bozvyer, being examined, said, That a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed, and is now owing, upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act, which Money cannot be paid off, and the said Road kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and the Tolls increased, and some other Alterations and Amendments made in the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road ffom the City of G/oucefrer to the Town of Stroud, in the County of Gloucester: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Hill do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Right honourable Lloyd Lord Kenyon, and the humble Petition of John KynajionPowell and William Clive, Esquires,

Owners of certain Lands and Tenements within the Parish of Wort hen, and County of Salop, on Behalf of themselves, and others, was referred.

Sir Richard Hill accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure and Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Plate; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. JoJ'eph Loxdale, being examined, said. That there are several Commons and Tracts of Open Waste Land within the Parish of Worthen, which in their present Situation

are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but that it would be of great Benefit to the Proprietors thereof, if the same were divided and indofed: — And, being further examined, he said, That there is an extensive Tract of Meadow and Pasture Land belonging to the Petitioners and others, situate between a certain Water called Marlon Pool, on the Confines of the Parish of Chir-

bury, in the County of Salop, running through the Parish of Worthen, to a certain Bridge called Horse Bridge, on the Confines of the Parish of ,in the said Coun-

ty, which from its low and flat Situation, is frequently overflowed, and greatly injured by a certain Brook called The Rea, and other Waters running through the VOL. 55.

lame; and that the said Lands might be considerably improved, if the Courses of the said -Brook and other Waters were Heightened, widened, and deepened, so as more speedily to carry off the fame, and if certain Banks and other Works were thrown up, and made over and upon the said Lands, to prevent the Inundation thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Lands, in the several Manors of Aston Pigot, Worthen, and Aston Rogers, in the Parish of Worthen, in the County of Salop!, and for straightening, widening and deepening, a certain Rivulet or Brook called The Rea, commencing at or near a certain Piece of Water called Marton Pool, on the Confines of the Parish of Chir-bury, and extending through the said Parish of Worthen, to a Bridge across the said River called Horse Bridge, on the Confines of the Parish of in the said Coun-

ty, and sundry Streams or Brooks emptying themselves thereinto: And that Sir Richard Hill and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Motion being made. That the Report which, upon the 9th Day of this Instant May, was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Oakham Canal to raise Money for completing the said Canal, and also for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideration.

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered, at the Door, to the Members of this House, upon Friday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spranger and Mr Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to confirm an Agreement entered into between the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury and the most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury to contract with the most Noble " Charles Duke of Richmond for the absolute Purchase " of the Property of the said Duke, and of all others " interested in a certain Duty of Twelve Pence per " Chaldron on Coals shipped in the River Tyne, to be " consumed in England, and to grant a Cotnpensation " for the lame, by Way of Annuity, payable out of the " Consolidated Fundwithout any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing the Rates <and Fares taken by Licensed Hackney Coachmen, and for establishing other Rates and Fares in lieu thereof; and for explaining and amending several Laws relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs;.without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more easy and expeditious Recovery of Small Debts, and determining Small Causes in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; without any Amendment: And also,

6 Z The

Report on Oakham Canal Bill, further considered *

The Lords have agreed to

Duke of Richmond's Agreement Bill *

Hackney

Coaches, &c.

Bill.

Scotch Small Debts Bill-

20° M

Dcarnc and Dove Canal Bill.

HmMersfield Canal Bill.

Perth Roads Bill.

Abetdecn Roads Bill.

Lightpill ami Bndlip Road Bill.

Hampdcad Foot Bill.

Crollon, &c. Drainage Bid.

Poringland, &r. inclosure Bill.

Rochd de Ciiiai Kd]t with Auic.,d-Rtcotd.

Pe ak Fore ft Canal Bill, with Amend-menu.

A. 1800.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Dearne. and Dove Canal Company to finish

and complete the said Canal, and the several Collateral Cuts branching therefrom; and for explaining, amending, and enlarging, the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and for increasing the Tolls thereby granted; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the Huddersfield Canal Company to finish and complete the Huddersfield Canal, and for amending the Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Huddersfield Canal; without any Amendment: And' also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Powers of so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth, as relates to the Road from Perth to Cupar, or the Neighbourhood thereof, towards Glammis, as far as the Confines of the said County j

without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rejiealing an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of ct Aberdeen," and for the more effectually amending, wi-

dening, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, and other Roads in the said County, and for levying a Converlion Money in lieu of the Statute Labour, and otherwise regulating the making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said Cfounty; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Road from, or from near. Light pill Gate, on the Road leading from Bath to Dud-

bridge, in the Parish of Rodborough to join the Turnpike Road from Painswick to Chelte, at or ngir to lip, in the Parishes of Brimpsfield and , or One

of them, all in the County of Gloucester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint John, Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for draining, improving, and prelcrving the Low Lands and Grounds within the Townships of Croston, Maws-dejley, Rufford, BiJ'pham, Tar/etand Bretherton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds in the Parishes of West

Poringland, Framingham Earl, Framingham Pigot, Armeringhall, Stoke Holy Cross, and Saint

in the County of Norfolk; and for making a Compensation for the Tythes arising in the said Parishes of Eafi Poringland, Framingham Earland Bixley; without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal to raile Money for completing the said Canal, and to vary the Line of the said Canal, and to alter, explain, and amend, the Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Peak Forefi Canal, and for granting to the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal

further and other Powers; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Leominiier for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and Roads^ Bill, improving, the Roads therein mentioned, leading fron^ menu.1" the-Town of Leominster, in the County of Hereford; with

some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Chippenham, for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and im- $5-proving, the Road from a Place called The Stone Pillar, Amendments, or C.roJ's Hand, in the Parish of Chippenh, in the County of Wilts, to, or near to, a Bridge, called Knox Bridge, in the Parish of Westerleigh, in the County of Gloucester, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said Counties of Wilts and Glow eft er; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and en- Lincoln Heath larging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty- and P«'erh°-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of ted-His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the East Side of Lincoln Heath to the City [of Peterborough; and from the East End of Marham Lane to the Town of Walton, in the County of Northampton; and from the Town of Bourn to the Town of Colfterworth; and from jBonington High Bridge

to the Cross Post in the Parish of Hacconby; and from the East End of a Lane, called Hale Drove, to and through the Town of Old Sleaford, to the End of Long Hedge, in the Parish of Quarrington, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Mr. Tyner, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Maimvaringreported from the Committee, to Hanworh,

whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the &c.incioiure Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and rndV^m'^ other Commonable Lands and Grounds, and also the mitted.

Waste Lands and Grounds, within the several Parishes of Hamvorth, Feltham, and Sunbury, in the County of

Middlesex, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Property having Right of Common on the Lands to be inclosed, assessed to the Land Tax at £.237. per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also except the Owners of Property assessed at ft. 250. per Annum, who were neuter; and also except the Owners of Property assessed at ft. 96. per Annum, who could not be met with; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at ^.8,988. per Annum-, and that no Per- ' son appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other ' Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill 5 -

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the 'Committee to whom the same was committed.

An

Leicester and Mellon Mowbray Navigation Bill, jailed.

Elfdon, &c Road Bill, passed.

Llanfwrog Inclosure BiUj rtponed.

Rutbin and Nlold Road Bill, commit-led.

Surrey Roads Bill, committed.

40 Geo. Ill,

200 Mali.

547

An ingrafted Bill for' enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Navigation

to Melton Mowbray, in the County of to complete their Navigation, and to discharge the Debts con- -traded-by them in the making thereof; and for amending the Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Navigation, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Leicester Navigation to ' ion Mowbray, in the County of , to complete

their Navigation, and to discharge the Debts contracted by them in the making thereof; and for amending the Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Navigation.

O __

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Cradock Hariopp do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for reviving, continuing, and amending, an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Eljdon High Cross, near the Town of Elfdon, in the County of Northumberland, to the Red upon the

Mid Border betwixt England and Scotland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for reviving, continuing, and amending, an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Elfdon High Cross, near the Town of Elfdon, in the County of Northumberland, to the RedSzvyre, upon the Mid Border betwixt England and Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Burdondo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Jones reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing,' the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Llanfwrog, in the County of Denbigh, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Stand/- ing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,' One by One j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Oidered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of Ruthin, in the County of Denbigh, to the Town of Mold, in the County of Flint, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jones, Sir if'at kin Williams Wynn, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Tenth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the

Road from Sutton, in the County of Surrey, through the

Borough of Reigale, by Sidlozv Mill, to Povey Cross, and from Sutton aforesaid, through Cheamand over Howell

Hill, to Ewell, and also the Road from Tadworth, by the Windmill, to the Bottom of Pebble Hill, in the said

County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Yorke, Mr. Jolliffe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are there- Petition for unto subscribed, being Owners of Estates in the County £vci|j°e" in of W ejlmorland, was presented to the House, and read; cimal Bill.

Taking Notice of the Bill for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Lancaster Canal Navigation to complete the same; and Setting forth. That by the Act, passed for making the said - Canal, it was enacted, that the said Company of Proprietors should reserve the Sum of £. 60,000. Part of the Sum thereby authorized to be raised, or so much as should be sufficient for that Purpose, to be laid out and expended in making and completing that Part of the Canal which lies in the said County of Westmorland; and that the Petitioners understand the said Company have accordingly reserved the said Sum of £.60,000. but they have not begun to make any Part of the Canal in the said County, whereby the Petitioners sustain much Inconvenience: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill For compelling the said Company forthwith to make and complete the said Part of their Canal, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and en- Keighley Road larging the Powers, of Two Acts, made for repairing, K^l comnut-amending, and widening, the Road from Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to in Ken-

dal, in the County of Westmorland, so far as the same relate to that Part of the said Road which lies within the Counties of Westmorland and Lancaf.ewas read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Burrow, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. John Fane reported from the Committee, to whom Endnm indo-the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several b?i Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common reported. Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, and a Tract of Heath Land, within the Parish of in the County of Oxford, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for continuing' the Term, and altering and en- An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Wood's E&»te larging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty- for veiling Part of the settled Estates of Richard Wood, B,ll» r,'a'i' Vol. 55. ' El'quire,

Mail.

A. 1800.

Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, and for other Purposes, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the BiH be read a Second Time.

An ingossed Bill for building a new Bridge over the River On'Inter, or Blackwater, at , in the Town

of Maldon, in the County of , was read the Third Tirpe.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4t. 1. 27. After " upwards ' to insert " after

" Payment of the Interest due " on the principal Sum to be " borrowed for the Purposes of this Act, and of the Sums/of " Money due and payable by virtue of Grants of Annuities " in Manner aforesaid."

I. jo.l To leave out " if more Creditors and > " than One," and insert " ex-,

31. J " cept Grants of Annuities" instead thereof.

1. 37. After u paid off" to insert " if " more Creditors than One."

Pr. 48. 1. 15. To leave out i( for the said Town of " Mald, or."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for building a new Bridge over the River Chelmer, or Blackwater, at Fullbridge, in the Totvn of Maldon, in the County of E

Ordered, That Mr. Weslern do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill, to alter, amend, and enlarge, the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for improving the Navigation of the River Qufe, between . NezvJiavcn Bridge and Lewes Bridge, in the County of Sufex, and for the better draining of the Low Lands lying in Lewes and Laughton Levels, in the said County, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the said Bill being ingrossed;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the River Ouse Navigation, in the County of Sufex, which was Yesterday presented to the House, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third Time, might be again read. '

And the same being read accordingly;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and, at the End of the Question, to add the Words " upon Friday Morning next."

And the Question being put, That the Word now" stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge! the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for improving the Navigation of the River Ouse, between -haven Bridge and Lezves Bridge, in the County of Sufex,

and for the better draining of the Low' Lands lying in Lezves and Laughton Levels, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Pelham do carry the Bill to the Loqls, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Security of Collieries and Mines, and for the better Regulation of Colliers and Miners: And that Mr. Bragge and the Marquis of Worcester do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Abbot presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for more effectually charging Public Accountants with the Payment of Interest: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account of the Total Net Produce of the Permanent Taxes for the Year ending the 5th of April 1800; distinguishing each Quarter, and the Duties imposed in the Years 1793, 1794, 1795, 1796, 1797, 1798, and 1799.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account of the actual and estimated Expence of collecting the Tax on Income for the Years 1799 and 1800.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Acts, passed in the last Session of Parliament, relative to Duties on Income, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and areas followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Rules prescribed in the several Acts for granting Duties on Income, or by either of them, as far as relate to the Mode of ascertaining Income arising from Land occupied by the Owner, or by a Tenant at Rack. Rent, shall be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in lieu thereof, such Income arising from Land occupied by a Tenant at Rack Rent shall be taken in the Proportions herein after specified^to the aggregate Amount of the following Articles; videlicet.

Rent for One Year payable to the Landlord.

Parochial and other Rates and Assessments charged on the said Lands, or upon the Occupiers in respect of such Lands, on the Average of the Three Years ending on the 25th Day bf March preceding, if payable by the Occupier.

The. Value of all Tythes, when taken in Kind, or the Sums paid or payable for the fame, or agreed to be paid in Satisfaction for the fame, within or for the last preceding or the current Year.

If such aggregate Amount be under Three Hundred Pounds a Year, then the Income shall be taken at Three Fifths of such Amount, and if at Three Hundred Pounds or upwards, then at Three Fourths of such Amount.

And in case of Lands occupied by the Owner, the Income arising therefrom shall be taken at the aggregate Amount of the Rent at which the same are worth, to be let by the Year, according to the ordinary Rent of Lands of the like Quality, and under the like Circumstances, in the same Neighbourhood, and Two Third Parts of what would be computed to be the Income of the Tenant at Rack Rent as above mentioned.

Resolved, That it i» the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that the Provisions of the said Acts, which exempt any Person from the said Duties who shall be resident in this Kingdom for a temporary Purpose,

shall

Colliers Bits ordered.

Public Accountants Bill, presented.

Accounts ordered.

Net Produce of Permanent Taxes.

Expecte of collecting Income Tax.

Report onA£ls

respecting Duties on Income.

Instruction.

Resolutions to be printed.

Report on

Duties on

Turpentine,

c.

40 Geo. III.

,20.

Mali.

Hull not exempt any Person resident for more than Six Months.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That in all Cases where the Commissioners, appointed to execute the said Acts, shall assess any Person at any greater Amount than the Sum delivered in, in his Statement, or shall increase such AfieH'ment, such Commissioners should be authorized to charge such Person, for every such Increase beyond the Sum delivered in, in his Statement, with a Proportion not exceeding double the Amount by which the Duties with which such Persons would otherwise have been chargeable under or by virtue of the said Acts, or either of them, shall be increased.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bragg Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Townshend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Pybus, Mr.'Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor

General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, that they do make Provision therein for distinguishing Commercial Income from other Income; for requiring all Partners in Trade to be assessed before the same Commissioners; for limiting the Jurisdiction of the Commercial Commissioners to Returns from Persons whole Income shall exceed a certain Sum; for regulating the Mode of charging Persons in Trade, whose Income shall be under a certain Slim; for levying the Duty on Persons who shall remove from one District to another , and for explaining and amending the said Acts.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Resolutions be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it wfas referred to consider of the Duties payable on Oil of Turpentine imported into this Kingdom; and who were instructed to consider of the Duties and Drawbacks payable on Tar imported into, and exported from, this Kingdom, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth , viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties now payable on the Importation of Oil of Turpentine, except the Duties imposed thereon by an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and other Purposes, do cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Comrrfttee, That a Duty of Two Pence Halfpenny be charged upon every Pound Weight of Oil of Turpentine imported into this Kingdom, and such Duty shall be subject and liable to the additional Duty of Five Pounds per Centum, and Five Pounds per Centum, granted by Two Acts, of the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, on Goods imported.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties and Drawbacks now payable on Tar imported into or exported from this Kingdom, except the Duties imposed thereon by an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the be tter Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and other Purposes, do cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Shillings and Four Pence be charged upon every Last containing Twelve Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding Thirty-one Gallons and a Half, of Tar, not being the Product of any of the Dominions or

VOL. 55.

Plantations of the Crown of Great Britain, imported into this Kingdom in a British-bu Ship.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eight Shillings and Four Pence be

o # o

allowed upon the Exportation of every Last: containing Twelve Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding Thirty-one Gallons and a Half, of Tar, not being tlte Product of any of the Dominions or Plantations of the Crown of Great Britain, having been imported into tills Kingdom in a British-buWt Ship.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Ten Shillings be charged upon every Last: containing Twelve Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding Thirty-one Gallons and a Half, of Tar, not being the -Product of any of the Dominions or Plantations of the Crown of Great Britain, imported into this Kingdom in a Foreign Ship.

Resolved, That it is- the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eight Shillings and Four Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every Last containing Twelve Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding Thirty-one Gallons and a Half, of Tar, not being the Product of any of the Dominions or Plantations of the Crown of Great Britain, having been imported into this Kingdom in a Foreign Ship.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every Last: containing Twelve Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding Thirty-one Gallons and a Half, of Tar, being the Product of any of the Dominions or Plantations of the Crown of Great Britain, imported into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Seven Shillings and Three Pence be allowed upon every Last containing Twelve Barrels, each Barrel not" exceeding Thirty-one Gallons and & Half, of Tar, being the Product of any of the Dominions or Plantations of the Crown of Great Britain, exported from this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duties upon Tar shall be subject and liable to the additional Duties of Five Pounds Centum, and Five Pounds per Centum, granted by Two Acts, of the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty on Goods imported.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the last of the Resolutions wdiich, upon the 25th Day of April last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to considerof exempting Burr Stones taken from a Quarry near Conway, in North Wales, to be used as Mill Stones

only, from the Duty imposed by an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain " Duties of Customs on Slate, Stone, and Marble and who were instructed to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better " Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom; and for " granting new and additional Duties of Customs on " Goods imported and exported, and on the Tonnage " of certain Ships entering Outwards or Inwards to or " from Foreign Parts, until the Signing the Preliminary " Articles of Peace," as charges a Duty on Oil or Blubber imported into this Kingdom from the Greenland Fisheriesand Davis's Strthat they do make Provision therein, pursuant to the Resolutions now reported, and agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, that they do make Provision therein for obliging Masters of Ships laden with Tobacco to remove their

7 A Ships

Infuuelions.

20° Mail.

A. 1800.

Committee on Bounty on Im)>ortation ot Rye.

Pawnbrokers Bill, committed.

Committee on Act for Relief of PapilU, deferred.

Vibrant Bill,

paiicd.

Committee on Bill for let tling Disputes between Masters and ber- an:s.

55°

Ships from the Places appointed for mooring them as soon as their Cargoes have been discharged.

Ordered, That it be an to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, that they do make Provision therein for extending Bonds given on licensing Ships, Vessels, or Boats, to all Cafes wherein Ships, Vessels, or Boats may be liable to Forfeiture. '

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to considerof granting a Bounty on the Importation of Rye into this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for more effectually regulating the Trade or BuGness of Pawnbrokers, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. waring, Mr. Byng, hc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign (of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to relieve, upon Conditions, and under Restrictions, the Persons therein described, from certain Penalties " and Disabilitics to which Papists, or Persons professing the PopiJJi Religion, are by Law subject," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating " to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly " Persons, and to Houses of Correction," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill w'as read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to amend and make " more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to " Houses of Correction."

Ordered, That Mr. Jodrell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better settling of Disputes between Matters and Mistresses of Families and their Menial or Domestic Servants, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Jodrell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

3

Mr. Jodrell reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Jodrell accordingly reported from the said Com reported, mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration ppon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Bill to amend, explain, and render more effec- Lomkm Smdl tual, an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act for the recovering of Small Debts, and for the relieving of Poor " Debtors, in London," and an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the above mentioned Act, and likewise for extending the Powers of the Court of Requests in the City of London, in and by the said Two several Acts continued and established, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Anderson, the Lord Mayor of &c.;

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

t

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of Moreton, and divers Messuages,

Lands, and Hereditaments, in Moreton, in the County of committed. Stafford, devised by the Will of Sir William Wolfeley,

Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for the Application of the Money to arise from such Sale, and for other Purposes,. was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shaw Lefevre, Lord Granville Leveson Gower, & c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to fag" respea^g consider further of His Majesty's most Gracious Mef- an Union with sage of the 2d Day of April last, communicating to this |£^and' dcfcr" House the Resolutions of the Lords and Commons of Ireland respecting an Union between the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, with their Address to His Majesty thereupon;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Lottery Bin, Money, to be raised by a Lottery, was, according to commiUe<i Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report which was made frdtn the Further Con-Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the «[edo" British Herring Fisheries, and into the most effectual HemngFiih-Means for their Improvement and Extension, be taken «;«, ddetre4. into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

40 Geo. III.

2i — 22° Mail.

55 *

Mercurtiy 2i die Mali;

Anno 40° Georgii IIItU Regis, 1800.

Prayers.

The Lord \ MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. have agreed to and Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

Ramsey, &c.' The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Drainage Bill, fof amending and making' more effectual an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for embanking, draining, and preserving, certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of Huntingdon, and in the Parishes of Doddington, March, Benwickand

within the I fie of Ely, in the County of , and for amending the Road from a certain Bridge in the Parish of Chatteris aforesaid, called Carter's Bridge, by a Drain called Vermuyden's, or The Forty Feet Drain, to a Bridge called The Forty Feet Bridge, in the said Parish of Ram fey, so far as the said Act relates to embanking the Lands therein described, called by the Name of The Upper DiJIrid, or Division; without any Amendment: And also,.

Brooke Indo- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act lure Bill. for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Fen Grounds, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And

also,

Wrawby In- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act cloiure Bill, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Carrs, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Wraw-ly-citm-Erigg, in the County of j without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lord The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

have patted Relief of Persons entitled to Entailed Estates to be pur-

Estate Bill, chafed with Trust Monies; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

chequer Receipts (or exclusive of Remittances to the Commissioners of Excise, London) distinguishing what has been applied for, the Civil Government in Scotland, during the Year ending 5th January 1800.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other

Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. (from Account of

the Commissioners of Customs in Scotland) attended from VcotfaLl, at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre- ordered, fented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Coals exported from the several Ports of Scotland, from the 5 th of January 1790 to the 5th of January 1800} distinguishing each Year, as also the Ports from which the same were exported, and the Places to which they were respectively cleared out.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee appointed to enquire into the present State of the Coal Trade of this Kingdom, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Paperi of this Session.

The House was moved, That the Order, made Yesterday, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee fagerefpeaing of the whole House, Tomorrow, to consider further of an Union with His Majesty'smost Gracious Message of the 2d Day of '

April last, communicating to this House the Refutations of the Lords and Commons of Ireland, respecting an Union between the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, with their Address«to His Majesty thereupon, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Report of Ordered, That Mr. Rose do make the Report from Bounty^oT^n the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-

jojiortation ferre(j to consider of granting a Bounty on the Importation of Rye into this Kingdom.

Mr. Rose accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his P.ace j and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read} and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Average Price of Rye, ascertained and published in The London Gazette, under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament, shall be less than Sixty five Shillings per Quarter, there shall be given, on every Quarter of Rye imported into Great Britain before the xft Day of October 1800, a Bounty equal to the Difference between such Average Price in The London Gazette and Sixty-five Shillings Quarter of Rye.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

.Account of The House being informed that Mr. Mitford (from out of the Ex- the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland) attended at cife in Scot- the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented lanci, piefent. the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all Monies paid out of the Revenue of Excise in North Britain, in Anticipation of the Ex-Vol. 55.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clodk.

yovis, 2 2° dieMaii;

Anno 40 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1800.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker reported, That both Houses attend- King's An-ed His Majesty Yesterday, with their Address; Ad *

to which His Majesty was pleased to give this most Gra- Houi«.bot cious Answer:

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I receive with increased Satisfaction every fresh Testimony of that invariable Attachment, of which your Conduct has afforded Me so many Proofs. The steady Loyalty and Affection of My People animate all My Endeavours for their Welfare} and I am confident, that I can make no more acceptable Return, for that Protection which has been vouchsafed to Me, and to My Family, than by persevering in My unremitting Solicitude for the Happiness of those whose Interests Providence has committed to My Charge.

Mr. Mitford reported from the Committee, to whom Pownev' Ef. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estates of Penyston Portlock Powney, Esquire, Amendment , deceased, situate in the County of Berks, in Trustees, to

be

KundrM K.Aise Roads P t'tion, ic-p^i :e.i.

552 'll? Mail. 1800.-

be fold, for paying Incumbrances and Debts, and for laying out the Surplus, under the Directions of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be conveyed to the Trustees of the Will of the said Penxftott Fortieth Powney, in lieu thereof, was committed; That

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the

Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Press 7. 1. 7. Leave out " Cocker" and insert " Corker."

In Schedule (A.)

Pr. 26. 1. 38. Leave out "2" and insert "4."

1. 39. Leave out from the Beginning of the Line to the End of that Press,

Line 43.

Pr. 27. Leave out, in the last Paragraph of'

Schedule (A.) in 1. 10. the Word " Ten" and insert " Three," and after " Pounds", insert " Ten " Shillings," and in the Co-' lumn leave out " 110" and insert " 103 10s."

In Schedule (C.j

Pr. 28. 1. 3. Leave out " Legacy of."

1. 7. At the Beginning of the Line before " Allowance" insert " Annual."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Andrews reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees for the Care of certain Turnpike Roads, commonly called, or known by the Name of, The Hundred Hous Turnpike , in the County of Wor after, and Mortgagees of the Tolls and Duties arising on the said Roads, was referredThat the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and repairing, several Roads leading from, The Hundred , in the County of Worcefet-yand other Roads in the said Acts mention-

ed, were read: — And,

Mr. ll'iilium IVheder, being examined, said, That the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, have borrowed^ considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, and which still re-' main due an.l owbg: That it would be more convenient to the Trustees, having the Management of the said Roads, and (he same might be better conducted, improved, and maintained, if the above recited Adits were repealed, and the several Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and included in One Act of Parliament And, the Witncls added. That it will be necessary to increase the Tolls.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more eifectuilly amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, several. Roads leading from The Hundred House, in the County of , and also several

other Roads therein mentioned: And that Mr.

Mr. Lxgon, and Mr. kVigley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Andrews reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to repeal an Act, of the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House, in the Town of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, and also to repeal so much of Two Ad % of the Tenth of his late Majesty, and the Seventh of His present Majesty, as relate to the Road from the Mitre Oak to a Farm House called Goodness, and from Tit ten Brook to the Hamlet of Wribbenhall, in the said County, and to discontinue the Powers of an Act, of the Eighth of His present Majesty, so far as relate to the Road -from the Cross of the Hands, near Goodness Farm, to a Place called The Spoilt, and for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads describsd in the first mentioned Act, and also several other Roads therein mentioned, and of the Mortgagees of the Tolls and Duties granted by the said Act, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: — And,

Mr. William Wheeler, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be repaid, and the said Roads eflfeftually repaired, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be further continued and enlarged, and some additional Tolls granted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Market House, in the Town of Kid-derminfrer, in the County of Worcester, and several other Roads therein mentioned: And chat Mr. Andrews, Mr. Lygon, and Mr. Wig ley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Andrews reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, ‘whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts, made for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Beivdley, in the County of Worcester, to the several Places therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester and Salop respefc-tively, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: — And,

Mr. William Wheeler, being examined, said, That the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, have made great Progress in the Execution thereof, and have

borrowed

Ki'llerminder Roads Peti -tion, reported.

BewdlryRoause

Petition, reported.

Petition relative to Notices for Provision in Tetbury, ike. Roads Bill, reported.

I-ovrer Compton and Yeovil, Arc. Roads Bill, passed.

40 Geo. III. 220 Mail.553

borrowed considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, but the said Roads cannot be effectually kept in Repair, and the Interest of the Money borrowed be paid, nor the said Principal Money be repaid, unless the Term of the said Acts is continued, and the Powers and Provisions thereof amended and enlarged, and some of the Tolls altered and increased.

Ordered, That Leave be' given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bewdley, in the County of Worcester, to the several Places therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester and Salop respectively: And that Mr. Andrews, Mr. Lygon, and Mr. , do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Mr. EJlcourt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads in the County of Gloucester, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Vizard, being examined, said, That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House on the 14th Day of March last, Notice was given at the last General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of Gloucester, and likewise inserted Three Times in The Gloucester of the Application to Parliament, for making, diverting, and repairing the Road, leading but of the Road from Gloucester to Bath, at Nailsworth, in the County of cester.

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon the 14th Day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed to put in Execution Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads in the County of Gloucester, and of other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to such of the Roads from Tetbury, and other Places, in the County of Glou-

cester, as are comprized in the said last mentioned Act, and for amending and repairing certain other Roads in and through the Parish of Hvrjley, and near Tetbury aforesaid, in the County of And that Mr.

EJlccurt and the Marquis of Worcester do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing Two Acts, one made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Half-way House, in the Parish of Lower Compton, in the County of Dorset, through the Towns of Yeovil, Crewkertte, and Chard, to the East End of the Town of Axminster, in the County of Devon, and several other Roads therein mentioned; and also for re-

Vol. 55.;

pealing so much of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, as relates to repairing the Road from the Direction Post in IVidcombe Moor, through Street Ash Lane, to Chard-, and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes, and for altering and diverting certain Parts of the said Roads, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repealing Two Acts, one made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Half-way House, in the Parish of Lower Compton, in the County of Dorset, through the Towns of Yeovil, Crewkerne, and Chard, to the East End of the Town of Axminster, in the County of Devon, and several other Roads therein mentioned; and also for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, as relates to repairing the Road from the Direction Post in IVidcombe Moor, through Street Ash Lane, to Chard; and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes, and for altering and diverting certain Parts of the said Roads.

Ordered, That Mr. Eficourt do carry the Bill to the 'Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for providing a Workhouse for the Use of the Parish of Aldbourne, in the County of Wilts, and for appointing an additional Overseer for the better Government of the Poor of the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way' of Ryder, Declaring, that certain Persons may be Trustees for Life, whether they reside in the Parish or not.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 2. 1. 5. After " that" to insert " Sir Francis

" Jones, Baronet, John Williams, " Henry Read, Timothy " Esquires." .

1. 10. After " Pizzie" to insert " Gentleman."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for providing a Workhouse for the Use of the Parish of Aldbourne, in the County of Wilts, and for appointing an additional Overseer for the better Government of the Poor of the said Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Ef court do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their-Concurrence.

The House was moved, That the Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the several Townships of Thorne, Hatfield, Stain-forth, Fishlake, and Sykehouse, in the several Parishes of Thorne, Hatfield, and Fishlake, in the Manor of Haite-feld, in the West Riding of the County of York, which was presented to the House upon the ioth.Day of March last, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Order, made the same Day, for Leave to bring in a ' Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

y B Or dered,

Aldbourne Poor Bill, passed.

Thorne, See. Inclosure and Drainage Petition referred to a Committee.

Cloucefttr and

Sti'inui Hoad R 1J; picienux4 *

f»M\ice^er ;md Rtiftol Road Bill, prtfented.

Arcvll Roads Bill, passed.

Hockliffe and Woburn Road Bill> parted.

T irpole and I'refteijrre Road Bui, ceumutled.

54

22° Mail. A. 18 oo.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the 'Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Mr.

force, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the rtoufe, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Gloucester to the Town of Stroud, in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. John Pitt pfrefented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road from a certain Bridge over a Brook or Stream called Sudbrook, near the City of Gloucester, to the Nine Mile Stone on the Bristol Road, at or near a Place called The Clay Pitts, in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for explaining, amending, and continuing, an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the Shire of Argyll" was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill j viz.

Pr. 20. 1.2i. To leave out from " District" to " and" in 1. 30.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for explaining, amending, and continuing, an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing the " Highways and Bridges in the Shire of

Ordered, That Lord John Campbell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dontinuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed for amending the Highway between Hockliffe and Woburn, in the County of Bedford, and for repairing the Road leading through Woburn, to Tickford Bridge, in Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 36. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " and, " in Pr. 7.1. 24.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts passed for amending the Highway between Hockliffe and Woburn, in the County of Bedford, and for repairing the Road leading through Woburn to Tick-ford Bridge, in Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks.

Ordered, That Mr. Jodrell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deflre their Concurrence.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George 7

the Second, arid in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, repairing, and widening, the Roads leading from the Ryeway, in the Pa-fish of Yarpole, in the County of Hereford, to in the County of Radnor, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County of Radnor, and in the Counties of Hereford and Salop, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Knight, the Marquis of Worcester, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir John Stuart reported from the Committee, to Bormwtlowa. whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging R<ad the Powers, of an Act, 'passed in the Twenty-first Year 1 ' reP0,te"' of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Port of Jlownness, by the West of the Borough of,

and by the Towns of Torphichen, Bathgate, and White-burn, and from thence Southward to the Confines of the County of Linlithgozv, at or near was

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Wher$ the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. MeDowall reported from the Committee, to cia£g w py>. whom the Bill for extending the Royalty of the City of lice i>ai, «-Glasgow over certain adjacent Lands; for paving, light- porled ing, and cleansing the Streets; for regulating the Police, and appointing an Intendent thereof, and Watchmen; for dividing the City into Wards, and appointing Superintendents; and for railing Funds, and giving certain Powers to the Magistrates, and Council and Town and Dean of Guild Courts, for the above and other Purposes, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Subscribers, Brewers, in the City of Glasgow and its Environs, was referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the said Petition, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Ellison reported from the Committee, to whom Homcnfti the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the - Canal Petition, cajile Canal, in the County of Lincoln, was referred; That repdrte the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had not been complied with, as it was not in Contemplation to apply to Parliament until after the Time limited for giving Notices was elapsed, but, in Consequence of the high Floods which happened subsequent to the Month of September last, whereby great Damage was done to the Works of the Navigation, it was ascertained that it was absolutely necessary that the said Act should be amended, and some additional Rates procured in the present Session, otherwise the Works of the said

Navigation

40 Geo. III. 2 2° M. 555

Navigation would be totally ruined; that accordingly a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Notice of the Intention to apply to Parliament, in the severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. present Session, for a Bill for the above Purposes, was af- A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, requiring fixed on the Sessions House Door at Kirton, in the said that the Chaplain shall be licensed by the Bishop.

County of Lincoln, at the last Easter Quarter Sessions, And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the and was likewise advertised Three Times in The Lincoln, Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be Rutland, and Stamford Mercury, on the 2d, 9th, and made Part of the Bill.

16th Days of this Instant May; and that the Committee Then an Amendment was made by the House to the had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had Bill.

directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Wit ham, to or into the Town of Uorncastle, in the County of Lincoln, and also for amending and rendering complete the Navigable Commuriication between the said River Witham and the dike Canal, through the High Bridge, in the City of Lincoln, was read; whereby it appeared, That the Peti- . tioners, and others, were united and incorporated by the Name of " The Company of Proprietors of the castle Navigation, in the County of and were

thereby empowered to make the said Navigation under the several Rules, Regulations, and Directions, contained in the said Act, and for that Purpose to subscribe amongst themselves a Sum not exceeding £.15,000.; but if that Sum should prove inefficient, they were empowered to raise £. 10,000 more, by Mortgage of the Tolls and Duties granted by the said Act, and, in order to pay the Interest thereof, to impose and collect such Dues as therein mentioned, not exceeding Two Shillings per Ton, on such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, as should be carried up or down the said Navigation: — Then,

Mr. Robert Clitherow, being examined, said. That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and completed great Part of the said Works, and have expended the Whole of the Money they have raised amongst themselves, or have been able to borrow on Mortgage of the Tolls and Duties as aforesaid, and have incurred sundry Debts, and very great Arrears of Interest are payable to the original Subscribers, by virtue of the said Act, and also large Sums of Money to Proprietors of Estates for Lands cut and covered by making the said Canal: — And, the Witness further said. That, to enable the Petitioners to finish the said Works, and discharge the said Debts and Arrears of Interest, it is requisite that they should be enabled to raise a further Sum of Money than by the said Act they are empowered to do; and that for the said Purpose it is necessary to increase the present Tolls; and the said Act in some other Re-Tpefts requires Amendment and Alteration.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Afyitim Cta. Ordered, That Mr. Bur don do make the Report from ,e the Committee, to whom the Bill for establishing and ' well governing the charitable Institution, commonly cal-

led The Asylum, or House of Refuge for the Reception of Orphan Girls, the Settlements of whose Parents cannot be found; and for incorporating the Subscribers thereto, and for the better empowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful Designs, was committed.

Mr. Burdon accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then Vol. 55.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Notice being taken that the Names of the Com- Goiiden Mor-missioners were not inserted in the Bill for dividing, al- ^‘5jiolu,e lotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, drawn, and Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable or-

Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Mor- " *

den, in the County of Cambridge, which Bill was, upon Thursday last, read the First Time, and ordered to be read a Second Time;

Ordered, That the Order, made upon Thursday last, for the Second Reading of the said Bill, be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to present a proper Bill instead thereof.

A Motion being made, That the ingrossed, Bill for King' Con-dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Newark upon indorure Bill. Trent, in the County of Nottingham, be now read the Third Time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for making an Extract of so much of the Award as relates to the Allotment to be made to His Majesty, and fending it to the Surveyor General.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Parc of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Bill, passed. be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Manners Sutton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for extending the Powers of Two Acts, passed London Cam in the Eighteenth and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to prevent the Misbehaviour of the Drivers of Carts in the Streets in London, Westminster, and the Limits of the Weekly Bills

of Mortality, was, according to Order, read a Second Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William. Anderson, the Lord Mayor of London, See.;

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Bragge presented to the House, according to Or- Collier' Bill, der, a Bill for the Security of Collieries and Mines, and presentAl' for the better Regulation of Colliers and Miners: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Lottery Bui.

upon

Cori.iaittcc on Sno :»r and

Co.loc Dutic Bill.

Cnfto.'ns Regulation Bill, piclcnad.

Kye Bounty ' B‘1J, presented.

fThiTtchurch W lit.

556

22 M\

A. 1800.

upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum Of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, be how read.

And the said Order being read accordingly';

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

.Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through tKe Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed hitn to report, when the House will please to receive the same.,

Ordered \That thtf Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, granted by an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing

British Plantation Sugar tt> be warehoused; for reviving so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the Average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation thereof; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they haddirested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to permit Blubber from the Greenland Fishery and Davis's Streights to be boiled into Oil after the Arrival of the Ships from the Fishery, and for charging the Duty thereon; for altering the Convoy Duty now payable on the Importation of Opium; for repealing the Duties on the Importation of Oil of Turpentine and Tar, and charging other Duties in lieu thereof; for exempting Burr Stones, and Stones used for the Purpose of paving, or the making or mending of Roads, from the Duties charged thereon when carried Coastwise; for obliging Mailers of Ships laden with Tobacco to remove the same from their Moorings when their Cargoes are discharged; and for extending Bonds given on licensing Ships, Vessels, or Boats, to all Cafes wherein Ships, Vessels, or Boats, may be liable to Forfeiture: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting a Bounty on the Importation of Rye-: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning;.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the desting of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of in the County of Southampton, in the room'of William Stewart Rose, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Def-

horcugh, and Bonin ham, in the County of Buckingham.

The House, according to Order, Vefolved itself into Committee on a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to relieve, upon " Conditions, and under Restrictions, the Persons therein described, from certain Penalties and Disabilities " to which Papists, or Persons professing the Popish Religion, are by Law subject

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Bill to amend House, according to Order, a Bill for the better afeer- £>uti«onS taining and collecting the Duties granted by several Acts, income, prepared in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the lenled Duties on Income; and so explain and amend the said Acts; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rejhlved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into ^^"Con-further Confederation the Report which was made from Reportoo Her-the Committee appointed to enquire into the State of ringFiihene , the British Herring Fisheries, and into the most effec- drferred‘ tual Means for their Improvement and Extension;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre presented to the House, according Exton, Sec. In-

to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parishes of Exton, and Cottefmore with Barrow, in the County of Rutland, and for extinguishing the Tythes in those Parishes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of passed. ' Llanfwrog, in the County of Denbigh, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Llanfwrog, in the County of Denbigh.

Ordered, That Mr. Jones do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open winttrborne and Common Fields, Common Downs, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Winter borne Stick land, i 11 the County of Dorset, and for extinguishing the Tythes in the same Parish, w'as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shaw Lefevre, Mr Howard,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clocl^ in the Speaker's Chamber,

An ingrafted Bill to enable the Company of Proprie- Oakhrtm Ca-tors of the Oakham Canal to raise Money for completing p"irej‘ the said Canal, and also for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tale be, An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of

the

40 Geg. III. 22° — 23"Maii. 557

the Oakham Canal to raise Money for completing the said Canal, and also for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal.

Ordered, That Mr. Shaw Lefevre do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Voioest Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for better enabling the salAill. Company of Proprietors of the Lancaster Canal Navigation to complete the same, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 230 die Maii;

Anno 40 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 18 oo. Prayers.

Pigot'sLottery T ORD Granville Leveson Gower reported from the reported. 1 j Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Sir George Pigot, Baronet, Margaret Fisher, and Frances Pigot, to dispose of a Diamond by a Lottery, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and He read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Stranger and Mr.

bare agreed to . b ' .

Mr. Speaker,

GiaD. Linens, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Jk. Bill. for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the

Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing the Duties on Glass, as was to continue in Force for a limited Time; and to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Linens exported, and taking

off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred and One; to the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; to the encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and securing the Duties on Foreign-made Sail Cloth imported; to the securing the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails with a Duty, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand Eight hundred and Four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs, and of the Naval Officers in the British Colonies in America, and of the Officers of the Customs in the Island of Newfoundland, until the Ninth Day of May One thousand Eight hundred and Four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the landing Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties of Excile, until the Twenty-ninth Day of > September One thousand Eight hundred and Five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland and Parts adjacent from Great Britain, -VOL. 55.

land, and the British Dominions in , until the

First Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and Two; and to the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, until the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Eight hundred and One; without any Amendment: And also, /

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Norton an.i for (hutting up, and discontinuing, certain Roads and Roai1 *

Footpaths, leading through the Grounds of Sir Richard Brooke, Baronet, in the Townshipsof Nortpn and Halt on, in the Parish of Runcorn, and County Palatine of defter, and for making and maintaining other Roads instead thereof; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Newton Brom-for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, incloiu‘e Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Newton Bromfhold, in the County of Northampton, and also such of the Open Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Higham Ferrers, in the said County of Northampton, as are called or known by the Names of The Bufcotts and No Man's Leys; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Eariiolm In-for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and clo‘urK ®'u Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of Bar holm, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Womrrfley In. for dividing, inclosing, and improving, the several Open clolu‘e i,ul Arable Fields, Ings, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Wmerfley, in the West Riding of the County of; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act St- John's for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and j^iutWe aai. Common Fields and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Saint John Hertford, and the Liberty of Brickendon, in the Parish of All Saints Hertford, in the County of Hertford; without any Amendment: And also. The Lord *

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to have P?ffed enable JuJiinian Kerry, Esquire, and his Issue, to take s Nime the Surname and Arms of Ekins only, pursuant to the Will of JuJiinian Ekins, Esquire, deceased; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Lord Seifey's, effecting an Exchange between the Dean and Chapter of t jfi Exchau e the Cathedral Church of The Holy Trinity of and the Right honourable James Lord S cl fey, and the Honourable John Peachey, of certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the county of ; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. AJlley reported from the Committee, to whom ;tl]e P|„m. the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com- indoiure mons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of BUI, repotted.

Plumflead, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Proprietors of Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Little Plumflead, in the County of Norfolk, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,'with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a 7 C Second

Sprowfton Inclosure Bill, committed *

Bi iitol arid r Berkeley, See Road Bill, puiu.ted.

Tetbury, See Ko ik Biii, pi evented.

Cookham Is ciofure Bill, diopped *

Bank Build ings Bill, commuted.

New Sarum C»3o! Biilv committed.

558 23 0 Mail.1800

Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Sprow-ston, in the County of No was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ajlley, Mr. Hobhouse, fyc.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. EJlcourt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Nineteen! h Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for amending the Road from the Nine Mile Stone on the Road, at or near a Place called ‘The Clay , to or near the Chapel at Shne, and also the Roads to or near Berkeley, Durfley, Wotton-under-edg e, and Sod bu-

ry, and several other Roads in th(? Counties of Gloucester and Wilts, except so far as the said Act relates to the Roads to and near Sodbury aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. EJlcourt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to such of the Roads from Tetbury, and other Places, in the County of G/ouceJier, as are ^omprized in the said last mentioned Act, and for amending and repairing certain other Roads in and through the Parish of , and near Tetbury aforesaid, in the said County of Gloucester 1 And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the 14th Day of this Instant May, for the Commitment of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of , in the County of Berks, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And the House being informed that all the Parties interested were desirous that no further Proceeding should be had upon the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

A Bill to empower the Governor and ^Company of the Bank of England to purchase certain Houses and Ground contiguous, to the Bank of England; and to enable them to improve certain Avenues adjacent thereto, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Manning, Mr. Samuel "Thornton, See.And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Removal and Rebuilding the Council Chamber, Guildhall, and Gaol,

" of the City of New Sarum, and for ascertaining the " Tolls of the Market, and regulating the Chairmen,

" within the said City," as requires the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of New Sarum to build a new Gaol within the said City, or the Suburbs or Precincts thereof, and for authorizing the Commitment of Felons and other Persons within the Limits of the said City, and the Clole thereof, to the Gaol of the County of Wilts,

and for explaining and amending the said Act, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bouverie of New Sarum, Mr. Hujfey,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved, That the-Report, which was Yesterday made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Canal, in the County of Lincoln, was referred, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again' read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred.

An ingrofifed Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Port of Borrowjlownness, by the West of the Borough of Linlithgow, and by the Towns of Torphichen, Bathgate, and Whiteburn, and from thence Southward to the Confines of the County of Linlithgow, at or near,

was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Port of Borrow-Jlownness, by the West of the Borough of Linlithgow, and by the Towns of Torphichen, Bathgate, and -burn, and from thence Southward to the Confines of the County of Linlithgow, at or near Hollhouseburn.

Ordered, That Sir John Stuart do carry the Bill to the; Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands or Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Enjliam, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, and a Tract of Heath Land, within the Parish of Enjliam, in the County of Oxford; and Setting forth, That the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will be very injurious to the Petitioners, and others, interested in the Lands, and Grounds so intended to be divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read the Third Time.

Then the said Bill, being ingrossed, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, and a Tract of Heath Land, within the Parish of Enjkam, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. John Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Wastes, in the Vills or Hamlets of Egbrouglt, Low

brough, Sherwood, Hutgreen, and Tranmoor, in the Parish of Kellhigton, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclol'ure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations

1

Report or Hornca&l Canal Petition, re-committed.

Borrowftovrr-ness Road Bill passed.

Petition of Land Owner *

against £n-(hara, &c. Ia-eloiure BdL

BIT! read 5 % and passed.

Egb ronrh,

&c. Inciolure Bill, reported.

Petition for Leave to present a Petition for Brightheim-fton Work-

Han worth, &c» inclosure re-committed fill, repotted.

40 Geo. III. 230 Mail. 55a

of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Property of the Annual Rent of 51, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of Property of the Annual Rent of £. 15, who were neuter; and that the Whole of the Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is of the Annual Rent of £. 1,298. 15s. and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) j and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the Vicar, Constable, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town of Brightheln.ston, in the County of ‘ uffex, vv ole Names are thereunto subscribed, was preieiiud to the House, and read; Setting forth, Thai the Workhoust or Poor House of the said Parish is much too small for the Accommodation of the numerous P-»r belong ng to the said Parish, so that the Parish Officers, 1 >r tome Years last pall, have been put to great Expences, particularly in Winter Time, in hiring Houses, and providing other Necessaries, for the Poor out of the said W >ik:tou:e or Poor House; and that the said Workhouse o. Poor House is situate in the Middle of the said Town, dole to the Market Place there, and, by reason of the great Increase of Buildings within these last few Years in the said Town, is now so surrounded and confined as to prevent that free Circulation of Air which is necessary lor the Health and Convenience of the Poor Persons who are kept and maintained in the said Poor House; and that the Parishioners of the said Town, at a Public Vestry of the said Parish, held the 6th Day of :anuary last, came to a Resolution to erect a new Poor Home out of the Town, instead of adding to and repairing the old One, and that Plans should be delivered in lor that Purpose, and several Plans were delivered in accordingly; and that a Piece of Land in the Neighbourhood of the said Town was con traded for, whereon to build a new Poor House, and it was the Intention of the Parishioners to have disposed of the present Poor House, and other Premises adjoining the fame, belonging to the Parish, in order to have enabled them to have completed their laid Purchase, and to have paid some Part of the Expence of building such new Poor House; but, on the Title to the said Premises being laid before Counsel by Older of the said Parishioners, they have been adviled that they cannot make a good Title to the same without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; and that such Opinion of Counsel was not given or made known to the Petitioners until after the Tune limited by the House for receiving Petitions for Private Bills: And therefore praying, That they may be at Liberty to present a Petition for Leave to bring in a Bill for effecting the above Sale and new Purchase, and for veiling the Land to be purchased in the said Vicar, Constable, Churchwardens, and Overseers, and their Successors, for the Purpose of erecting such new Poor House, and other necessary Buildings, and for the better Regulation, Management, and Employment of the Poor to be maintained therein, when the same shall nave been ere died, and for borrowing Money for the above Purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, Vot. 55.

and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, and also the Waste Lands and Grounds, within the several Parishes of Hanwor/h, Fed ham, and- in the County of

Middlesex, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they.

' had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,.with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, Requiring the Commissioners to make an Extract of so much of their Awards as contain a Description of the Allotment to His Majesty.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for exchanging, allotting, improving, and inclosing, certain Open and Commonable Lands, and for exchanging Parts of a certain Close of Pad a re Land, within the Parish of Huntspill, in the County of Somerset, and fer dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, a certain Open and Commonable Pasture, called Common, situate in the Parish of Huntfpi/f aforesaid, and in the Parishes of Cannington, Stockland and

Sugurfev, in the said County of Somerset, was read a Second lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gore Lnngton, Mr. Dickinson, See.: And they are tp meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for establishing and well governing the charitable Institution, commonly called The , or House of Refuge for the Reception of Orphan Girls, the Settlements of whose Parents cannot be found; and for incorporating the Subscribers thereto, and for the better empowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful Designs, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for establishing and well governing the charitable Institution, commonly called The Asylum, or House of Refuge for the Reception of Orphan Girls, the Settlements of whose Parents cannot be found; and for incorporating the Subscribers thereto, and for the better empowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful Designs.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberfordo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for draining, embanking, and preserving, certain Tracts of Low Lands, within the several Parishes, Towoships, or Places, of Muston, East manby, Foikton, Fixton, St ax Ion, IVillerby,

ton, Potter Brompton, S her burn, East Heflerton, ft

Yeddi igham, Knapton, Winleringham, Scampfion,

Sca.glethorpe, Setterington, and Norton, in the East Riding of the County of York, and within the several Parishes, Townships, or Places, of Old Mahon, Pickering, Allcrston, Ebberflon, Yeddingliam Abbey, Snaimon, Brcmp-ton, Ruflon, Wykeham, HuttonBushell, Ay ton, East -

ton, lrton, Seamer, Cayton, Lebberflone, Grijlhorpe,

and Scalby, in the North, Riding of the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) lor making Wet

Docks,

Huntspill Inclosure Bill, committed.

Asylum Chau ntjr Bill,

Mufton, &c. Drainage Bill prdented.

London Docks, &e. Bill, passed.

560

230 Mail

A. 1800.

Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of , be now

read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingross'ed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, For empowering the Directors to build a Wall round the Dock, and to inclose the Quays.

And the said Clause was brought up, and Twice read, with Blanks.

And it being proposed to fill the said Blanks with certain pecuniary Penalties;

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Re/o/ved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Ciaule.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Abbot took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Abbot reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Abbot accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And the said Ciaule was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingross'ed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, For limiting the Time for purchasing Lands, &c. for the Purpose of making the Dock.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingross'ed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, For inflicting a Penalty on Matters and Owners of Ships for having Lights on Board.

And the said Clause was brought up, and Twice read, with a Blank.

Refo/ved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refo/ved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Abeot took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr, Abbot reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made an Amend-

ment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Abbot accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to repoTt to the House; and he read the Report in his Place ;< and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingross'ed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, Declaring, that the Person who shall be in Possession of the Lands at the Time of the Purchase, shall be deemed entitled thereto, unless it shall appear that such Possession was wrongful.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingross'ed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, For authorizing the Court of Chancery to order reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by the Company.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 5. To leave out " Samuel ."

Pr. 7. 1. 8.1

and > To leave out " John Walker 9-J

1. 19. To leave out " S. T. ."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London.

Ordered, That Mr. Manning do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Public Ac-Reading of the Bill for more effectually charging Public cemuUtu«L Accountants with the Payment of Interest, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Pfiimat or House, by His Majesty's Command,

An Estimate. of the Expence of the Bavarian Sub-fidiary Army, conformable to the Treaty entered into between His Briiannick Majesty and the Elector cf Ba-

varia on the 16th of March 1800.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The laid Estimate is as followeth;

ESTIMATE

40 Geo. Ill

S6 *

ESTIMATE of the Expence of the Levy, and of maintaining the Bavarian Subsidiary Army, consistirtg of 12,000 Soldiers and 857 Waggoners, and other Individuals employed in the necessary Service of the Corps, making a Total of 12,857 Persons, for One Year, from ift of April 1806 *

Levy Money for 1,123 Cavalry and Horse Artillery, at 80 Crowns Banco Cr- B#. per Man - - - -- 89,840 -

D® ----- ----- for 10,984 Infantry, at 30 Crowns Banco Man - - 329,520 ——

Pay and Subsistence of 12,000 Men, from 16th March to ift of April -

Allowance of 3 Months Pay and One Horse to each Officer on taking the Field

Pay of the Army for One Year ——

12,865 Rations of Bread, at 7i Kreutzcrsp<?r Ration - - - *

1,041 Rations of Forage, at One Florin and 6 Kr per Ration - 37,902-

2,346 D -D® - - at ----- 5 Kr - D® - - 70,046 — —

Hospitals, Wear and Tear. Repairs of every Kind, Transports. Secret Service, Farriery, Forges, and all unforeseen Expences - -

Estimate of Effects loft ——

D® - - of Ammunition - -

Recruiting ——

Wood and Straw ——

Commissaries and Extra Expences ——

j£ s'

21,617 15 — 79,290 15 —

14.000 — —

17.000 — —

131,908 .10 — .

88,i8t — —

51,572 ——

107,948 — —

58.000 — — 25,006 — — 34,203 — — 21,656 — —

10.000 — -

12,000 — — -

454,780 ——

Dcdudt - - One-15th of the Value of Bread, Meat, Forage, and Pay, supposing the Corps

to be on an Average i-i5th below its Complement - 20,000 — —

I- 434,780 ——

Recapitulation:

£‘ s' d.

Levy Money ----- 131,908 10 —

Maintenance for One Year - - - 434,780 ——

£. 566,688 10 —

4

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Th$ Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

have paired Smhh.

Mr. Speaker,

Child's Estate The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for 'BlU inverting Part of the Personal Estate of Robert,

Esquire, deceased, in the Purchase of an Estate, situate near OJlerley Park, in the County of , to be settled upon the Trusts, and for the Purposes, therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Jervoise' Ef- The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for taie Bill. veiling Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Tris-tram Huddlestone Jervoise, Esquire, in Trustees, to be

fold, and for laying out the Money to arise therefrom, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Dies; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

TrnCori",a°d The House being informed that Mr. Glover (from the Exports,3pre- Inspector General of the Exports and Imports of Great lented. Britain) attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at

the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of the Value of all Imports into, and all Exports from. Great , for Fourteen Years, ending

Vol. 55.

the 5th Day of January 1800; — distinguishing each Year; — and distinguishing the Value of Imports from the East Indies and China, from the Value of all other Imports; — and distinguishing the Value of British Produce and Manufactures exported from the Value of Fo reign Articles exported; — together with the Difference between the Official Value and the declared Value of British Produce and Manufactures exported in the Year ending the 5th of January 1800.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Art Account of Account of the Number and Salaries of Officers, under the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, proposed to Tax office, be added to the Number existing on the 5th of ordered.

1799; distinguishing Persons to be employed as Surveyors and Inspectors.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to jfeporC consider of the Report which was made from the Com- deferred.

7 D mittee.

CMer md for Committee on King's JVJef-iage rdpcding an Union with Iielund.

Petition of K sbbon Mi-nutacturers of Coventry, referred.

P pers re-

le.icd.

House resolves irieii mio liie Cv;rn;iit:ee.

Hon.fe resolvet to adjourn to Monday.

Petition for Leave to prefect a Petition

m 2 3"

mittee, to whom the Petition of William M Inquire, and also, the Petition of the Executors of Charles Ashwell, deceased, and If 'illlam late of

the. Itland of Grenada, Esquire, were severally referred;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, reloive itself into the said Committee *

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to reloive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of His Majesty's, moil Gracious Mef-iage of the 2d Pay of April last, communicating to this House the Resolutions of the Lords and Commons of Ireland re I porting an Union between the Kingdoms of Great R retain and Ireland, with their Address to His Majesty thereupon, be now read.

And th.e said Order being read accordingly;

A Petition of the Matters, Undertakers of Work, and Artizans, engaged in the Manufacture of Ribbons, in the City of Coventry and its Neighbourhood, was pre-lented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have attended . with Anxiety and Appre-hension the Resolutions of the Two Houses of Parliament of Ireland respecting an Union of the Kingdoms ot Great Britain and Ireland, wherein it is proposed to admit the Silk Manufactures of , heretofore prohibited, at a Duty ofyfiio pe ad Valorem, together with some Countervailing Duty; and that the Petitioners feel greatly alarmed at the Admission, upon any Terms, of Irish Silk Manufactures, whereby the Supply

may be increased without any Addition to the Demand; and that the Petitioners, with other Artizans in the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, are fully competent to furnish any Quantity required for the Consumption of England, or for' its export Trade, and an Interference with them in these Respects will, as they fear, tend to the Injury of the Petitioners, to the Ruin of their Families, and eventually t<5 a Diminution of the Revenue of this Country: And therefore the Petitioners hope and trust. That the House will adopt a Duty upon Irish-made Ribbons, not merely sufficient to countervail. the Difference of Duty upon the Raw Material, but to protect also a Manufacture in which a large Capital is engaged, and which affords Maintenance to many Thou-lands of Men, Women, and Children.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the lev oral Papers, which were presented to the-House by Mr. Rose, upon the 28th Day of April laic, respecting Countervailing Duties, be referred to the Lid Committee.

Then the House refoived itself into the said Committee. '

Mr, Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker returned the Chair.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred, and had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Douglas also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again. t

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, reloive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of His Majesty's most Gracious Mefl'age.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

' A Petition of William Devaynes, Esquire, on Behalf of

himself, and of the Committee, appointed by the Sub-

x

Mail, A. 1806.

feribers to a Fund for the Relief of the induflious Inhabitants of the Cities of London and Westminfici\ the Borough of Scrrthzvarky and the adjacent Paiilhes, from the Dif-trofs occasioned by the High Price of the Necessaries of Life, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners having, in the Exercise of the Duties of the Situation they were placed in by the Subscribers, experienced the great Relief afforded to the Industrious by the Distribution of a Fund, raised by Subscription in December last, and the Necessity of its Continuance, they dated to the Public, early in the Month of March last, the Expediency of a Second Subscription to continue that Relief, without which many industrious Inhabitants of the Metropolis, and its Neighbourhood, depending on their Labour for Support, might have been reduced to the Situation of Parish Pensioners; and that a Second Subscription was entered into, which, as well as the First, though ample and generous on the Part of those subscribing, did not extend beyond a comparatively {mail Number of the Inhabitants of that very extended District through which the Relief.was dispensed, by the unremitting Care of those benevolent Persons, whole Time and Attention was given to the Detail of the Distribution; and that, under the Continuance, and even Increase of the High Prices of the Necessaries of Life, notwithstanding their utmost Endeavours, the Petitioners find them Selves unable to obtain farther Private Subscriptions to such an Extent as to continue the necessary Relief; the Petitioners therefore feel it their Duty to Slate to the House, their Anxiety to continue that Relief which they have hitherto had Realbn to hope has been the Support of a numerous Class of industrious and useful Members of Society, but which they cannot entertain an Hope of continuing, by the Means of partial and Private Subscriptions; and that the Petitioners, not having refoived to apply to Parliament for the raising of a Fund for the temporary Purpose of giving moderate Assistance to such of the industrious and deserving Inhabitants of the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of and the several adjacent Pari files, until this Day, therefore pray the House, That Leave may be given to exhibit a Petition for the Purpose above mentioned.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired.

Then a Petition of the Persons, whose Names are there-undersigned, being Alembers of a Committee appointed by the Subscribers to a Fund for the Relief of the industrious Inhabitants of the Cities of London and

Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and the adjacent Parishes, from the Distress occasioned by the High Price of the Necessaries of Life, was presented to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations as the last preceding Petition; and praying the House to take such general Measures as to them shall seem proper to raite a Fund for the temporary Purpose of giving moderate Assistance to such of the industrious and dei'erving Inhabitants of the Cities of London and the Borough of Southwark, and the several adjacent Parishes, who, during the present advanced Price of every Neccfi-fary of Life, cannot support themselves without foine Assistance.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole Ploufe.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Alorn-ing next, resolve' itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the better ascertaining and collecting the Duties granted by several Acts, passed in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the Duties on Income, and to explain and amend the said Acts, be novr read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The

for Relief tD l'oor ot LoO don, &c.

Leave gives#

Petition pM , fenced *

Bill to zimcrM Act> rcbur.j to Outies on Income, committed.

strport on Act

for Relief of

Pnpitf

Committee of Supply.

fcng's Mef-lage, Sic. refer! ed.

40 Geo. Ill;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Rc/olved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve ittelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to confk'er of an Act, made in the Thirty-firit Year of the Reign of H ispresent Majesty, intituled, k4 An Act to relieve, upon Conditions, and under Restrictions, the Persons therein described, from certain " Penalties and Disabilities to which Papists, or Persons " profiling the PopiJJi Religion, are by Law subject," the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the temporary residence in this Kingdom of certain Monallic Societies should be permitted, subject to the Proviiiuns of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving " in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain

Cates," and that the Admission of any new Members into such Societies should be prohibited; and that the Names and Numbers of the Persons belonging thereto should be annually returned to the Court of Quartet Sessions of the County in which they reside.

Resolveedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee That all Persons, undertaking the Public Education of Youth in the Romijlt Faith, should also return annually to the same Court a Lid, containing the Names and Number of their Pupils, together with the Names and Places of Abode of their respective Parents; and that a Power be given to Magistrates appointed by the Quarter Sessions to insped such Inditutions at Pleasure.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Sir Henry Paulet John Mr. Neivbo/t, and Mr. St urges, do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That His Majesty's most Gracious Message to this House, of the 1 ith Day of February lad, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom His Majesty's said most Gracious Message was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the Iloufe resolved itself into the Laid Committee. *

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragre took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Brag ye reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Kesolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Air. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was

directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Rejched, That this House will, upon "Monday ATorn-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole . Vol. 55. V

565

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Aa respeaing last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Salaries ot,

Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the ^becoa-Se$ *

" Courts in WcfmlnflcrHall, and also of the Lords of fiJeicd.

" Session, Lords Commissioners cf Judiciary, and Barons " of Exchequer, in Scotland; and for enabling His Majesty to grant Annuities to Persons in certain Offlees in the said Courts of Westminfl Hall, on their " Resignation of their respective Offices," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as relates to t)ie Salaries of the Lord Preside.it of the Court of Session, the Lord Chief Baron, the Lord Justice Clerk, the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Judiciary, and the Barons of the Exchequer, in land.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Subject Matter of this Motion, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as relates to the Salaries of the Lord President of the Court of Session, the Lord Chief Baron, the Lord Justice Clerk, the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Judiciary, and the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House i-eith Harbour to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bill>dctcrred upon the Bill for enabling the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland to advance to the Lord Provost and Magistrates of the City of Edinburgh, for the Purpose of completing the Improvements of the Harbour of Leith, a certain Sum, being Part of the Money which, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, was directed to be paid into the said Court of Exchequer by the Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will; upon -Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Bragge, according to Ol der, reported from the tottery Bill, Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reported, granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Onej and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr 1. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Su^rand Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to ^ii^'report! . repeal the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, granted by an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused; for reviving lo much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the Average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance

2 30 M

564 2 50 Maii.-^.1800?

«f drawback on the Exportation thereof; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported, for a Time to be limited, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Report on Mr. Mr. Peele reported from the Committee, to whom

titiln? Pc the Petition of Thomas Foden, of the City of

Chymist and Cotton Manufacturer, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it . appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Re-

port in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read; and is as followeth , viz.

Your Committee have, in obedience to the Orders of the House, examined the Matters referred to them, and humbly report;

That they have principally directed their Enquiries to Three Points; viz.The Nature of Mr. Foden s Discovery — The Benefits to be derived from it by the Public, and the Extent in which these Benefits may be obtained — And, the Reward to which the Inventor may be entitled. On each of these Heads they beg Leave to submit the Evidence they have received, distinctly and separately, to the Consideration of the House.

On the First Head they have examined Mr. Foden, the Inventor of the Discovery in question; who stated the Method of preparing his Composition called " Chryltalline Size," as described in the Specification of his Patent, to be as follows:

" 1 take a Quantity of calcined Gypsum, or any other calcareous or argillaceous Earth, I reduce them into a fine Powder; I then take Alum, Sugar, and the Glutine or Farina of Potatoes, these I mix together; I then, by the Addition of the Mineral Alkali and Glue, temper it to all Weathers;, and then it is made use of, in a boiled State, to form Paste, Size, or any other Purpose."

On the Second Head of Enquiry, they also examined Mr. Foden; who-delivered in to Your Committee Copies of Proceedings at several Meetings of Cotton Manufacturers, held at Manchester and its Neighbourhood, respecting his Discovery of a Substitute for Flour, for the U'c of the various Branches of the Cotton Manufactures, which Your Committee have subjoined in the Appendix to this Report. He then further stated, " That the Gypsum used in preparing his Chrystalline Size can be found in its natural State, in any Quantity, equal to Coals; the Places where it is principally found are Derbyshire, Nottinghamsh in prodigious Quantities, Cumberland, Wales, Lancashire, all a-round

tol, and in fiiort in every County of the Kingdom, was it to be fought for. That there is an earthy Substance contained in the Potatoes, which, on their being grated into Water, precipitates to the Bottom of the Vessel. One Third of this to Two Thirds of Gypsum, calcined and ground, forms the Powder of which the Paste is made, with a small Addition of Alum and Mineral Alkali, Glue, &c. That from Five Pounds of Potatoes, Ten Ounces of Glutine may be produced; that he further obtains about One Pound and Three Quarters, or Two Pounds, of Pulp, or fibrous Matter, and the Remainder is retained in the Water, from which a Spirit tan be obtained by Distillation. The fibrous Matter remaining may, with the Addition of about One Quarter of its Weight of Meal, be converted into Bread, highly Nutritive for Cattle, and will keep for Years, not ' liable to be destroyed by Frost. . That the Glutine from 9

damaged Flour, from Linseed, Horse Chesnuts, and other vegetable Substances, which contain mucous Matter, ^nd from Substances producing Animal Glue, may be applied to the same Purposes; — If Potatbes could be bought at Six Shillings per Load, or Two Shillings per Bushel, he could make One Fluttdred Weight for leis than Twenty Shillings, exclusive of the Advantages which may be derived from the Pulp and the Distillation. One Hundred Weight of this Substance will go further in making Paste, than One Hundred of fine Flour. He thinks this Powder could not be prepared by the Manufacturer without Difficulty, because the grinding of the Gypsum would require very heavy Machinery, and they might be induced to ule Lime in a Caustic State, which would be injurious to the manufactured Goods; if be was enabled to set up a Manufactory, he could supply the Public in One Month. That it takes near Two Pounds of Flour for every Piece of Cloth of Thirty Ya.ds made in this Kingdom, in the fizing, dressing, and printing of the Goods.

Your Committee next examined Doctor William king/on, ^Lecturer of Chemistry of Guy's Hospital) who stated,

" That he was acquainted with the Ingredients of which Mr. Foden's Substitute for Flour Paste is composed, and believes Mr. Foden'sStatement to be correct. He understands it consists principally of the farinaceous Part of the Potatoe, mixed with calcined Gypsum, or Selinite reduced to fine Powder; he conceives it likely to be applicable for many of the Purposes for which Paste is employed. If carefully calcined he does not conceive it to be detrimental to any Material he knows of; the Calcination is so simple a Process, that with common Care he thinks any Person may perform it; he has always understood Gypsum to be a Mineral Substance, found in different Parts of the Kingdom in great Abundance: he knows it has long been imported from France at a moderate Expence."

Dodfcor James Cutrey was next examined; and stated,

" That he believes the Gypsum found in Great , when properly calcined, is of the same Quality with that imported from France-, that by the Term Calcination applied to that Substance is merely meant the Use of such a Degree of Heat, as to expel the Water of Chryf-tallization and reduce it to a fine Powder; that the Remainder of the Potatoes, exclusive of the Glutine and the fibrous Matter, is washed off by the Water, and appears to consist of the watery Juice of the Potatoe. He thinks the Composition, if properly prepared, cannot injure the Cotton Goods, because he understands that from the Mode of its Application it does not penetrate the Substance of the Fibre of the Cotton, but is merely applied to its Outside in the Manner of a Varnish."

Mr. Williams, Callico Printer, at Stratford, in Essex was next examined; and stated,

" That as a Substitute for Paste, Mr. Foden's Composition will answer; but that he was not prepared to (peak respeefting Gum, compared with Mr. Foden's Composition, as he was making Experiments to that Effetft. The Effect of Mr. Foden's Composition is to make the Colour deeper than when Gum is used to thicken it, but the same Effect is produced by the common Paste."

Edward Stracey, Esquire, was then examined; and stated,

" That the Earth added to the Glutine in making the Paste, the Earth being as Two to One of the Glutine; whatever therefore is the Consumption of Paste, in such Proportion will be the Gain of the Food laved to Man."

Mr. Foden then stated,

" That the Weight of the extracted Glutine being added in Flour to the Pulp of the Potatoe, will restore

its

40 Geo. III. M 565

its nutritious Qualities; and it will'be more adapted to the Food of Cattle than before."

Edward Stracey, Esquire, being again examined, expressed the same Opinion.

On this Head of Enquiry Your Committee beg Leave to remark. That the Advantages proposed to be obtained from this Invention are of Four distinct Kinds: First, The Saving to the Manufactureers by the Substitution of a cheaper Article instead of Paste: Secondly, The Saving of Wheat Flour by the Employment of different Substances, of which great Part are of a Mineral Nature, for Uses in which great Quantities of it have hitherto been con fumed: Thirdly, The obtaining a considerable Quantity of cheap and nutritious Food for Cattle, from the Refuse of the Potatoes used in preparing the Chrystalline Size: Fourthly, The Use which may be made of the Water in which the Potatoes are to be mixed, for the Purpose of Distillation.

Your Committee have stated the Evidence laid before them in Support of the Expectation of the Two first of these Advantages; and it appears to them sufficient to justify very considerable Hopes of Success. With respect to the general Saving of Human Food which may be derived from it, it may, however, be proper to observe, that the Quantity of Potatoes consumed in preparing the Chrystalline Size on an extensive Scale must necessarily be very great, since Five Pounds of Potatoes produce only Ten Ounces of Glutine; but inasmuch as this may operate as a Motive for increasing the Cultivation of that valuable Root, Your Committee would not consider it as an Objection, nor can it at any Time be equivalent to the present Consumption of Wheaten Flour in Paste, as Two Thirds of the Composition of the Size is derived front the Mineral Ingredients.

With respect to the Two other Advantages held out by the Inventor, no Evidence has been adduced before Your Committee, except that several Cakes have been produced, composed of the Refuse of Potatoes, with a small Mixture of Meal from Barley, or other Sort of coarse Grain, which, from their Appearance, seemed likely to answer the Purposes intended.

With regard to the Third Head of Enquiry, Your Committee have judged that they should best execute the Intentions of the House, by laying before them such Suggestions as they have received from the Inventor himself, respedinga Mode of Remuneration, submitting' to the Wisdom of the House to decide which, if either, of the Plans proposed, may be deserving their Consideration.

The Expedations of the Petitioner will be explained by aReference to his Petition, of which Your Committee have subjoined the following Extract:

" That Your Petitioner, anxious to save the great Consumption of Wheat Flour at all Times in the various " Manufactures before mentioned, particularly at this " Period, is willing to relinquish all Right and Title to " the Interest he now has in the said Discovery, on receiving such Recompence and Reward for the heavy " Expences he has incurred, and the Time and Labour " he has bellowed, as this Honourable House shall think " just and proper.

" Y'our Petitioner therefore humbly prays thisHonourable House to take the Premises into Consideration, and " to grant Your Petitioner such Recompence and Reward " as lb useful and important a Discovery shall appear to " merit."

In addition to which, Your Committee beg Leave to subjoin the following Proposition which Mr. Foden has offered as an Alternative, instead of the Surrender of his Patent Right, and which he wishes to be adopted:

" T. Foden wishes Parliament to let him have Ten Thousand Pounds, to be inverted in Trustees ap-« pointed by Parliament, to assist him to carry on

VOL. 55.

« his Patent; which Sum he engages to pay back, Report on Mr. " within the Term of Fourteen Years, without In-

lion — <Qml-

" terest. mud.

" Thomas Foden. *

APPENDIX.

(A.)

Bull's Head Inn, Manch8 th April 1800.

At a Public Meeting of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Printers of Manchester, and the neighbouring Towns, convened at the Requisition of the Committee appointed at a former Public Meeting, held on the 4th Day of March last, to investigate the Merits of the Difr covery made by Mr. Foden, of a Chrystalline Size and Paste, composed of Materials forming a Substitute for Flour;

C. F. Brandt, Esq; Borough reeve, in the Chair;

The Proceedings of the Meeting held on the 4th Day of last Month being read, the Committee made the following Report:

" REPORT of the Committee appointed at a General Meeting of the Merchants, Manufactureers,

Printers, Dyers, Bleachers, Sizers, &c. &c. of this Town and Neighbourhood, held the 4th of March 1800, for the Purpose of ascertaining the Merits and Properties of Mr. FodenChryftalline Size and Paste, as a Substitute in Manufacturing Purposes for Wheat Flour.

J. Silvester, Esq; Chairman.

" Your Committee having been directed to make Enquiries and Experiments upon the said Substitute for Wheat.Flour, have taken into their serious Consideration this important Subject; they have, however, directed their Views merely to the Properties and Effects, without analyzing or enquiring into their elementary and component Parts; taking for granted, that the Specification given in by Mr. Foden, upon obtaining his Patent, is a true and faithful Recital of those Fadts.

" Your Committee, deeply impressed with the great Importance of these Discoveries, especially at this particu-larCrifis, if the Properties ascribed to them could be generally ascertained, and acted upon with Effect, by the Advantages alone in abridging the large Consumption of Flour for Manufacturing Purposes, of this valuable Article, a great Blessing would be derived to this Istand, that could not fail of securing a National Reward, and well-earned Honours, to its Author.

" Your Committee have been respectively furnished with these Compositions, and a certain Proportion has been delivered to the different Artificers; viz. Sizers,

Bleachers, Weavers, Dyers, and Printers, in order the better to ascertain its Utility, and the Advantages to be derived, by their accurate Observations made upon the visible Changes and Effects produced by a proper Application, through the various progressive Stages of all these Branches of Manufacture, approximating to Maturity.

" Your Committee have witnessed many Experiments, conferred with and examined numerous Artificers; and, with little Variation (none as to the Effects), these Operations and Enquiries have been attended with complete Success; but how far their Merits and general Principles, as applicable to Manufacturing Purposes, may be further extended, would be impossible for Your Committee to ascertain, inasmuch that in many Instances the Applications have been found not only useful and ample Substitutes for Flour, but also for Starch, and have other peculiar Properties far exceeding that of either, and much more useful, when the Principle and Application is more familiarized, and better understood.

" Your Committee, the more effectually to give Weight to their Opinion, beg Leave to submit in Detail the Evidence of the respective Manufacturers who have made Trials and Experiments of this Size and Paste, and

7 E who

23 ° Mail. 1800.

Report cm Mr. Fcxlcn's Feu-tioit — renit-miuA.

who have been examined by Your Committee; with their various Productions and Specimens annexed.

" Your Committee have therefore only to add, that, from a particular Attention and minute Investigation of the Properties of this Size and Paste, are fully persuaded they will answer all the Purposes described; and from their Excellence, simple Process in the Preparation, and comparative Cheapness, they will be preferred to that of Flour or Starch, and not only lessen the Consumption, but Your Committee are decidedly of Opinion they will be found to supplant the common Preparation of making Flour-Paste, and facilitate the Operation of the Weaver, Printer, and every other Branch of Manufacture embraced by these Enquiries.

" Your Committee are also finally of Opinion, that they will prove a simple efficacious Succedaneum, eventually the Means of saving to this Nation the Consumptions of very considerable Quantities of Wheat Flour, hitherto annually consumed in this Kingdom for Manufacturing Purposes only.

(Signed)

J. Silvester, Merchant.

James Darbyshire, Manufacturer of heavy Cotton Goods.

James Ollivant, Manufacturer of Dimities and light Goods.

Locke, Hind/ey, and Co.

Samuel Irvine,

J. T. Philips and Brother,

James War die.

Dyers.

Manufacturers of Mullins. Manufacturers of Ginghams and Handkerchiefs. Richard Potter, Manufacturer of Nankeens.

Nath, and F. Philips and Co. Manufacturers of Small Wares.

John Dodgfon, Calico Printer. *

Thomas Hoyle, Junr 7 James Hall, J

John Horridre, 1 1

Richard Beaky, \ Bleachers-Thomas Leach, Sizer of Twist."

Die above Report having being read, and it appearing to be the Wish of the Meeting that the compound Ingredients of the Chrystalline Size and Paste offered by Mr. Foden should be disclosed to the Committee, as well as analyzed and prepared by them, in order the better to ascertain its comparative Value with that of Wheaten Flour, the Gentlemen Committee attending the Meeting, having withdrawn for the above Purpose, on their Return made the following additional Report:

" In Consequence of the Request of this Meeting, We, the Undersigned, do certify, That we have purchased and prepared the component Ingredients for making the above Size and Paste, and that the same Effects have been produced on the Combination of these Materials, so purchased and prepared by us, as were the Result of former Experiments on the same Powder or Compound furnished by Mr. Foden himself; and moreover, we are sufficiently convinced, by the Simplicity of the Process, and the comparative Cheapness of the Ingredients, that this Composition will prove, for Manufacturing Purposes, an adequate Substitute for Wheaten Flour.

(Signed) J. Silvester, Chairman.

John Dodgfon, Joseph *

Ja‘ Darbyshire, F. Philips,

Tho' Hoyle, Junr John Horridge, James Wardie, James Hall, Thomas Leach,

James Ollivant, IVm Green,

T. Locke,

Sam1 Irvin."

The following Resolutions were then moved, seconded, and passed unanimously:

x ft. That this Meeting is highly satisfied With the Report of the Committee, and is sensible of the Benefits that will arise to the Manufacturers of this Country, by this Discovery, when generally introduced.

2d. That this Meeting recommends the Use of Mr. Foden's Chrystalline Compound to the Wcavers. Sizers of Twists, Bleachers and Finifliers of Goods, as a proper Substitute for Flour, for Size and Stiffening, as well as to the Printers for Paste.

3d. That the Thanks of this Meeting are justly due to the Gentlemen who composed the said Committee, for their laborious Investigation of the Subject entrusted to their Care, as well as for their very ingenuous and candid Report of the fame.

4th. That a Copy of the Proceedings of this Meeting, including the Report of the Committee, be delivered to Mr. Foden, signed by the Chairman; and the same be likewise published Once in the following Papers: the Three Manchester Papers, The Sun, The Courier, and The London Commercial Chronicle.

C. F. Brandt, Boroughreeve, Chairman.

Mr. John Jackson being called to the Chair;

The Thanks of the Meeting were unanimously given, to the Chairman, for his upright and impartial Conduct when in the Chair.

J. Jackfou.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the tJfe of the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill for the Security of Collieries and Mines, and for the better Regulation of Colliers and Miners, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be comrtiitted.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to permit Blubber from the and Davis's Streights to be boiled into Oil, after the Arrival of the Ships from the Fishery, and for charging the Duty thereon; for altering the Convoy Duty now payable on the Importation of Opium; for repealing the Duties on the Importation of Oil of Turpentine and Tar, and charging other Duties in lieu thereof; for exempting Burr Stones, and Stones used for the Purpose of Paving, or the making or mending of Roads, from the Duties charged thereon, when carried Coastwise; for obliging Matters of Ships laden with Tobacco to remove the same from their Moorings when their Cargoes are discharged; and for extending Bonds given on licensing Ships, Vessels, or Boats, to all Cafes wherein Ships, Vessels, or Boats may be liable to Forfeiture, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for granting a Bounty on the Importation of Rye, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The

Ways and Mean , deferred.

Colliers Rill, committed.

Customs Regulation Bill, committed.

Rye Bounty Bill, committed.

1

Further Consideration of Report on Herring Fifaeries, deferred *

Account of Public Expenditure, withdrawn, and another ordered.

Accounts of Public Expenditure, See, piei'ented.

40 Geo. III. 23 — 2 6°

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the British Herring Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their Improvement and Extensionj

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

Notice being taken that the Account, shewing how the Public Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th January 1799, together with the Monies paid into the same during the Year ending the 5th January 1800 — and the Monies paid out of the Net Produce of the Revenues of the said Year, in Anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt, together with the Amount of the Exchequer, Navy, and Transport Bills, issued and not redeemed during the said Year, have been actually applied, which was presented to the House by Mr. upon the zzd Day of April last, was not properly prepared;

Ordered, That the Order for printing the said Account be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Account be withdrawn, and a proper Account presented instead thereof.

Mr. Rose presented to the House,

A Pajier, intituled, " A Return to an Order of the " Honourable House of Commons, dated 2ad January " 1800, for An Account, shewing how the Public Monies " remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the " 5th Day of January 1799, together with the Monies paid into the same during the Year ending " the 5th January 1800, and the Monies paid out " of the Net Produce of the Revenues of the said " Year, in Anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt, together with the Amount of the Exchequer, Navy, and " Transport Bills, issued and not redeemed during the " said Year, have been actually applied] distinguishing " the Total Amount of the Sums applied to the following " Heads of Service: I. The Interest of the Public . " Funded Debt, together with the Charges of Management, the Sums applicable to its Reduction, the " usual Grant for the same Purpose, and Interest for the . " Debt upon Imperial Loans. II. The Interest on Exchequer Bills. III. The Civil List. IV. The other Charges on the Consolidated Fund, specifying the " Amount of those incurred for Courts of Justice,

" Mint, Pensions, Salaries, and Allowances and Bounties.

" V. The Civil Government of Scotland. VI. The other " Payments in Anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt, " specifying the Amount of those incurred for Pensions, " Bounties, and Militia and Deserters Warrants. VII.The " Navy, specifying the Amount of Monies respectively " paid for Salaries to the Admiralty, Navy, and Navy " Pay Office?, for Wages, Bounty, Flag Pay, Half Pay, and Pensions, for Dock Yards, Building of Ships, " Stores, Pilotage, and Contingencies, for the Marines, " for the Victualling, for the Sick and Wounded, for " Transports, and for Prisoners of War in Health. " VIII. The Ordnance, specifying the Amount of Monies paid for Services at Home and Abroad respectively. IX. The Army, specifying the Amount of " Monies paid on Account of the Ordinary Services, viz. for Regulars, Fencibles, Militia, Invalids, and " Volunteer Corps, for Barracks for Staff Officers and " Officers of Garrisons, for Half Pay, for Widows " Pensions, for Chelsea Hospital, for Foreign Corps, for " Exchequer Fees, and for Pay of Public Offices; (pe-‘‘ cifying also the Amount of Monies paid to the Extra-rt ordinary Services of the Army, and the principal Artides thereof. X. Loans, Remittances, and Advances " to other Countries, specifying the Total Amount paid " to them respectively. XI. Miscellaneous Services, " specifying the Amount of the Monies paid for Services " at Home and Abroad respectively: And, lastly, specifying the Amount of any Public Monies applied to Vol. 55.

" other Public Services, if any, hot hereinbefore enumeratedAnd also,

A Paper, referred to in the said Return, intituled, " Appendix E. 3. An Account of the Amount of " Bounties paid in England and Scotland out of the " Public Revenue, between the 5th 1799 and the 5th January 1800, being Payments in the Nature " of Anticipations of Exchequer Receipt."

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for effecting an Exchange between the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of the Holy Trinity of Chichester, and the Right honourable James Lord Selfey, and the Honourable John Peachey, of certain Messuages, Lands,

and Hereditaments, in the County of Sussex, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 26° die Maii;

Anno 40 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1800. Prayers.

MR. Bramjion reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the repairing the Parish Church of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

General Norton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Commen Fields, Meadow's, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Walton upon Thames, and the Manor of Walton hei, in the County of 5«r-rey, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates having Right of Common upon the Lands to be inclosed, assessed to the Land Tax at £. 58. 5 . per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Estates assessed at £.53. 14/. 8d. per Annum, who were neuter; and also, except the Proprietors of Estates assessed at ^.28. 9 . 4 per Annum, who had been applied to, but returned no Answer; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at £. 706. 6r. 4 d.per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Commicteehad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed

LorJ Selfey #

&c. Exchange Bill, read.

Chelmsford Church Bill, reported.

Walton upon Thames Inclosure Bill, reported.

Okehjmptou P-'VIPj Ji ll, p. viC..icd.

Woiilirn Tn-

clos-Tr ai'<l Di u l.age Bill, pi vkuted.

Linlc Plir.ii-iKml luclohirc Bill, p illed.

Fortin rMj?e, &r. Inclosure and Drainage

Bill, rc^rta!.

.568 cl 6° Mail. . 1800.

him to report to the House; and he read t^ie Report in Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-Ids'Vince"; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the ments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the read.

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a And several of the Amendments, made by the Corn-Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question mittee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time, were,

lew-rally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed toby

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be the House. ingrossed. Ordere, That the further Consideration of the said

Report be adjourned fill Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Robson presented to the House, according to Order, a B.ll for paving, and otherwise improving, the Lord Granville Leveson Gower reported from the St.MarvI *

Town of Okehampton, in the County of Devon: And the Committee to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting,

fame teas received; and read the First Time. and inclosing, certain Common Fields and Waste Lands; reported.' '

R.fAved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. within or adjoining the Parish of Saint Mary in Staf-

ford, in the County of Stafford, was committed; That Sir Richard Hill presented to the House, according the Committee had examined, and found that the to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing. Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of In-certain Commons and Waste Lands, in the several clolure, had been complied with; and that the Corn-Manors oi A lion Bigot f Wortlien, and Act on Rogers, in the mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and

Parish of Worthen, in the County of Salop, and for found the same to be true; and that the Parties con-

straightening, widening, and deepening, a certain Rivulet cerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satis-or Brook, cal ted The Rea, commencing at or near a certain faction of the Committee (except the Occupiers of Piece of Water called Mat ton Fool, on the Confines of Houses entitled to Right of Common on the Lands the Parish of Chirbury, and extending through the said intended to be inclosed, assessed to the Land Tax at Parish of Worthen, to a Bridge across the said River, cal- £. 36. 5 r. id. per Annum; and also, except the Proprie-led Horse Bridge, on the Confines of the Parish of West- tors of the Land intended to be inclosed, assessed to the bury, in the said County, and sundry Streams or Brooks Land Tax at 4 . per Annum, who refused to sign the emptying themselves thereinto: And the same was re- Bill; and that the Whole of the Occupiers of Houses o ccived; and read the First Time. interested in the Inclosure are assessed to the Land Tax

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, at £. 145. I'js. id. per Annum; and that the Whole of

the Proprietors of the Land intended to be inclosed are An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, assessed to the Land Tax at ft. 16. or. 6 per Annum; tl.t- Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of and that no Person appeared before the Committee to of-Litile Plumstead, in the County of Norfolk, was read the pose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through.

Third Time. the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto,

ReJ'clved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title which they had directed him to report to the House; be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de-Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of livered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Little Plumstead, in the County of Norfolk. Table: Where the Amendments were Once read through-

Ordered, That Mr. Act ley do carry the Bill to the out; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon Lords, and desire their Concurrence. the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Lord Granville Leveson Gower reported from the Com- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and ingrossed. inclosing, the Common Fields, Marsh, Meadow, and

Waste Lands, in the Manor of Forebridge, and in the An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and alter and Boughton «ut Parish of Caffe Church, in the County or Stafford, and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty- ^Roadt^ for embanking and draining Part of the said Common third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, King George Bill, pafed. Fields, Marsh, Meadow, and Waste Lands, and certain the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign other Low Lands and Grounds, in the said Parish of of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Castle Church, and in the adjoining Parishes, Townships, Road from the Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of and Places, of Sow Saint Thomas, otherwise Saint Thomas the City of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to upon Sow, Coton, Berkfwich, and Saint Mary in Stafford, Newport, in the County of Salop, and several other Roads in the said County of Stafford, was committed; That therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, Road leading from Newport aforesaid, to the Village or and found the same to be true; and that the Parties Place called in the Township of in

concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the the County of Stafford, being the Third District of the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of said Roads, was read the Third Time.

36 Acres and 2 Roods of Land intended to be drained; An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the and also except the Proprietor of Land intended to be in- Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing the Application of a doled, assessed to the Land Tax at £. 1. or. id. per certain Compensation, where the same shall exceed Two A,mum; and also except the Owner of One Beast Gate; Hundred Pounds.

and also except 19 Householders having Right of Com- And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the mon upon the Lands intended to be inclosed, who re- Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to fuied to sign the Bill; and that the whole Quantity of be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Land intended to be drained consists of 870 Acres Another' ingrossed Clause was offered to be added 1 Rood and 13 Perches; and that the Whole of the to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing the Application Proprietors of the Land intended to be inclosed are af- of the like Compensation, where the same is not more feiied to the Land Taxatjf.32. 17 s.3 J d. per Annum; than Two Hundred Pounds, norless than Twenty Pounds, and chat the whole Number of Beast Gates are 32, and And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the the whole Number of Householders having Right of Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to Common are 74; and that no Person appeared before be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder, the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Com- Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing the Appllca-Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him tion of the like Compensation, where the same shall be to report to the House j and he read the Report in his less than Twenty Pounds.

7 And

* 'gofs Lot-

bui, par-

Horncastle Canal re-committed Peti-tioD| retried *

40 Geo. III. 26°

Anti the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. 1.29. To leave out from w notwithstanding" to " and" in Pr. 9. 1. 20.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at , within the Liberties of the City of to and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, and several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from Newport aforesaid to the Village or Place called , in the Township of Stonnall, in the County of Stafford, being the Third District of the said Roads.

Ordered, That Lord Granville Leveson Gower do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill to enable Sir George Bigot, Baronet, Margaret Fisher, and Frances Bigot, to dispose of a Diamond by a Lottery, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable Sir George Bigot, Baronet, Margaret Fisher, and Frances Bigot, to dispose of a Diamond by a Lottery.

Ordered, That Lord Granville Leveson Gower do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bllifon reported from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Horncastle Canal, in the County of Lincoln, was referred; That the Committee had further examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had not been complied with, because the Necessity of applying to Parliament did not arise until long after the Months of August and September, the Times limited for giving Notices; that such Necessity was occasioned by the very violent and continued Floods during the Whole of the last un-seasonable Winter, by which the Works already constructed were found to be so greatly damaged, and the Cuts to be so filled up and obstructed by Silt and Sand, that, unless the same could be repaired and removed during the ensuing Summer, the Undertaking would be in Danger of total Ruin, and the Expence would, in Consequence, be so increased, as to make it probable that the Proprietors might eventually not be able to raise Money sufficient, and that the Public would therefore be deprived of the Benefits of so useful a Navigation; that the Funds of the Company are exhausted, and they are totally unable to effectuate the Purposes without an Amendment of their Act, and Powers to raise a further Sum of Money, and to take some additional Toll, in Proportion to the very great Expence which they are thus unavoidably put to: Upon the Ascertainhuent of these Fasts, a Petition was presented to Parliament on the 10th of March last, and a General Meeting of the Company was summoned by Public Advertisement, but that, owing to the distant Residence of many of the principal Proprietors, the same was not held until the 30th Day of April, when the W aters being run off, and the Extent of the Injury and Damages done being apparent, it was unanimousty agreed, upon due Consideration of the Circumstances, to

Voi 55-

Mali, 569

apply to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill, in the present Session, as the only Means of averting the great Loss that mult arise to the Proprietors, the injurious Delay to Public Business, and the future increased Burthen that mult fall upon the Public by the Imposition of still heavier Tolls, to meet the additional Expence which must necessarily arise; that accordingly Notice of the Intention to apply to Parliament in the present Session for a Bill for the above Purposes was affixed on the Sessions House Door at Kirton, in the said County of Lincoln, at the last Easter Quarter Sessions, and was likewise advertised Three Times in The Lincoln, Rutland, and Stamford Mercury, on the 2d, 9th, and 16th Days of this Instant May; and that the Committee had further examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Atl Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Witham, to or into the Town of Horncastle, in the County of Lincoln, and also for amending and rendering complete the Navigable Communication between the said River Witham and the Fosdike Canal, through the High Bridget, in the City of Lincoln, was read; whereby it appeared, That the Petitioner^ and others were united and incorporated by the Name of, " The Company of Proprietors of the " Horncastle Navigation, in the County of ,"

and were thereby empowered to make the said Navigation under the several Rules, Regulations, and Direct tions, contained in the said Act, and for that Purpose to subscribe amongst themselves a Sum not exceeding £. 15,000, but if that Sum should prove insufficient,-they were empowered to raise £. 10,000 more by Mortgage of the Tolls and Duties granted by the said Act; and, in order to pay the Interest thereof, to impose and collect such Dues as therein mentioned, not exceeding Two Shillings per Ton, on such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize,s as should be carried up or down the said Navigation: Then,

Mr. Robert Clitherow, being examined, said. That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and completed great Part of the said Works, and have expended the Whole of the Money they have raised amongst themselves, or have been able to borrow on Mortgage of the Tolls and Duties as aforesaid, and have incurred sundry Debts, and very great Arrears of Interest are payable to the original Subscribers by virtue of the said Act, and also laige Sums of Money to Proprietors of Estates for Lands cut and covered by making the said Canal: — And, the Witness further said. That to enable the Petitioners to finish the said Works, and discharge the said Debts and Arrears of Interest, it is rc-quisite that they should be enabled to raise a further Sum of Money than by the said Act they are empowered to do; and that for the said Purpose it is necessary to increase the present Tolls, and the said Act in some other Respects requires Amendment and Alteration.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Horncastle Navigation Company to raise a further Sum of Money to complete the said Navigation, and for amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Navigation: And that Mr. Ellison, Mr. Vyner, and Sir Gilbert Heathcote, do prepare, and bring in, the fapae.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving the Open Arable Fields, Stinted Pastures, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townftrip of Kearby, otherwise Kirkby, otherwise Kirby-cv.m-Netherby, in the Parish of Kirkby-Overblow, in the

7 F West

Kirkby Tr closure BiH» committed.

The Lords have pafi'ed

Adultery Bill.

Hale, &c. In closure Bill, pre tented.

Wood's Estate Bill, committed.

Bewdley Roads Bill, presented.

Walls-End Church Peti-lion, reported.

57° 26°

West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ellison, Mr. Vyner,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Punishment, and more effectual Prevention, of the Crime of Adultery; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Stanley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands, in the Manors and Townships of Hale and Halewood, in the Parish of -wall, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Richard Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Mordaunt Milner, Mr. Wilberforc&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Andrews presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of in the County of Worcester, to the several Places therein mentioned in the Counties of Worcester and Salop re-l'peftively: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Brandling reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Curate of the perpetual Curacy of Walls-End, and of the Chapel Wardens, Land Owners, and Inhabitants, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the several other Persons, Land Owners and Inhabitants of, and in the Parish of, Walls-End, and County of Northumberland, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report m his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. 'Thomas Davidfun, being examined, said, That the Parish Church of Walls-End is an ancient Building, and is now in a ruinous Condition, and is not only insufficient in Point of Size, but also inconveniently situated for the Inhabitants of the said Parish to attend Divine Service therein; and that the building of a new Church, in a more convenient Situation, within the same Parish, sufficiently large for the Inhabitants, would be a great Benefit to them, and would tend to the Encouragement of Religious Worship within the said Parish: That the

Dean and Chapter of Durham. of the Cathedral Church of Christ, and Blessed Mary the Virgin, are Owners of the principal Part of the Lands lying within the said Parish; and that the most convenient Scite for building a new Church, and necessary Buildings adjoining thereto,

Mali. A. 18 oo,

together with a Chapel Yard, is upon a Piece or Parcel of Ground, held by Lease from the said Dean and Chapter, near to the Village of Walls-End aforesaid, and in or about the Centre of and within the said Parish.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for taking down the Church of the Parish of Walls-End, in the County of Northumberland, and for purchasing a convenient Situation within the same Parish, and for building a new Church, with other necessary Erections thereupon: And that Mr. Brandling, Sir Matthew White Ridley, and Mr. Burdo do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Townlliip of Ingburchworth, in the Parish of Peniflone, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Trijlram Huddlejione Jervoise, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money to aril'e therefrom, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

A Paper, intituled, " Statement of Countervailing " Duties And also,

Copy of the humble Address to His Majesty of the Lords Spiritual and Tetnporal, and Commons, of Ireland, in Parliament assembled.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

The said Statement is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Address is as followeth; viz.

To the KING'S Most Excellent M A JEST Y.

The humble Address of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We Your Majesty's Most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to acquaint Your Majesty, That we have agreed to those Alterations and Additions which have been made by the Two Houses of the Parliament of Great B, to the Resolutions which we submitted to Your Majesty, in our Joint Address of the 28th of March last, as proper to form the Articles of Union of the Two Kingdoms: That we have seen with the most cordial Satisfaction, that entire Correspondence of Sentiment, which has been manifested by the Two Legislatures, in the Arrangement of this important Subject; and we doubt not, that by a Continuance of that friendly Disposition, the great Work, which occupies their Joint Attention, will be speedily and happily completed.

We beg Leave, at the same Time, to lay before Your Majesty, a Statement of those Countervailing Duties which are agreed upon as necessary to be imposed on Articles, the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of Great Britain, imported into this Kingdom, which we humbly request Your Majesty will communicate to the Two Houses of Your Parliament of Great Britain, for their Concurrence.

(Signed) JOHN GAYER, Cler. Pari.

G. F. HILL, Cler. Dorn. Com.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to

whom

Ingburchworth Inclo sure Bill, pre- ' Tented.

Jervoise's Estate Bill, read#

tatefne»t-ef Countervailing Duties, and Address of the Irish Parliament, presented.

40 Geo. III. 26° Maii.

whom it is referred to consider further of His Majesty's most Gracious Message of the 2d Day of April last, communicating to this House the Resolutions of the Lords and Commons of Irelandrespecting an Union be-

tween the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, with their Address to His Majesty thereupon.

Report on King's Mef-iage respecting an Union with Ireland.

Mr. Douglas, according to Order reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of His Majesty's most Gracious Message of the 2d Day of April last, communicating to this House the Resolutions of the Lords and Commons of Ireland respecting an Union between the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, with their Address to His Majesty thereupon, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House -, which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Duties herein after mentioned shall be the Countervailing Duties to be paid on Importation from Ireland into Great Britain, after the Union of the Two Kingdoms, on the several Articles enumerated in the Schedule N° I. A. annexed to the Sixth Article of the Union between the said Kingdoms; viz.

ARTICLES. Custoras. Excise.

BEER. — For every Barrel consisting of Thirty-six Gallons, English Beer Measure, of Irish Beer, Ale, or Mum, which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the £. s. d. £ s d.

Importer thereof - -- — 8 —

BRICKS and TILES. — For every Thousand of Irish Bricks - - — 5 —

For every Thousand of Irish plain Tiles ----- - - — 4 10

For every Thousand of Irish Pan or Ridge Tiles - - - — 12 10

.For every Hundred of Irish Paving Tiles, not exceeding Ten Inches square -For every Hundred of Irish Paving Tiles exceeding Ten Inches square For every Thousand of Irish Tiles, other than such as are hereinbefore enumerated and described, by whatsoever Name or Names such Tiles are or may be called - — 25

— 4 10

or known - ----- - - - - -CANDLES. — For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of IriJfj Candles of Tallow, — 4 10

and other Candles whatsoever (except Wax and Spermaceti) -For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish Candles which may be made of Wax or Spermaceti, or which arc usually called or fold either for Wax or Spermaceti,

notwithstanding the Mixture of any other Ingredient therewith - -CHOCOLATE, &c. — For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish Cocoa, Cocoa 1 I

Paste, or Chocolate - - - - - CORDAGE j viz. — To be used as Standing Rigging, or other Cordage made from topt Hemp, the Ton, containing 10 Cwt. ----- -- Of any other Sort, Cable Yarn, Packthread, and Twine, the Ton, containing 20 Cwt. - -- -- - CYDER and PERRY. — For every Hogshead, consisting of 63 Gallons English Wine Measure of Irish Cyder and Perry, which shall be imported as Merchandize, or for Sale, and which shall be sent or consigned to any Factor or Agent to fell or — 4 I© 3 4 4 4

dispose of ----- ----- -- — 19 2

GLASS. — For every square Foot superficial Measure of Irish Plate Glass - — 2 2}

For every Hundred Weight of Irish Flint, Enamel, Stained, Paste, or Phial Glass -For every Hundred Weight of Irish Spread Window Glass, commonly called Broad 236

Glass - -- --For every Hundredweight of Irish Window Glass (not being Spread Glass), whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known by the — 8 1

Name of Crown Glass, or German Sheet Glass - - - -For every Hundredweight of Vessels made use of in Chemical Laboratories, and of Garden Glafies, and of all other Vessels or Utensils of Common Botde Metal, 1 9 9

manufactured in Ireland (common Bottles excepted) - - - - -For every Hundred Weight of any Sort or Species of Irish "Glafe not hereinbefore - - 4 -f

enumerated or described - -Bottles of Common Green Glass, the Dozen Quarts - 9 2 2 —

HOPS. — For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish Hops - LEATHER unmanufactured. — For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hides of what Kind soever, and of Calve Skins, Kips, Hog Skins, Dog Skins, and Seal Skins, tanned in Ireland; and of Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins, so tanned, for Gloves and Bazils, which shall be imported in the whole Hide or Skin, and nei- 4 *

ther cut nor diminished in any Respect whatever ----- - - — — 1 \

For every Dozen of Goat Skins, tanned in Ireland to resemble Spanish Leather For every Dozen of Sheep Skins tanned in Ireland for Roans, being after the Na- 1 4

tore of Spanish Leather - - - -For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Hides or Skins, not hereinbefore enumerated and described, and of all Pieces and Parts of Hides or Skins which — 2 3

shall be tanned in Ireland For all Hides of Horses, Mares, and Geldings, which shall be dressed in Allum and 6

Salt or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland, for each and every such Hide Vol. JJ. m — 1 6 ( Continued.')

572

26° Mail,

A \1800<

ARTICLES.

LEATHER unmanufactured — continued.

For all Hides of Steersj Cows, or any other Hides of what Kind soever (those of Horses, Mares, and Geldings excepted) which shall be dressed in Allum and Salt or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland for each and every such Hide For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Calve Skins, Kips, and Seal Skins, which shall be so dressed in Allum and Salt or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland, and imported into Great Britain, in die whole Skin, < and neither cut nor diminished in any Respect whatever ——

For every Dozen of Slink Calve Skins which shall be (o dressed in Allum and Salt or Meal, or otherwise tawed with the Hair on, in Ireland »

For every Dozen of Slink Calve Skins which shall be so dressed in Allum and Salt or Meal, or otherwise tawed without Hair, in Ireland; and for every Dozen of Dog Skins and Kid Skins, which shall be dressed in Allum and Salt or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Buck and Doe Skins, which shall be dressed in Allum and Salt or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland, and which shall be imported in the whole Skin, and neither cut nor diminished in any Respect whatever ——

For every Dozen of Goat Skins and Beaver Skins, which shall be dressed in Allum and Salt or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland ——

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins, which shall be dressed in Allum and Salt or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland, and which shall be imported in the whole Skin, and neither cut nor diminished in any Respect whatever ——

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Hides and Skins not hereinbefore enumerated and described, and of all Pieces or Parts of Hides or Skins, which shall be dressed in Allum and Salt or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland -For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Buck, Deer, and Elk Skins, which shall be dressed in Oil, in Ireland, and imported in the whole Skin, and neither cut nor diminished in any Respect whatever -For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Sheep and Lamb Skins, which shall be dressed in Oil in Ireland ——

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Hides and Skins, and Parts and Pieces of Hides and Skins, which shall be dressed in Oil in Ireland -For every Dozen of Irish Vellum ——

For every Dozen of Irish Parchment ——

LEATHER manufactured into Goods and Wares — For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of tanned Leather manufactured, and actually made into Goods or Wares, in Ireland ——

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish made Boots and Shoes and Gloves, and other Manufactures made of awed or dressed Leather -For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Buck and Deer Skins, and Elk Skins, dressed in Oil, and manufactured into Goods or Wares, in Ireland -For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Sheep and Lamb Skins, dressed in Oil, and manufactured into Goods or Wares, in Ireland For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Hides and Skins, not hereinbefore enumerated or described, dressed in Oil, and manufactured into Goods or Wares, in Ireland ——

Ciiftomt.

MEAD or METHEGLIN. — For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of Irish Mead or Metheglin ——

PAPER. — For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish Paper fit or proper, or that may be used for, or applied to, the Uses or Purposes of Writing, Drawing, and Printing, or either of them, and of all Irish Elephant Papers and Cartridge Papers - -- - v -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish coloured Papers, and whited Brown Papers (other than and except Elephant and Cartridge Papers) fit and proper for the Use and Purpose of wrapping up Goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being used for, or applied to, the Purposes of Writing, Drawing, and Printing, or either of them ——

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish Brown Paper, fit and proper for the Use and Purpose of wrapping up Goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being used for, or applied to, the Uses and Purposes of Writing, Drawing, and Printing, or either of them ——

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of every Sort or Kind of Irish Paper, not hereinbefore enumerated or described (Sheathing and Button Paper and Button Board excepted) ——

For every One Hundred Weight of Irish Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard For every One Hundred Weight of Irish Glazed Papers for Clothiers and Hot Preflers ——

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Books bound or unbound, and of Maps or Prints, which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland -

i- > d.

Excite.

£ s. d, — 3 —

— C

a —

----- -6

----- 3

----- 6

~ 3 Si

— t 8 *

----- lk

----- 3

----- 6

— i — I

----- ik

— —

— io 6

( Cmtinued.)

dt>y

40 Geo. III. 26° 573

ARTICLES. Customs. Bxcise.

PRINTED GOODS. — For every Yard square of Irish printed, painted, or stained £ d.

Paper, to lerve for Hangings or other Uses ----- u

For every Yard in Length', reckoning Yard-wide, of Foreign Callicoes and Foreign Mullins, which shall be printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Ireland (except such as shall be dyed throughout of One Colour), over and above any Duty of Customs payable on the Importation of Foreign Callicoes and Mullins - - - - M 7

For every Yard in Length, reckoning Yard-wide, of all Irish printed, painted, stained, or dyed Irish-made Callicoes, Mullins, Linens, and Stuffs, made either of Cotton or Linen mixed with other Materials; Fuftiarts, Velvets, Vclverets, Dimities, and other figured Stuffs made of Cotton and other Materials, mixed or wholly made of Cotton Wool (except such as shall be dyed throughout of One Colour , only) - - — — 3f

For every Yard in Length, reckoning Yard-wide, of all Irish printed, stained, painted, or dyed Irish made Stuffs, not before enumerated or described (except such as shall be dyed throughout of One Colour only, and except Stuffs made of Woollen, or whereof the greatest Part in Value shall be Woollen) - V — — 3i

For every Yard in Length, reckoning Half Yard-wide, of all Irish printed, stained, painted, or dyed Silks (Silk Handkerchiefs excepted) over and above any Duty of Customs payable on the I mportation of Silk w — 1 it

For every Yard square of Irishprinted, stained, painted, or dyed Silk Handkerchiefs, and so in Proportion for wide or narrow Silk Handkerchiefs, over and above any Duty of Customs payable on Silk - -- -- - I 4

SALT. — For every Bushel, confiding of 56#. Weight Avoirdupois, of Irish Salt, or Irish Glauber, or Irish Epsom Salt - -- -- - — 10 —

For every Bushel, consisting of 65#. Weight Avoirdupois, of Irish Rock Salt — IO — !

SILK. — Manufactures of — Ribbons and Stuffs of Silk only, the Pound containing 16 Ounces - - - Note. — Two-thirds of the Weight of Gauze, and One-third of the Weight of Crape, is to be deduced for Gum and Dress. Silk, and Ribbons of Silk mixed with Gold or Silver, the Pound containing 16 Ounces - -- -Silk Stockings, Silk Gloves, Silk Fringe, Silk Laces, Stitching or Sewing Silk, the Pound containing 16 Ounces - -- -- --Silk. — Manufactures of — not otherwise enumerated or described, the Pound containing 16 Ounces ----- ---- -- Stuffs of Silk and Grogram Yarn, the Pound containing 16 Ounces - - -Stuffs of Silk mixed with Inclc or Cotton, the Pound containing-16 Ounces Stuffs of Silk and Worsted, the Pound containing 16 Ounces - - - Stuffs of Silk mixed with any other Material, the Pound containing Ounces - SOAP. — For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish Hard, Cake, or Ball Soap - — 5 — — 6 8 — 4 — — I 4 — 1 8 10 — 3 % — - 4|

For every Pound W eight Avoirdupois of Irish Soft Soap - *

SPIRITS, British. — For every Gallon English Wine Measure of Spirits, Aqua Vine, or Strong Waters; which shall be distilled or made in Ireland, and imported at a Strength not exceeding One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof - - - -Nate. — Spirits above the Strength of One to Ten will be charged in Proportion and on sweetened or compounded Spirits, the Duty will be computed upon the higheilDegree of Strength at which such Spirits can be made. , STARCH. — For every Pound Weight of Irish Starch or Hair Powder, of what Kind soever ----- ----- --- - 5 u

I 1 u ♦i *

SUGAR, Refined; viz. called Bastards; Whole or Ground, the Cwt - -Lumps, the Cwt. - ----- --- Single Loaf, the Cwt. - -- -Powder Loaf, and double Loaf, the Cwt. - - Sugar Candy, brown, the Cwt. - -- -- --Sugar Candy, white, the Cwt. - - - . - -Sugar, Refined, of any other Sort, the Cwt. ----- -- SWEETS. — For every Barrel, consisting of Thirty-one Gallons and a Half English Wine Measure, of Irish Sweets, or other Irish Liquor made by Infusion, Fermentation, or otherwise, from Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit or Sugar mixed with any other. Materials or Ingredients whatsoever, commonly called Sweets, or called or distinguished by the Name of Made Wines - - - — 18 4 I 14 — i 1164 I 19 I I 14 — i I 19 I 1191 m 4 2 —

TOBACCO and SNUFF. — For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of unmanufactured Tobacco, of the Growth or Produce of Ireland, over and above any Duty — I I

4 For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish manufactured short cut Tobacco, or Tobacco manufactured into what is commonly called or known by the Name of Spanish - -- - — I 7

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish manufactured Shag Tobacco — i si

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish manufactured RoU Tobacco - m - t 7

Vol. 55. 7 G (Continued.)

Bill for settling Disputes between Matters and Servants, re-committed.

Bill respecting Hides and Skins, ordered.

574

26"Mail. A. 1860.

ARTICLES. Customs. Excise. A

TOBACCO and SNUFF — continued. £ d s. d.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of manufactured Carrot Tobacco For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of every other Sort of Irish manufactured - 1 si

Tobacco not hereinbefore enumerated or described T A — — 1 7

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish manufactured Rappee Snuff - - — I 4v

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish manufactured Scotch Snuff - - — I 10.5

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish manufactured Brown Scotch Snuff - - — 1

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois 0 (Irmanufactured Tobacco Stalk Flour -For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of every other Sort or Kind of Irish manu- - ~ 1 9

fastured Snuff, or Snuff Work, not hereinbefore enumerated or described -Tobacco unmanufactured, the Pound ----- --- VERJUICE. — For every Hogshead, consisting of Sixty-three Gallons Wine -- 6 , I M 1-4 O HLx

Measure, of Irish Veijuice - -- -- --VINEGAR. — For every Barrel, consisting of Thirty-four Gallons English Beer Mea- — 7 8

sure, of Irish Vinegar - -- - — 12

WIRE. — For every Ounce Troy Weight of Irish gilt Wire -

For every Ounce Troy of Irish Silver Wire ----- -- For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish Gold Thread, Gold Lace, or Gold ~ — 7

Fringe, made of Plate Wire, spun upon Silk ----- - For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish Silver Thread, Silver Lace, or Silver — m - 7 8

Fringe, made of Plate Wire spun upon Silk - ----- - mm — 5 9

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords t6 communicate to their Lordships the said Resolution, and that their Lordships Concurrence be desired thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Douglas do carry the said Message and Resolution to the Lords.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better settling of Disputes between Mailers and Mistresses of Families and their Menial or Domestic Servants, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers, occupying the cutting of " Leather," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly. v

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for laying certain Duties upon Hides and " Skins tanned, tawed, or dressed, and upon Vellum " and Parchment, for the Term of Thirty-two Years, " for prosecuting the War, and other her Majesty's moll " necessary Occasions," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of the first mentioned Act as prohibits the Use of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes; and for better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the flaying thereof: And that Mr. Gascoyne,

Mr. Alderman Curtis, Sir William Mor daunt Milner, Mr. Jones, and Mr. Perceval, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Curriers, Shoemakers, Sadlers, and other Artificers concerned in manufacturing, cutting, or felling Leather in the Town and County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That very considerable Damage hath accrued, and long been sustained by the Petitioners, His Majesty's Revenue, and the Public in general, by the galhing and cutting of Hides and Skins in the taking off agd flaying the fame, and which the Laws now in being appear inadequate to prevent: And therefore praying for Relief in the Premises; relying that the House will frame l'uch Laws and Regulations, with such Penalties and Forfeitures, as shall seem meet, and calculated to ensure the desired End.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Douglas reported to the House, That he had, according to Order, been with the Lords, and delivered to their Lordships the Resolution of the House of this Day, respecting Countervailing Duties, and desired their Lordships Concurrence thereto;

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty between His Majesty and the Elector Palatine of Bavaria, signed at Munich, March 16, 1800, and Translation, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered,rThat the Estimate of the Expence of the Bavarian Subsidiary Army, conformable to the Treaty entered into between His Majesty and the

Elector of Bavaria, on the iflth of March 1800, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mt. Socaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Douglas

Petition front Northimpton / respectng H'des and Skins,

Resolution, respectting Countervailing Duties, delivered to the Lords *

Comrmttee u£

Supply *

Treaty with Bavaria, and Estimatc, ic-fened.

40 Geo. III.

26 M

The Louis jgree to *

ftefolutiorn respecting Countervailing Duties, with an Atidrels.

Address con«

tiuet'rd and agreed to.

Mr. Dougins reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed hitii to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Douglas also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Graves;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Resolution of this House, relative to the Countervailing Duties to be paid on Importation from Ireland into Great , after the

Union of the Two Kingdoms, on the several Articles enumerated in the Schedule N° 1. A. annexed to the Sixth Article of the Union between the said Kingdoms, and have also agreed to an Address to His Majesty thereupon, to which they define the Concurrence of this House.

And then the- Mcfilngers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Address intb Consideration.

And the said Address was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to lay before Your Majesty a Statement of the Countervailing Duties which we have agreed upon as necessary to be imposed on Articles, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Ireland, imported into Great Britain-, which we humbly request Your Majesty will communicate'to the Two Houses of Parliament of Ireland, for their Concurrence.

Then the said Address being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords . in the said Address to be presented to His Majesty.

And the Blank therein was filled up with the Words " and Commons,"

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint their Lordships, that this House hath agreed to the Address to which the Lords desired the Concurrence of this House, and have filled up the Blank therein with the Words " and Commons."

Ordered, That Mr. Douglas do carry the said Mef-

lage.

Report Supply. Mr. Braggi, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was, upon Friday last, referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majestythe Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in

at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

stiips front Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Mogador; That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-one Thousand Four Hfindred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be applied to the Satisfaction of the Parties interested; for the Losses they may have sustained in Consequence of the Destruction of the several Ships, The Aurora, The Mentor, and The Lark, and their respective Cargoes, referred to in His Majesty's most Gracious Message of the nth Day of February last.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon,- agreed to by the House.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House la'ofi-efpeabg 1° tefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, an§ Union with to consider further of His Majesty's most Gracious Mef-

lieland. VOLi 55.

sage of the 2d Day of April last , communicating to this House the Resolutions of the Lords and Commons of Ireland respecting an Union between the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, with their Address tb His Majesty thereupon, be nowr read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House refolded itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee:

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee; That they had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred, and had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Douglas also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of His Majesty's most Gracious Message.

A Petition of William Carr, Earl of Erroll, Lord Petition of the High Constable of Scotland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That James Earl of Linlithgow, present a Te-the Petitioner's Great Grandfather, having engaged in k 1011, the Rebellion 1715, war, attainted by Act of Parliament, and his Estates of Linlithgow and Callander became forfeited to the Crown; and that, by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, Cap. 8. intituled, "An Act for vesting the " forfeited Estates in Great Britain and Ireland in Trustees, to be sold for the Use of the Public; and for u giving Relief to lawful Creditors, by determining the " Claims, and for the more effectual bringing into the " respective Exchequers the Rents and Profits of the " said Estates till fold," it wras provided and enacted,

" That of the Nett Monies which shall arise by Sale of " the said Estates and Interests, or by the Rents and " Profits thereof, till Sale, after Allowance and Satisfaction of all just and lawful Claims thereupon, and after Payment of such Sums as by any Clause or " Clauses in this or the said former Act are authorized " to be issued out for the Salaries of the said Commis(loners and Trustees, or for incident Charges, or for " Rewards to Discoverers, or any other Clause touching " which any special Provision is made by this or, the said former Act, all the Charges of Prosecution relating " to the said forfeited Estates being discharged or reimbursed, a Sum, not exceeding £. 20,000, shall be appropriated and applied towards the making a Capital Stock for a Yearly Interest or Income out of the Monies which shall arise by the Sale of the said Estates " which lie in Scotland, and not otherwise, towards " erecting and maintaining Schools in the Highlands of " Scotland, according to such Ways and Methods, and " in such Manner, as by any future Act or Acts of Parliament to be made and past for that Purpose shall be " directed and appointed; and all and every the other " Monies, which shall arise by the said Sale and Rents " and Profits aforesaid, are, and shall be, appropriated " and applied towards the Dischargs of the Public " Debts of the Nation;" and that a small Part of the Estate of the said James Earl of , called

Mumrills,w'as held by him under the Duke of Hamilton, as superior Lord, and did, on the Attainder and Forfeiture of the Earl, revert to the Duke as such superior Lord, by virtue of an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, Chapter zo, " for encouraging Superiors and Vassals to remain ip their Duty;" but the Trustees appointed for the Management of these forfeited Estates having notwithstanding taken Possession of, and surveyed this Estate

576 26°

late of Mitmvilis, as making Part of the Forfeiture of

the Earl of Linlithgow, the Duke of , then art

Infant, by his Guardians, pursuant to the Directions of an Act, pafl'ed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, Chapter 22, put in his Exception to the Court of Session in Scotland, against the above mentioned Survey made of the Estate of Mumrills; and that these Trustees for the forfeited Ef-tates put in their Answer to this Exception; upon due Consideration of all which, the Court of Session; upon the 12th of August 1719, pronounced the following Decree: " That in virtue of the Acts of Parliament referred to in the Exceptions, the Excipient had Right " to the Property of that Half of the Lands of " rills, and of the Four Oxengates of Land of the said

" Lands of Mumrills, and of the North Half of the u Lands of Leuchbart and Brimmage, and also of the " South Half of the said Lands of Leuchbart and " mage, and the Half of the Mills thereof, with the Per- tinents which are contained and described in the Infeflments of the late Earl of Linlithgow, and were by " him holden of the Excipient; and to the Rents, Profits, and Issues of the said Lands, Mills, and others, in the State and Condition they were and Hood in upon " the 24th June 1715; and in and to the said Rents, " Profits, and Ififues payable for the said Lands, Mills, " and others, from and sincethat Time, with the Burden always of a Proportion of the Debts in Terms of the late Act of Parliament A and 50 Georgii, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Time to determine the " Claims on forfeited Estates, &c. and decerned and " declared the Right and Property of the said Lands and others, mentioned in the Exceptions, and Writs produced, with the whole Rents, Profits, and Issues 4t thereof, since the said 24th Day of June 1715, and " in all Time coming, to pertain and belong to the said " Excipient;" and that against this Decree of the Court of Session, the said Trustees on the forfeited Estates took an Appeal to the House of Lords, on hearing whereof the said Decree was, upon the 26th February 1720, affirmed, with this Variation, that it should not extend to subject the Tenants of any of the Lands forfeited to the Crown, to thirl or grind their Corn at the Mill of the Lands adjudged to belong to the Duke of Hamilton, as Superior thereof; and that the said Trustees having afterwards determined and adjusted all the Debts and Claims affecting the Estate of the said Earl of Linlithgow, found the fame, with Interest to the 25th December 1724, to amount to the Sum of £.24,864. 55. 4 and having considered the Value of the Estate of Mum-rills and others, decreed to belong to the Duke of Ha~ milton, and the Amount of the Debts decreed by them, to affect the said late Earl of Linlithgow's Estate, they declared the Estate, so decreed to the said Duke, to be affected with the Sum of £.4,901. $s. 4 as a proportional Part of the whole Debts affecting the whole Estate of the said late Earl of , which the Commissioners certified to the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, under their Hands and Seals, the 24th Day of March 1724; and a final Report, made by the said Trustees to Parliament in 1725, among other Things, they certified that the Sum of £.4,901. 5 s. 4 was due to the Public from the Duke of , as the

Proportion payable by him of the late Earl of Linlithgow's Debts, aqfwerable to that Part of the said Earl's Estate possessed by his Grace; and that the Duke of Hamilton contended that this Sum of £.4,901. 55. 4 with which the Trustees had charged the Estate of Mum-rills, and others decreed to belong to him, was greatly beyond the just Proportion with which it ought to have been charged; and that in 1731 a Bill was filed in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland against the Duke of Hamilton, to recover the said Sum of £.4,901. gs. 4 with Interest thereon, to which Bill the Duke put in his Answer, but dying in 1743, the Suit was, in 1754, revived against his Son, to which he also put in his An-

A. 1 Bool

fwer, infilling that the Proportion of the Debt laid upon the Estate of Mumrills, was much too high, having been laid on according to the Proportion of the Rent Roll as it flood at the Time of the late Earl of Linlithgow's Forfeiture; whereas the Rent of Mumrills was greatly-diminished in'Consequence of the Judgment of Hid House of Lords above stated, which (tripped it of the Thirlage of the whole Estate; and that several Vassals, holding of the late Earl, had taken the Benefit of the Act, First Ge'o. I. to hold their Lands of the Crown; that the Houses and Woods were never valued; that in some of the Debts the Earl was Surety, or Co-obligant only; and therefore a Proportion of these Debts only could affect his Estate; and that there were several Parts of the Earl's Estate concealed, which, if recovered and fold; would leflfen the Proportion of the Debts charged upon the Lands of Mumrills, but the Duke died in 1758; before the Cause came to a Hearing; and that in 1764 this Bill was revived against the Duke of Hamilton, and before it was brought to a Hearing his Grace conveyed the said Estate of Mumrills to the Petitioner's Father; and that if the Cause had been card, and the Duke had fuccceded in his Objections, the Claim of the Public for the above Sum of £.4,901. 5 4 would have been greatly diminitlied. — If the Crown had succeeded, it is submitted, whether they could have recovered more than the same Sum of £.4,901. 5 4 for the Trustees,

in their Two several Reports, only tlate, that this Sunt was due from the Duke to the Public, but they do not insinuate that his Grace was to pay Interest for the fame; but, if Interest had been found due thereon, the Public could only have had the Estate itself, which was not of sufficient Value to satisiy so large a Demand; and that without bringing these Questions to issue, the Petitioner, who is now possessed of the Estate of Mumrillsi takes Leave to remind the House, that His Majesty has, on several former Occasions, with the Advice and Consent of His Parliament, been graciously pleased to re (lore the Heirs of forfeited Persons to the Estates of their Ancestors, whole loyal and dutiful Conduct had marked them out as deserving of Public Favour; and that the late Instance, in 1784, of restoring to the Heirs of those Persons who were engaged in the Rebellion 1745, the ample and unimpaired Poflessions of their Ancestors encourages the Petitioner, the Heir of One of those unfortunate Persons, who, unth less Criminality, engaged in the Rebellion solicit to be restored

to tins small Remnant of the large Estates which were for Ages enjoyed by his Ancestors, and which, in 1720, were sold at a Price more than sufficient to discharge all the Debts and Demands affecting the fame; and that the Petitioner has been unable, before the Time which was appointed by the House for receiving-Private Petitions had expired, to obtain Information whether His Majesty's Gracious Recommendation would be given to the said Petition; And therefore praying, That the House will how be pleased to receive his said Petition.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired.

And a Petition of William Carr, Earl of Err oil. Lord High Constable of Scotland, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Containing the same Allegations as the last preceding^ Petition; and praying the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to discharge the Petitioner, and his said Estate of Mumrills, of the aforesaid antiquated and disputed Claim of £. 4,901. 51. 4 and Interest: due thereon.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved,

Leave gii^4

Petition

Cented.

Adultery Bill, read.

Ajjnqurt of Poor's Rate, Ordered,

Committee on Pill to amend Atts relating lt> Duties on Income.

Report on Sugar and Coffee Duties Bill, further considered.

40 Geo. III.

26° M

57

Refolded, That this House will. Tomorrow Mofning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

] An ingrossed feill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Punishment, and more effectual Prevention, of the Crime of Adultery was read the First Time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being ]5ut, That the said Bill be read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the YeiJ

I Mr.

[Sir Gilbert Heathcote, J Mr. Michael Angelo > 38. Taylor: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Tirile Upon Triday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this Floufe, An Account of the Total Amount of the Poor's Rate, and of the Income rated thereto for the Relief of the Poor in each Parish within the Bills of Mortality, and the Pa-riflies of Pancras and Maty-le-b; distinguislung in each same whether the Rates are made at a Rack Rent, or in what Proportion.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better ascertaining and collecting the Duties granted by several Acts, passed in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the Duties on Income, and to explain and amend the said Acts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, granted by an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing Plantation Sugar1

to be warehoused; for reviving so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the Average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation thereof; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported, fora Time to be limited, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, For deducting Fees and Stamp Duties on Bonds.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed toby the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with' the Amendments, be m-grofled.

Vol. 55 *

Ordered, That , the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ter consider of the several Accounts of the Net Froduce of deferred, the Fees and Emoluments of the Clerk and Clerk Assistant attending the House of Commons, for the last:

Ten Years;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee

The Ordef of the Day being read, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to M-.M'iw-consider of the Report which was made from the Com- defa-ie^0"' mittee, tb whom the Petition of William Ef-

quire, and also, the Petition of the Executors of Charles

Ashwell, deceased, and William late of the

Island of Grenada, Esquire, were severally referred;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Coihmittee.

The Order of the t)ay being read, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to aXoc/poor consider of the Petition of the Persons, whose Names are oi Los'ion.&c. there lindersigned, being Members of a Committee ap- deierred pointed by the Subscribers to a Fund for the Relief of the industrious Inhabitants of the Cities of London and

Westminster, the Borough of Southwark-, and the adjacent Parishes, from the Distfefsoccafioned by the High Price of the Necessaries of Life;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read,' for the' House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to jud'ef consider of so much of an Act, made in the last Session deferred.11 S of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts in " Westminster Hall, and also of the Lords of Session,

" Lords Commissioners of Justiciary, and Baron's of Exchequer, in Scotland; and for enabling His Majesty " to grant Annuities to Persons in certain Offices in the " said Courts of Westminster Hall, on their Resignation '

" of their respective Offices," as relates to the Salaries of the Lord President of the Court of Session, the Lord Chief Baron, the Lord Justice Clerk, the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Justiciary, and the Barons of the Exchequer, in Scotland;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,' resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Read- Lottery Bill, ing of the Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to His Mja~ delcrr€d jesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to vVays and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to de *

consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mofn-ing next, refoive itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Colliers Bill, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, defcrKd< upon the Bill for the Security of Collieries and Mines, and for the better Regulation of Colliers and Miners;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee on a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to per- gXtkmBrif.

7 FI mit

57s 266 — 270 Mail A. i Sac.

mit Blubber From the Greenland and Davis's

Streights, to be boiled into Oil after the Arrival of the Ships from the Fishery, and for charging the Duty thereon; for altering the Convoy Duty now payable on the Importation of Opium; for repealing the Duties on the Importation of Oil of Turpentine and Tar, and charging other Duties in lieu thereof; for exempting Burr Stones, and Stones used for the Purpose of paving, or the making or mending of Roads, from the Duties charged thereon when carried Coastwise; for obliging Mailers of Ships laden with Tobacco to remove the same from their Moorings when their Cargoes are discharged; and for extending Bonds given on licensing Ships, Vessels, or Boats, to all Cafes wherein Ships, Vessels, or Boats, may be liable to Forfeiture.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Braggereported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Committee on

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Bounty a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting a Bounty on the Importation of Rye.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Rnta'iM Ef. An ingrolfed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act real Bil ' for Rcbef of Persons entitled to Entailed Estates to be purchased with Trust Monies, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis.) 2 70 die Maii;

Pr. 15 1 33- 1 Leave out " and ail Interest for the

an I " same after the Rate aforesaid." 34 J

I.36. Afcer "Pounds" insert "and I11tcreft as aforesaid."

Pr. 16. 1. 2. After " hereto" insert " and.' *

1. 3. After " also" insert " the."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon; agreed to by the House.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing; the Open Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parishes of Exton, and Cottefnore with Barrozv, in the County of

Rutland, and for extinguishing the Tythes in those Parishes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. heferare, Mr. Pybus, &c.: And they 'are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Exton, tcc. lnciol'wie Bill commuted.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, GiouceiW and made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from t«i.' the City of G/ouceflerto the Town of Stroud, in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Baker, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, Glourefter and made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, and keeping in Repair, the te.i/

Road from a certain Bridge over a Brook or Stream

called Sudbrook, near the City of Gto the Nine

Mile Stone on the Briftul Road, at or near a Place caiied

The Clay Pitts, in the County of Gtunc five, was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Pitt, Mr. 5 targes, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Child's Estate for inverting Part of the Personal Estate of Robert Child, Bl11' reaJ' Esquire, deceased, in the Purchase of an Estate, situate near OJletiey Park, in the County of to be

settled upon the Trusts, and for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

S.r WiTum \V die ley's Tvhvte Kill, repoited, with /vneiidmer.u.

Anno 40° Georgii III. H Regis, 1800, A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hof or d and Mr. The Lords

Craves: have agi-eed toi

Prayers. Mr- Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Nottingham

MR. Monchon reported from the Committee, to, for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence Roads Bui.

whom the ingrolfed Bill from the Lords, in- to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the tituled. An Act for vesting the Manor of Joreton, and Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of'Two divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in More- Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of ton, in the County of Stafford, devised by the Will of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Sir IVHi lam Woljeley, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, be fold, and for the Application of the Money to arise for repairing and widening the Roads from Chapel Bar, from such Sale, and for other Purposes, was committed; near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to That the Committee had examined the Allegations of Nezvhavert, and from the Four Lane Ends, near Oaker-the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the thorpe, to Ashborne, and from the Cross Post on IVirkf-Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, worth Floor, to join the Road leading from Chesterfield to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the to Chapel-cn-le-Frith, at or near Longsion, ill the County-Committee had gone through the Bill, and made feve- of Derby, and from Sclston to Annesley Woodhouse, in the rul Amendments thereunto, which they had directed County of Nottingham; without any Amendment: And him to report to the House; and he read the Report also,

in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hop Duties the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the for suspending, until the First Day of January One Bill, with Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz. thousand Eight hundred and One, the Duties on AmenJinjnl-'

Pr. 15. I.28. Leave out the lull " of." Hops imported into Great Britain, and granting other

Duties

C.

4-0 Geo. III. 27s Mali.

579

Duties in lieu thereof; with fonre Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew, thy appointed , Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into tbcin!nl, Jen"S Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Chelmsford An ingrossed Bill for the repairing the Parish Church HlJa.1' B l1' of Chelmsford-, in the County of Essex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the repairing the Parish Church of ford, in the County of Efex-

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Petition rela- A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are fl^NovWimf- thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town of ior Roads Bill. New IVuidjor, and Parts adjacent, in the County of

Blrks, and also of the several Towns and Parishes of Horton and Wyrardifbury, in the County of Bucks, and of Harmondjworth, in the County of was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House on the 24th and 26th Days of March lait, Notices have been given at the Erfier Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden for the Couniies of Buckingham, Berks, and and Three Times in each of the Newspapers called The Reading Mercury, The County Chronicle, and The Star, that Application is making to Parliament for a Bill for making, maintaining, and keeping in Repair, a Road from the Town of New IVuidjor, in the County of Berks, through the Parishes of Hatchett and Horton, in the County of Bucks, and Stanzvell and ,in

the County of Middlesex, to or near a Bridge called High Bridge, near Longford, in the said County of Middlesex, in fuel) and the like Manner as is required to be, given by the Standing Orders of the House of Applications intended to be made relative to Turnpike Bills: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Williams, Mr. Jcd-rell, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Member added Ordered, That Mr. fanes be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pur-‘ ' luant to the Resolutions which, upon Friday last, were

reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to considerof an Act, made in ,-the

Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to relieve, upon Conditions, and " under Restrictions, the Persons therein described,

" from certain Penalties and Disabilities to which Papicts, or Persons professing the Pop ill: Religion, are by " Law subject," and were then agreed to by the House.

Lent Selfe)'?, An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act &c. Exchange for effecting; an Exchange between the Dean and Chap-^M,c°ra"nt- t]ig (jatj1C(jrai Church of the Holy Trinity of Cli-

che ft cr, and the Right honourable James Lord Selfey, and the Honourable J Peachey, of certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Sussex, was read a Second Time.

Reflived, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Steele, Mr. Pelham, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. Vol 55.

Mr. Charles Yorke presented to the House, according GuiWen Mor-to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, Jnd inclosing, BuVpnttowl. the Open and Common Fields,. Meadows, Pastures;

Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Gui/den Morden, in the County of Cambridge: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for extending the Royalty of the GlasgowPo-City of GlaJ'gowover certain adjacent Lands; for pav-

ing, lighting, and cleaning the Streets; for regulating the Police, and appointing an Intendent thereof, and Watchmen; for dividing the City into Wards, and appointing Superintendents; and for railing Funds, and giving certain Powers to the Magistrates and Council and Town and Dean of Guild Courts, for the above and other Purposes, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following'were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 69. I.12. To leave out from " directed" to

" and" in 1. 21.

Pr. 77. I.21. To leave out " Actions" and insert

" it" instead thereof.

I.22. After. " competent" to insert "to " the Procurator Fileal of the " Burgh and Dean of Guild " Courts oi'Glasgow for the Time " being to bring Actions;" and after " pass" to insert " at his In-

" fiance."

I. 26. To leave out from " before" to " and" in 1. 30. and insert " specified" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for extending the Royalty of the City of G la j go iv over certain adjacent Lands; for paving lighting, and cleansing the Streets; for regulating the Police, and appointing Officers arid Watchmen; for dividing the City into Wards, and appointing Commissioners; and for railing Funds, and giving certain Powers to the Magistrates, and Council and Town and Dean of Guild Courts, for the above and other Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. M~ Daw all do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence

Mr. McDuzvall reported from the Committee, to Lanark Road whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so Blll> rePortei much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, as relates to the Road from Parkhouse, to or near the Three Mile House, in

the County of Lanark, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Gascoyne presented to the House, according to Bill rtfprfling Order, a Bill to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the First Year of King James the First, as prohibits the Ufc rented, of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes; and for better preventing the damaging of Raw' Hides and Skins in the flaying thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved,

580 27° Mail. 180c;

Resolved, Tft>at the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, Trbat the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

kmhinand Mr. Jones reported from the Committee, to whom Bln^repoifeil. hc bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of Ruthin, in the County of Denbigh, to the Town of Mold, in the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrofi'ed.

Petition of A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Staffoidthiie, Staffordshireand Wore eft erjhCanal Navigation under

Company, their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and aeamit Leo- read; Taking Notice of the Bill to enable the Company Bill.4" Cani1 Proprietors of the Canal Navigation to

finish and complete the same, and to pay their Debts, and fof altering and amending Two Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Navigation; and Setting forth, That, in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, an Act was passed to enable certain Proprietors to make and maintain the said Canal Navigation from Kington, in the County of Hereford, by or through Leominster, to joiry the River Severn near Bridge, in the County of Worcester-, and that" the said Canal, when completed, will be of very great Advantage, not only to the Counties of Hereford and Worcester, but also to the County of Stafford and other Counties lying contiguous and North-warchof it, by opening to them a Communication by Abater for supplying them with the Produce of the County of Hereford, which at present, owing to the heavy Expence of Carriage along bad Roads, cannot be obtained upon reasonable Terms; and that the said Leo-minffer Canal was began in the Year 1791, but at present is only cut, and that in a very unfinished State, for the Space of Sixteen Miles, and has only openeda partial Communication between a certain Coal Mine and the Borough of Leominfer, and, so far from being of General Utility, can only be used for the Carriage of Coal thereon, from the said Aline to Lfor the Supply of the Town and the Country adjacent; and that 1,500 Shares, at ft. 100 perShare, were granted by Parliament for making, completing, and maintaining, the said

minsterCanal and Works, but, soon after the passing of the said Act, the Subscription Books were doled, and not more than a Subscription for 685 Shares admitted, at £. 100. per Share, and from thence arole a Deficiency

of Money to make and complete the said Canal; and that the cxifiing Debts of the Proprietors of the Leo-minster Canal are owing for Money advanced by Members of the Committee, on the Credit of their Canal, for the Purpose of opening a Communication between the said Coal Mine and the Borough of Leominster; and that, upon a Survey of a very able Engineer, it appears by his Report, that the Money already contributed by the Proprietors for making and maintaining the said Leominster Canal, has been expended in a very extravagant and imprudent Manner, so much 1b that the Am uni of the Sum now petitioned for by the Proprie-

tors of the Leominster Canal wopld have been sufficient; under proper Management, to have rendered the Undertaking of great Utility; and that, the Petitioners conceive, the said Act of the Thirty-finl of George the Third fully enables the Proprietors of the Leominster Canal to raise a further Sum of Money, by Calls upon theni-selves, for completing their Canal, but, under the Direction of the Persons at present conducting the Execution of the Works, there appears but little Probability of the said Canal ever being finished , and that the said Bill appears not only to contain Powers for raising Money, but also for altering and amending Two former Acts of Parliament, and will, if passed into a Law, enable the Proprietors materially to vary the Line of their Canal, and other Powers now exercised by them:

And therefore praying, That the Conduct and Management of the making the said Canal between the River Severn, at Stourport Bridge and KinField, may be given to Persons competent for that Purpose, and that Powers may be granted them to effect afpeedy and certain Carriage along the lame, and that the Powers of the said recited Act of the Thirty-first of George the Third may not in any other Respect be varied, altered, or abridged; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel or Agents, against the said Bill, and may have such further or other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall teem meet.

A Petition of the Persons, whole Names are there- Pttiiion of unto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others,

Proprietors of Shares in the Leominster Canal Navigation, miufterCanat was also presented to the House, and read; likewise a-Tain>t D» taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That BU1‘ the Petitioners have not been advised or consulted thereon; and that the said Bill contains a Provision for compelling the Proprietors to advance certain Sums of AIo-ney by Way of per Centage on their present Shares, as shall be sufficient to discharge the Debts contrafted by the Committee of the Proprietors to whom the Ala-nagement of the Concerns of the said Company, and the conducting of the Works, have been hitherto entrusted, and which Debts, or a considerable Part thereof, were contrafted by the Committee, as the Petitioners are informed and believe, illegally, and without the Authority of either of the Acts referred to in the Bill, and also without the Petitioners Knowledge of their Intention to apply to the House, or their Consent obtained to contribute any further Sums upon their original Sub-feriptions for any Purpose whatsoever; and that the Pe-tionershave paid their original Subscription of £. 100. per Share, and therefore conceive themselves free and discharged from all further Contribution to discharge the said Debts, nor can they consent to be called upon ter contribute any further Sum of Money; and that the Money already contributed has been from Time to Time expended in a most extravagant and imprudent Manner; and upon a Survey of the Works, made by a very able Engineer, it appears, that nearly the Amount of the Sum, now petitioned for by the said Proprietors, has been lavifried away through a Want of Attention in the Persons having the Direction of the Concerns, and no satisfactory Account how the Debts now duo from the said Proprietors arole has ever been delivered to the Petitioners, but the Petitioners are informed, and believe, that they arc owing for Money advanced by certain Members of the Committee of the said Proprietors, on the Credit of their Canal, in order to open a partial Communication, by Means of the said Canal, between the Borough of Leominster and a certain Coal Mine; and that the original Subscription was flopped by the Direction of certain Members of the said Committee, whereby the Number of Shares were reduced from 1,500 to 685, at £. too. per Share, which has already thrown a greater Undertaking and Expence upon the present Subscribers than they expected or intended to incur; and that the said Bill contains a Provision not only to raise Money to pay off certain Debts, and

fiuifii,

Adjourned Consideration of Report on Forebi iJge Inclosure, &c. resumed *

Holywell Tn-

closure Bill, committed.

Biiftol and Berkeley, See. Roads Bill, committed.

Tottmry, &c. Roads Bill, committed.

40 Geo. III. 27° Mali. 581

finish, complete, and maintain, the said Canal, but extends to alter and amend the Two former Acts for making and maintaining the said Navigation; and that the Mode proposed to compel Proprietors to pay Calls to be made upon them for Sums of Money they never subscribed, and subject them to Actions for Recovery of the same and Costs, is, as well as many other Clauses in the said Bill contained, unprecedented, and highly injurious and oppressive: And therefore praying to be heard, by. themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pal's into a Law; and for such further Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to thfe said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the Bill for dividing,\allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Marsh, Meadow, and Waste Lands, in the Manor of Forebridge, and in the Parish of Castle in the County of

Stafford, and for embanking and draining Part of the7 said Common Fields, Marsh, Meadow, and Waste Lands, and certain other Low Lands and Grounds, in the said Parish of CajHe Church, and in the adjoining Parishes, Townships, and Places, of Sozv Saint Thomas, otherwise Saint Thomas upon Sozv, Coton, and Mary

in Stafford, in the said County of Stafford, w^s committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Holyzvell with Needingworth, in the County of Huntingdon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Anneftey, Mr. Burton,&c.: And' they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for amending the Road from the Nine Mile Stone on the Brijicl Road, at or near a Place called The Clay Pits, to or near the Chapel at Stone, and also the Roads to or near Berkeley, Durjley, Wotton-under-edge, Stroud, and Sodbury, and

several other Roads in the Counties of and

Wilts, except so far as the said Act relates to the Roads to and near Sodbury aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Marquis of Worcester, Mr. Bragge, &c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-Vol. 55.

first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to such of the Roads from Tetbury, and other Places, in the County of Gloucester, as are comprized in the said last mentioned Act, and for amending and repairing certain other Roads in and through the Parish of Horff ley, and near Tttbury aforesaid, in the said County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Marquis of Worcester, Mr. Bragge, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the Road from a Place called The Stone Pillar or Cross in the Parish of

Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, to, or near to, a Bridge called Knox Bridge, in the Parish of Wfterleigh, in the County of Gloucefcr, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said (Counties of Wilts and Gloucester.

And the said Amendments were read j and are as followeth; viz.

Leave out " Noble'' and insert " Honourable."

Leave out " such" and insert " each."

After " Gates" insert " then." Leave out from " Roads" to " within" in 1. 3.

Leave out " any" and insert " such."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Marquis of Worcester do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Pr. 7 1. 4-

Pr. > 1. penult.

1. ult.

Pr. 14. 1. 1.

Pr. 38- 1. 41.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to repeal the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, granted by an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be ware-housed; for reviving so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the Average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation thereof; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title, be, An Act to repeal the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, granted by an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign; for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused; for r^ viving so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the Average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation thereof; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported, until the Tenth Day of May One thousand Eight hundred and One.

Ordered, That Sir William Young do carry MU Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the 23d Day of April last, " That there be laid before this House, An Account of the Number of Persons 7 I " imprisoned

Lords Amendments to Chip penham, &c. Roads Bill, agreed to.

up$rand

Colfce Duties Bill, passed.

Account of Persons imprisoned for Debt, discharged, and another ordered.

Mail

A. 1800.

Tli Lords deli re Copit ot Reports, Xc, ulativt 10 the For: 01 London.

The Lor^s have passed

Karl of Guilford's Estate Bill.

KimpriloncJ for Civil Debt in the lcveial Gaols within n the Bills of Mortality," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account of the Number of Persons imprisoned for Debt in Civil Actions in the several Gaols within the Bills of Mortality; distinguishing how many of such Perforts are so confined in Execution, and how many upon Mesne Process.

Ordered, That the said Order be sent to the Sheriffs of London, Middlesex, and Surrey, and that Copies of

the same be transmitted by them to the Gaolers and Keepers of all the Prisons where Debtors are confined tpithin their respective Jurisdictions.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords having appointed Friday next for the Second Reading of the Bill, intituled, " An ACtfor making Wet Docks, Balons, Cuts, and other Works, for " the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of " London," desire that this House will furnish the Lords with Copies of the Minutes of Evidence taken before the Committee on the Merchants Dock Bill, and the London Port Bill; and also, the several Reports made from the Select Committees appointed, in 1796 and 1799, to conllderof improving the Port of London: And also,

The Lords have passeda Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually veiling and facilitating the raising of a Sum of Ten Thousand Pounds, which, by the Settlement of the Family Estates of the Right honourable George Augustus Earl of Guilford, was prpvided for the Portions of his Younger Children, in and for the Benefit of the Honourable Lady Maria North (the only Child of the said

Earl by the Right honourable Maria Countess of ford, his late Wile) it fire shall live to attain the Age of Twenty-one Years, or to be married; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this Houlbi

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration that Copies of Rf-Part of the Message from the Lords, which desires that this House would furnish their Lord ships with Copies of Lo/a"' the Minutes of Evidence and Reports therein-mentioned.

Resolved, That this House will send to the Lords printed Copies of the said Minutes of Evidence and Reports, as defiled by their Lordships.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

Mr. Douglas, according to Order, reported from the Reportan

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred King' Mrs. to consider further of His Majesty's most Gracious in^an'umoa Message of the 2d Day of April last, communicating with irtUud. to this House the Resolutions of the Lords and Com *

Jnons of Ireland, respecting an Union between the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, with their Address to His Majesty thereupon, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the following Duties be the Duties upon the Importation into Ireland, of the Articles of the Growth,

Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain, which are enumerated in Schedule N° i.B. of the Sixth Article of Union, in order to countervail the internal Duties, and Duties upon the Raw Material, existing upon the like Articles, of the Growth; Produce, or Manufacture, of Ireland; viz.

£. s.

BEER. — For and upon every Barrel, containing 32 Gallons, imported from Britain - — 4

GLASS BOTTLES. — For and upon each reputed Quart ——

LEATHER unmanufactured. — For and upon each Pound in every Hide or Skin, or Piece of any such Hide or Skin, of what Kind or Denomination soever, other than such as are herein after mentioned and described ——

For and upon each Hide of Horses, Mares, or Geldings ——

For and upon all Skins called Veal Skins, and all Skins of Hogs, for every Dozen Skins thereof, and after the same Rate for any greater or less Quantity ——

For and upon all Skins for Shoes, and other like Purposes, and all Seal Skins, for every Dozen thereof, and after the same Rate for any greater or less Quantity -. For and upon all Skins for Bookbinders Use, for every Dozen thereof, and after the same Rate for any greater or less Quantity ——

For and upon all Goat Skins tanned with Shumack, or otherwise, to resemble Spanish Leather, and all Sheep Skins tanned for Roans, being after the Nature of Spanish Leather, for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois ——

For and upon all Sheep and Lamb Skins tanned for Gloves and Bafils, for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity -

LEATHER dressed in Oil. — For and upon every Hide and Skin, and Piece of such Hide and Skin, other than Rich as are herein after mentioned or described, for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois -For and upon all D?er Skins, Goat Skins, and Beaver Skins, for every Pound Weight thereof Avoirdupois ——

For and upon all Calf Skins, for every Pound Weight thereof Avoirdupois -For and upon all Sheep and Lamb Skins, for every Pound Avoirdupois -

VELLUM and PARCHMENT. — For and upon every Dozen Skins of Vellum -For and upon every Dozen Skins of Parchment - -

LEATHER manufactured into Goods and Wares. — For and upon all tanned Leather manufactured into Goods and Wares, whereof Leather is the most valuable Part, the following Dudes; viz.

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of tanned Leather manufactured, and actually made into Goods and Wares, in Great Britain, of Leather only, or of which Leather makes the most valuable Part ——

d.

6

1

5

2 1

3

2

r,

6

3

(Continue#-)

40 Geo. III.

27° Mail

LEATHER manufactured into Goods and Wares — continued.

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of tawed or dressed Leather, manufactured and actually made in Great Britain of Leather only, or of which Leather makes the most valuable Part ——

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Buck and Deer Skins, and Elk Skins, dressed in Oil, and manufactured into Goods and Wares in Great , of Leather only, or

of which Leather makes the most valuable Part ——

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Sheep and Lamb Skins dressed in Oil, and manufactured into Goods and Wares in Great , of Leather only, or of which Leather is the most valuable Part ——

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Hides and Skins, not hereinbefore enumerated or described, dressed in Oil, and manufactured into Goods and Wares in Great Britain, of Leather only, or of which Leather makes the most valuable Part -

d.

1

3

2

PAPER. — For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Paper fit and proper for, or that may be used for, or applied to, the Uses or Purposes of Writing, Drawing, or Printing, or either of them, and all Elephant Paper, and all Cartridge Paper ——

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all coloured Paper and Whited Brown Papers, other than, and except. Elephant and Cartridge Paper, fit or proper for the Uses or Purposes of wrapping up Goods, and not fit or proper, or capable, of being used for, or applied to, the Uses or Purposes of Writing, Drawing, and Printing, or either of them, and also except Paper Hangings ——

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Brown Paper, fit and proper for the Ule or Purpose of wrapping up Goods, and not fit or proper or capable of being used for, or applied to, the Uses or Purposes of Writing, Drawing, or Printing, or either of them -For and upon every One Hundred Weight of glazed Paper for Clothiers and Hotprefiers, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity ——

For and upon every One Hundred Weight of Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity ——

For and upon every Pound Weight of every Sort or Kind of Paper not hereinbefore particularly enumerated or described, other than, and except, Papers commonly called and known by the Names of Sheathing Paper and Button Paper, or Button Board and Paper Hangings

STAINED PAPER. — For and upon every Square Yard of printed, painted, or stained Paper, for Hangings, or other Uses, and so in Proportion for any greater Or less Quantity For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Books bound or unbound, and of Maps or Pi ints, which Avail be imported into Ireland from Great Britain -

CARDS — For and upon every Pack of printed, painted, or playing Cards, made or manufactured in Great Britain ——

And a further Duty of a per Pound Weight.

DICE. — For and upon every Pair of Dice made or manufactured in Great Britain -

WROUGHT PLATE. — For and upon every Ounce Troy Weight of Gold or Silver Plate, which shall be wrought, made, or manufactured, in and imported into Ireland -

_ 1

5 ~

10 —

---

-- I

— 2

1 5

10 —

— 6

SILK MANUFACTURE. — For and upon all Silks, being of the Manufacture of Great Britain, and imported directly from thence, the fallowing Duties For and upon all Ribands and Stuffs of Silk only, for every Pound Weight thereof, containing 16 Ounces ——

For and upon all Silk and Ribands of Silk mixed with Gold or Silver, for every Pound Weight thereof, containing 16 Ounces For and upon all Silk Stockings, Silk Gloves, Silk Fringe, Silk Laces, Stitching and Sewing Silk, for every Pound Weight thereof, containing 16 Ounces -

For and upon all Manufactures of Silk, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every Pound Weight thereof containing 16 Ounces - - - - .

For and upon all Stuffs of Silk and Grogram Yarn, the Pound Weight, containing 16 Ounces -For and upon all Stuffs of Silk mixed with Inkle or Cotton, the Pound Weight, containing 16 Ounces ——

For and upon all Stuffs of Silk and Worsted mixed, the Pound Weight, containing 16 Ounces For and upon all Stuff's of Silk mixed with any other Material, the Pound Weight, containing 16 Ounces ——

SPIRITS. — For and upon every Gallon of Spirits, being of the Manufacture of Great Britain, and imported from thence, a Duty of ——

SUGAR, Refined, of the Manufacture of Great Band imported directly from thence, the following Dutiesj viz.

For and upon all Sugar called Bastard?, white or ground, the Hundred Weight, containing 112 Pounds ——

For and upon all Sugar called Lumps, the Hundred Weight, containing 112 Pounds -For and upon all Sugar called Single Loaf Sugar, the Hundred Weight, containing 112 Pounds For and upon all Sugar called Powdered Loaf and Double Loaf, the Hundred Weight, containing 112 Pounds ——

For and upon all Sugar called Sugar Candy, brown, the Hundred Weight, containing 112 Pounds For and upon all Sugar called Sugar Candy, white, the Hundred Weight, containing 112 Pounds For and upon all Sugar refined, of any other Sort, the Hundredweight, containing 112 Pounds -

Vol. 55.

— 21

— 2 9

— 1 3

— 1 8

---6

~ — 9 ----61

— 37

— 19 8

1 16 1 of 1 19 4

224 1 16 10 224 224

(Continued.)

584

2j° M

j4. i8co.

Add rtfs thereupon.

Committee appointed to draw it up.

Papers referred.

Com mi tee on Public Accountants Sill.

Instructions.

SWEETS. — For and upon every Barrel, containing 32 Gallons Wine Measure, of Sweets,

or other British Liquor made by Infusion, Fermentation, or otherwise, from Fruit or Sugar,

or from Fruit and Sugar mixed with any other Material or Ingredients whatsoever, commonly called Sweets, or called or distinguished by the Name of Made Wines For and upon every Gallon of Mead or Metheglin ——

For and upon every Barrel, containing 32 Gallons, of Vinegar -

& -r- & — 10 —

TOBACCO and SNUFF. — For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of unmanufactured Tobacco of the Growth or Produce of Great Britain, over and above any Duty of Customs now payable ——

For and upon every Pound Weight of British) manufactured short cut Tobacco, and Tobacco manufactured into what is commonly called and known by the Name of For and upon every Pound Weight of British manufactured Shag Tobacco cut -For and upon every Pound Weight of British manufactured Roll Tobacco -For and upon every Pound Weight of British manufactured Carrot Tobacco -For and upon every Pound Weight of every other Sort of British manufactured Tobacco not hereinbefore enumerated or described ——

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of British manufactured Rappee Snuff -For and upon every Pound Weight of British manufactured Snuff called Snuff

For and upon every Pound Weight of British manufactured Snuff called Crown Scotch Snuff -For and upon every Pound Weight of British manufactured Stalk Flour -

For and upon every Pound Weight of every Sort or Kind of British manufactured Snuff or Snuff Work, not hereinbefore enumerated or described -

5

I 7 To *

— I I

I 7 To-

ll

I 7 TT?

— IO i

— 9$

1 4

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That an Address be presented to His Majesty, humbly begging Leave to lay before His Majesty a Statement of the Countervailing Duties which we have agreed upon as necessary to be imposed on Articles, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of Great , imported into Ireland, which we humbly request His Majesty will communicate to the Two Houses of Parliament of Ireland.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up the said Address:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. WDundas, the Lord Hazvkesbury, Mr. Long, Mr. Mr. Ryder, Mr.

Attorney General, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Pybus, Mr. Rojc, Mr. Shave Lefcvre, Mr. E/jord, Mr. , Mr.

Canning, Mr. Solicitor General: And they are to withdraw, immediately, into the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Resolution respecting the Countervailing Duties, together with the several Papers which were Yesterday presented to the House by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty's Command, and also His Majesty's most Gracious Message of the 2d Day of April last, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for more effectually charging Public Accountants with the Payment of Interest, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Jnstruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for allowing Interest to Public Accountants upon Monies ascertained or declared to be due to them.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for more effectually compelling the Payment of Balances due from Public Accountants employed in the Collection of the Revenue.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Manning took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Manning reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill, and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of -2

the said Bill, after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported from the Committee appointed to draw up an Address to be presented to His Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had direChd him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjecb, the Commons, in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to lay before Your Majesty a Statement of the Countervailing Duties which we have agreed upon as necessary to be imposed on Articles the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain, imported into Ireland; which we humbly request Your Majesty will communicate to the Two Homes of Parliament of Ireland, for their Concurrence.

The said Address being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That a Message be lent to the Lords to communicate to their Lordships the said Resolution and Address, and that their Lordships Concurrence bedefired thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Douglas do carry the said Message, together with the said Resolution and Address, to the Lords.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better ascertaining and coilcifting the Duties granted by several Acts, passed in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the Duties on Income, and to explain and amend the said Atfts, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had <lirected him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to empower any Court having the Direction and Controul of any Income, to appoint a Perl'on to make out and deliver Statements of stich Incpme, for the Purpose of its being assessed.

And

Address repotted, and agreed to.

Resolution and Addrtl's to be communicated to The lords.

Bill to amend Acts relating to Duties on Income, reported.

Resolution and Adikcfs delivered to the Lords.

Report Supply.

Bavarian

Troops.

40 Geo. IIL 'i-f Maii.585

And the said Clause was Twice read:; and, upon the and Ten Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for de-Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be fraying the Charge of Twelve Thousand. Men of the made Part of the Bill. Troops of the Elector of Bavaria in the Pay of Great

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, Britainto the ift Day of April 1801, pursuant to For enabling Commissioners of Appeal appointed for Part Treaty.

of a County, toa&for the whole County. The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be

made Part of the Bill. A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr, Resolution and

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, Graves: , Adareisre-

Directing Commissioners to settle what Proportions of Mr. Speaker, Unionfagreed

Instalments shall be paid, where the Assessment is sub- The Lords have agreed to the Resolution come to by to br ll« sequent to the First Instalment. this House, relative to the Duties upon, the Importa-. Loi<is *

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the tion into of the Articles of the Growth, Pro- »

Question put thereupon, agreed toby the House, to be duce, or Manufacture of Great Britain, which areenu-made Part of the Bill. merated in Schedule N°i.B. of the Sixth Article of

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, Union, in order to countervail the Internal Duties, and for enabling Commissioners to act for Counties in Wales, Duties upon the Raw Material existing upon the like and Scotland, who shall be possessed of less Qualifications Articles of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of than those prescribed by the former Acts. Ireland; and have also agreed to the Address to His.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Majesty thereupon, and filled up the Blank with the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be Words " Lords Spiritual and Temporal and." made Part of the Bill. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

For Relief of Owners of Lodging Houses. The House being informed that One of the Sheriffs Petition of

Artd the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the of the City of London attended at the Door, he was Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, a'gainit Bank made Part of the Bill. A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Com- Buildings Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, For mons, of the City of , in Common Council af-

explaining a Doubt respecting Persons holding perpe- sembled. tual Curacies. And then he withdrew.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the And the said Petition was read; Taking Notice of Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be the Bill to empower the Governor and Company of the made Part of the Bill. Bank of England to purchase certain Houses and Ground

Then several Amendments were made by the House contiguous to the Bank of England; and to enable them to the Bill, as far as Fo. 30. 1. 5. to improve certain Avenues adjacent thereto; and Set-

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to ting forth, That the Alteration in Princes Street, if exe-the Bill in Fo. 30. 1. 6. to leave out the Word " new" cuted in the Manner proposed, will totally prevent the in order to insert after the Word " Income" the Words Prosecution of the Design for making a more convenient " corrected in all Particulars in which the former Jsche- Communication from the North Road to com-

" dule shall appear to the said Commissioners to be prized in the Plan for General Improvement of the City, l defective, and so from Time to Time, until the said intended to be effected as Opportunity offers; and that " Commissioners shall have been furnished with a Sche- the said Street is proposed to be made narrower than at dule, exactly conformable to the Directions of the present, and the North Entrance thereof to be arched " said Acts ;" over, whereby the Public will be much inconvenienced;

And the Question being put, That the Word " new" and that, if the said Street was carried to the Westward Hand Part of the Bill; of the intended Extension of the Bank, and made of a

It was resolved in the Affirmative. proper Width, it would facilitate the intended General

Then several other Amendments were made by the Improvement, and be of great Public Advantage; and House to the Bill. that the said Bill contains divers Powers and Provisions,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be the Effect of which would be highly injurious to the ingrafted. Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against upon Friday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then such Parts of the Bill as may be prejudicial to their ingrafted. Rights and Interests, or otherwise affect them, and that

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said the same may not pass into a Law' as it now stands, or Bill, as amended by the Committee, and on the Re- that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the port, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Members of the House. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill Mr. Douglas reported to the House, That he had, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by according to Order, been with the Lorcfs, and delivered their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, before the said to their Lordships the Resolution and Address of this Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fft.

House, of this Day, relative to - the Union of Great Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-Britain and Ireland, and desired their Lordships Con- mittee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the currence thereto. same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said

Petition.

Mr. Douglas, according to Order, reported from the Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Corn-Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred mittee to whom the said Bill is committed, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed The House being informed "that One of the Sheriffs Pftition for him to report to the House; which he read in his of the City of London attended at the Door, he was loUoTc" Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, bbi.

Where the same w as read; and is as follow'eth; viz. A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Com-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, mons, of the City of London, in Common Council af-That a Sum, not exceeding Fiv Hundred and Sixty- sembled. fix Thousand Six Hundred and Eighty-eight Pounds And then he withdrew.

Vol. 55. 7 K And

A

Accounts from Chamberlain' Office, presented.

586 2j6 Maii. . 1800.

And the said Petition was read; Taking Notice of the Bill for extending the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Eighteenth and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to prevent the Misbehaviour of the Drivers of Carts in the Streets in London, Westminster, and the Limits of the Weekly Bills

of Mortality; and Setting forth. That the beneficial Effects intended to be produced by the said Bill would be considerably increased if Provision were made therein for subjecting Unlicensed Waggons, Carts, Drays, and other Carriages, for conveying Goods belonging to the Owners thereof within the said City and the Liberties thereof, or within a certain Distance.of the fame, to the same Rules, respecting the Quantities of Goods to be carried, as the Licensed Carts and other Carriages are now subject to; and also, if Provision were made for regulating the Price of the Cartage or Carriage of Coals and other Articles within the Limits aforesaid; and also, for limiting the Time for Night Carts, and other Carts and Carriages conveying noisome or offensive Articles, to pass through the Streets and other Places within the said City and Liberties: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John William , the Lord Mayor of London, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that Mr. Montague (from the Office of Chamberlain of the City of London) attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, purfiaant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London, on the 5th Day of July 1799: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of L, in pursuance of an Act for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing, the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, within the City of London and Liberties thereof, and for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, See. within the City and Liberties aforesaid, from the 29th September 1798, exclusive, to the 29th September 1799, inclusive: And also, An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of L, in pursuance of an Act for enabling the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, to purchase the present Tolls and Duties payable for navigating upon the River Thames, from the 31st of December 1798, exclusive, to the 31st of December 1799, inclusive: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Adk for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London near Temple Bar, and for making a more commodious Street, or Passage, at Snow Hill, from the 31st December 1798, exclusive, to the 31st December 1^99, inclusive: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act for repairing the Common Sewer in New Bridge Street, Black Friars, from the 31st December 1798, exclusive, to the 31st December 1799, inclusive: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, on Account of lighting, watching, cleansing, and repairing. Black Friars Bridge, from the 29th September 1798, exclusive, to the 29th September 1799, inclusive: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid by the 1

Chamberlain of the City of L, in pursuance of an Act for making a Street, or Opening, from Moor Fields, opposite Chijwell Street, towards the East in Street, See. from the 29th September 1798, exclusive, to the 29th September 1799, inclusive: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of Londons in pursuance of an Act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the Port of London, from the 7 th November to the 31st of December 1799, both inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for draining, embanking, and preserving certain Tracts of Low Lands, within the several Parishes, Townships, or Places, of Mujlow, East Flot-manby, WestFlotmanby, Folkton, Flixton, lerby, Binnington, Ganton, Potter Brompton, Sherburn, East Hejlerton, West Hejlerton, Yeddingham, Knapton, -

ingham, Scampston, Rillington, Scagglethorpe, and Norton, in the East Riding of the County of York, and within the several Paddies, Townships, or Places, of Old Malton, Pickering, Thornton, Allerston, Ebberston, Yeddingham Abbey, Snainton, Brompton, Ruston, Wykeham, Hutton Bujliell, West Ay ton, East Ayton, Jr ton, Searner, Cayton, Lebberstone, Grijlhorpe, Hackness, and Scalby, in

the North Riding of the said County.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enabling the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland to advance to the Lord Provost and Magistrates of the City of Edinburgh, for the Purpose of completing the Improvements of the Harbour of Leith, a certain Sum, being Part of the Money which, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, was directed to be paid into the said Court of Exchequer by the Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed tire Chair.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That tjiey had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the British Herring Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their Improvement and Extension;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

.The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of William Carr, Earl of Lord High Constable of Scotland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. William Dundas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr William Dundas reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. William Dundas accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee

to

Mufton, Sec. Drainage Bill, deferred.

Committee on I-eith Harbour Bill *

Further Consideration of Report on Herring Fisheries, deferred.

Committee on Petition of the Earl or Enroll.

:e lorted.

Bill ordered *

Committee on Mr. McDow-all's Report, deferred.

Committee on Petition for Relief to Poor of London,&c. deferred.

Committee on Act respecting Scotch Judges.

J.nttery Bill, deferred *

Committee on Colliers Bill.

40 Geo. III. 270

to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to discharge several Estates belonging to the Right honourable William Carr, Earl of Errol/, Lord High Constable of Scotland, from a dormant and disputed Claim of the Public.

And Mr. William Dundas moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to discharge several Estates belonging to the Right honourable William Carr, Earl of Lord High Constable of Scotland, from a dormant and disputed Claim of the Public: And that Mr. William Dundas, Mr. Douglas, and Mr. Hawkins do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to conllder of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of William M'Dozvall, Esquire, and also, the Petition of the Executors of Charles Ashwell, deceased, and William , late of

the Island of Grenada, Esquire, were severally referred;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Persons, whose Names are there-undersigned, being Members of a Committee appointed by the Subscribers to a Fund for the Relief of the industrious Inhabitants of the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and the adjacent Parishes, from the Distress occasioned by the High Price of the Necessaries of Life;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an A<St, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Augmentation of the Salaries " of the Judges of the Courts in Westminster Hall, and " also of the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of " Justiciary, and Barons of Exchequer, in Scotland; " and for enabling His Majesty to grant Annuities to " Persons in certain Offices in the said Courts of Westminster Hall, on their Resignation of their respective " Offices," as relates to the Salaries of the Lord President of the Court of Session, the Lord Chief Baron, the Lord Justice Clerk, the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Justiciary, and the Barons of the Exchequer, in Scotland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; vtfhich they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the ingrafted Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Security of Collieries and Mines, and for the better Regulation of Colliers and Miners.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. William Dundas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Vol. 55.

Mail 587

Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto 5 which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. William Dundas accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed hint to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Sevennight, the 9th Day of June next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to permit Blubber from the Greenland and Davis's

Streights to be boiled into Oil after the Arrival of the Ships from the Fishery, and for charging the Duty thereon; for altering the Convoy Duty now payable on the Importation of Opium; for repealing the Duties on the Importation of Oil of Turpentine and Tar, and charging other Duties in lieu thereof; for exempting Burr Stones, and Stones used for the Purpose of paving, or the making or mending of Roads, from the Duties charged thereon when carried Coastwise j for obliging Masters of Ships laden with Tobacco to remove the same from their Moorings when their Cargoes are discharged; and for extending Bonds given on licensing Ships, Vessels, or Boats, to all Cafes wherein Ships, Vel-fels, or Bo^ts, may be liable to Forfeiture, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with, the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting a Bounty on the Importation of Rye was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for more effectually charging Public Accountants with the Payment of Interest.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre reported from the Committee That they had gone through the Bill, and made several

Amendments *

reported *

Custorm Regulation Bill, reported.

Rye Bounty Bill, reported *

Committee on Public Accountants £!L

Earl of Guilford's Estate Kill, read.

Kind's Con-ient to Han-worth, &c. lucloiUic Bill.

Bill, passed.

Rye Bounty Bill, passed.

Edinburgh

Writ.

588 270 — 28° . 1800.

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Douglas have, Leave to make a Motion, it being near Eight of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly: And

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for more effectually veiling and facilitating the railing of a Sum of Ten Tiioufand Pounds, which, by the Settlement of the Family Estates of the Right honourable George Augujhts Earl of Guilford was provided for the Portions of his Younger Children, in and for the Benefit of the Honourable Lady Maria North (the only Child of the said Earl by the Right honourable Maria Countess of Guilford, his late Wife) if (he shall live to attain the Age of Twenty-one Years, or to be married, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Shaw Lhave Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly, That the in-grctled Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, and also the Waste Lands and Grounds, within the several Parillies of Hanwmth, Felt haw, and S unbury, in the County of

Midd/cfy, be now' read the Third Time.

Mr. Douglas (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as Elis Majesty's 'Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, and also the Waste Lands and Grounds, within the several Parishes of Heamorth, Felt ham, and in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. Shaw Lefevre do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence!

Ordered, That. Mr. Douglas have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly: And

An ingrossed Bill for granting a Bounty on the Importation of Rye, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting a Bounty on the Importation of Rye, until the Fifteenth Day of October One thousand Eight hundred.

Ordered, That Mr. Douglas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 28° die Maii;

Anno 40° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1800.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do. issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Citizen, to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Edinburgh, in the room of the Right honourable Henry Dundas, who, since his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Seal of Scotland.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of Moreand divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Moreton, in the County of Stafford, devised by the Will of Sir IV01[eley.

Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for the Application of the Money to arise from such Sale, and for other Purposes, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, jlo pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Moncktondo carry the Bill to the Lords j and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this ploule doth desire the Concurrence of their Lord ships.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Baron, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Town and Port of Rye, in the County of Sussex, in the room of Robert Dundas Saunders, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Town and Port, hath accepted the Office of Keeper of the Signet for Scotland.

Mr. Thomas Williams reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town of New Windsor, and Parts adjacent, in the County of Berks, and also of the several Towns and Parillies of Horten and Wyrardifbury, in the County of Bucks, and of

Harmondsworth, in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Brackley Woods, being examined, said, That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House on the 14th and 26th Days of March, and the 2d Day of April last, Notices have been given at the EQuarter Sessions of the Peace holden for the County of Buckingham, and at the Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden for the County of Berks, and also at the Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden for the County of Middlesex, and Three Times in each of the Newspapers called The Reading Mercury, The County Chronicle, and The Star, in the Month of April last, of an Application having been made to Parliament, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making, maintaining, and keeping in Repair, a Road from the Town of Nezv Windsor, in the County of Berks, through the Parillies of Datchet and Horton, in the County of Bucks, and Stanwell and Harmondsworth, in the County of Middlesex, to or near a Bridge called High Bridge, near Longford, in the said County of Middlesex, in such and the like Manner as.is required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House relative to Turnpike Bills.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon the 26th Day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Report was again re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town of New Windsor, and Parte adjacent, in the County of Berks, and also of the several Towns and Parillies of Horton, Wyrardifbury, and Langley, in the County of Bucks, and of Harmondsworth, in the County of Middlesex, was referred, might be again read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making, maintaining, and keeping in Repair, a Road from the Town of New Windsor, in the County of Berks, through the Parishes of Datchet and Horton, in the County of Bucks, and Stanwell and Harmondsworth, in the County of Middlesex, to or near a Bridge called Hi-fi

Sir Willinni Wolfeley's Ef-rate Bill passed, with Amendments.

Rye Wilt;

Petition relative to Notices for New Wind-for Roads Bill, reported.

Bill, or JereJ.

s

40 Geo. III.

28° M

589

Bridge, near Longford, in the said County of Middlesex: And that Mr. Thomas tVilliairts and Mr. do pre-

pare, and bring in, the lame.

Tawnty't EC. An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act pffed,'wkh for veiling the Estates of Penyston Port/ock Amendments. Esquire, deceased, situate in the County of , in Trustees, to be sold, for paying Incumbrances and Debts, and for laying out the Surplus, under the Directions of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be conveyed to the Trustees of the Will of the said Penyston Port lock Powney, in lieu thereof, was read the Third Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Milford do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Ttmrftonland Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to incioitire Biii, whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the pone ' Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Township of Thwjlonland, in the Parish of , in

the West Riding of the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satis--fad ion of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place 1 and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- grafted.

CopiwofRe- Printed Copies of the Minutes of Evidence taken be-Kive'to the fore the Committee on the Merchants Dbck Bill and the Port of Lon- London Port Bill; and also, of the several Reports made ried'to theC3r from deleft Committees appointed, in 1796 and lord . >e 1799> to consider of improving the Port of London, being laid upon the Table;

Ordered, That Mr. Manning do carry the same to the Lords, as desired by their Lordships.

Thome, Hat- Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to culfu'i^and" w^om the Petition of several of the Owners and Pro-Drainn " Pe- prietors of Lands and Estates within the several Town-uuon, reported, ships of ‘Thorne, Hatfield, Fishlake, and Syke-

house, in the several Parishes of Thorne, Hatfield, and Fishlake, in the Manor of Haitefeld, in the West Riding . of the County of York, was referred j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure and Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas France, being examined, said. That there are within the said several Townships, Parishes, and Manor, several Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Ings, Moors, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds belonging to the Petitioners; and that the same lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of being properly cultivated; but that if the same were divided, allotted, drained, itu-Vol. 55.

proved, embanked, and inclosed, the same would be of considerable Advantage to the Proprietors thereof.

Ordered \That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, embanking, and improving, the several Open Common Fields, Ings,

Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of Hatfield, Thorne, Stainforth, Fishlake, and Sykehouse, in the several Pari (lies of Hatfield, Thorne, and Fishlake, in the Manor of Haitefeld, in the West Riding of the County of York: And that Mr. Henry Lascelles and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Egbrough, the several Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and dm 1"c<r!»"rt Wastes, in the Vills or Hamlets of High Egbrough, 'P e ' Low Egbrough, Sherivood, Hutgreen, and Tranmoor, in the Parish of Kellington, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Wastes, in the Vills or Hamlets of High Egbrough, Low Egbrough,

Sherwood, Hutgreen, and Tranmoor, in the Parish of Kellington, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dilire their Concurrence.

Mr. E/lifon reported from the Committee, to whom iver inclosure the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Blll» reported. Common Fields, Lammas Lands, Commons, Heaths,

Moors, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Iver, in the County of Buckingham, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of Estates within the Parish of Iver, in the County of Buckingham, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Coma niittee (except the Owners of Land assessed to the Land Tax at f. 167. 2r. per Annum, who refilled to lign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of Land assessed at ^.112. 7s, per Annum, who were neuter; and also, except the Owners of Land allelfed at f.so. 1 is. per Annum, who could not be found; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is afiefled to the Land Tax at £.838. ic,s. 1 id. per Annum); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the.

Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Ellison presented to the House, according to HorrrsftieNa-Order, a Bill for enabling the Navigation

Company to raise a further Sum of Money to complete the said Navigation, and for amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Navigation:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Com- J?111 <or con‘

J . 2 1 , firming an

nnltee, to whom the Bui for confirming and ettabluh- Agreement for ing the Division and Inclosure of a certain Common, or Seitton, &c.

9 - — . inclolute Bill,

7 L

Parcel rcpoitctL

59°

a 8 0 Ma

A. 1800.

Lanark Ronds Bill, passed.

The King appoints to be attended with the Addresses of both Houses.

Parcel of Waste Land, called Seif ion Forest, otherwise Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

The Long Forest, within the Townships of Session, Bache, for making and maintaining the Peak Forest Canal, and

' ' !^ r for granting to the Company of Proprietors of the said

Canal further and other Powers.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. ao. 1. 21. After " thereof" insert " Provided " always. That the said Company of Proprietors, before they

and Norton, in the Parish of Culm tup on, in the County of Salop, and certain Exchanges of Lands and Estates within the said Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of as relates to the

Road from Parkhouse, to or near the Three Mile House, in the County of Lanark, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, as relates to the Road from Parkhouse, to or near the Three Mile House, in the County of Lanark.

Ordered, That Mr. AFDozvall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That His Majesty has appointed Tomorrow, at Three of the Clock, to be attended with the Addresses of both Houses of Parliament, at His Palace of Saint James; and that their Lordships have ordered the Lord Steward of the Household and the Lord Chamberlain of the Household to attend His Majesty therewith, on the Part of the Lords, and do desire this House

The Louis hare agited to

bugar ami

Cwihx Duties

£«U.

House appoints Four Members to attend His Majesty.

to appoint a proportionable Number of their Members agreed to by the House. to go with them: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, granted by an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign; for allowing BritifPlantation

Sugar to be warehoused; for reviving so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the Average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation thereof; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported, until the Tenth Day of May One thousand Eight hundred and One; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew'. v

Resolved, That Four Members of this House do go with the Lords, mentioned in the said Message, to attend His Majesty with the said Addresses.

Ordered, That the Mailer of the Rolls, Mr. Secretary at War, the Lord Hawkesbury, and Mr. , do go with the Lords, mentioned in the said Message, to attend His Majesty with the said Addresses.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

shall fell and dispoic of such " Lands or Buildings, shall firth " offer to re-fell the same to the " Person or Persons from whom " they thall have purchased such " Lands or Buildings; and in " case such Person or Person?

" shall not then and' thereupon " agree or shall refuse to re-purchase the fame, any Affidavit " to be made and sworn before " a Mailer Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's " Justices of the Peace for the " County where such Lands or " Buildings shall lie, by some <l Person or Persons no Way interelied in the said Lands or " Buildings, Hating that such " Offer was made by or on Behalf of the said Company of " Proprietors, and that such Ofter was not then and thereupon " agreed to, or was refused, by the " Person or Persons to whom " the same was so offered, shall in " all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that " such Offer was made and w-as " not agreed to, or was refused, " by the Person or Persons to " whom it was made, as the " same may be."

Pr. 30. In Clause (A) . Line 40. after " or" insert " towards the."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon.

Lords Amend-wents to Peak Forest Canal . Bill, agreed to.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the 4

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburne of do carry

the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the BiJI, intituled, An Act for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal to raise Money for completing the said Canal, and to vary the Line of the said Canal, and to alter, explain, and amend, the Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as

followeth; vizr

;ave out from " Proprietors" to the End of the Clause, and insert " before they shall lell and " dispose of such Lands or Buildings, shall first offer to re-fell " the same to the Person or Persons from whom they shall have " purchased such Lands or Buildings; and in case such Person " or Persons shall not then ami " thereupon agree, or Avail refuse " to re-purchase the lame, any " Affidavit to be made and sworn

" before

Pr. 23. 1. 19. Le

Lords Amend, ments to Rochttalc Cana! Bill, agreed t *

Eltwoub Tn-cloturc Bill, pidtuicil.

Uphill Inclo-lurs BtU, pre-fcutul.

Horsford, &c. Inclosure Biilj reported.

40 Geo. III. 28° Mali.

591

" before a Master Extraordinary " in the High Court of Chancery,

" or before One of His Majesty's " Justices of the Peace for the " County, Riding, or Place where " such Lands or Buildings shall lie, by some Person or Persons " no Way interested in the said " Lands or Buildings, (fating that " such Oder was made by or on " Behalf of the said Company of " Proprietors, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused, by " the Person or Persons to whom " the same was so offered, shall " in all Courts whatever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that " such Offer was made and was " not agreed to, or was refused,

" by the Person or Persons to whom it was made, as the same " may be."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire do carry

the Bill to the Lords j and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Charles Yorke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of in

the County of Cambridge: And the same was reciiyed; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bragge presented to the ploufe, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Pastures, and certain Common Arable Fields, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Uphill, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the

First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. AJlley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Half Year or Shack Lands, Warrens, Commons, Heaths, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds,- within the Parishes of Horsford, Horsham Saint , and Hamlet

of Newton Saint Faith's, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Property, rated to the Land Tax at £. 5. a Year, who refilled to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of Property, rated at £.16. 10s. who could not be met with; and that the Whole of the Property interested in the Inclosure is rated to the Land Tax at £. 1,726. 6j. or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Vol. 55.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and alter- Ruthin and ing and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of Ruthin, in the county of,

to the Town of Mold, in the County of Flint, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of Ruthin, in the County of Denbigh, to the Town of Mold, in the County of Flint.

Ordered, That Mr. Jones do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for ^unofCoifi the better regulating the Practice, and for preventing mmVXaLt Delays in the Proceedings, of the Court of Common Bill, ordered. Pleas at Laucaster: And that Mr. Newbo/t and Mr.

George Wood do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Committee ap-Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King ederof jva°n George the Second, intituled, "An Act to explain and relating to " amend the Laws touching the Elections of Knights ^ons^&ci " of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of " Great Britain called England," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House-was also moved. That an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to remove certain Difficulties " relative to Voters at County Elect ions," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner " therein dated, the several Sums of Money now charged " in Great Britain as a Land Tax for One Year, from " the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven " hundred and Ninety-eight," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to confided of the said Acts, of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and of the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also of the several Acts which have been passed for the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax, so far as the said last men- , tioned Acts may have affected the Rights of voting for Knights of the Shire, as regulated by the said Acts of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and of the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and to report the same to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Douglas, Mr.

Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Shaw Lefevre, Mr. Crewe, Mr. Bragge,

Mr. Perceval, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Charles Yorke, Mr.

Abbot, Mr. Nicholas Vanfttart, Mr. Mr.

Bankes, Mr. Williams Wynn, Sir Edmund Cradock Har-topp, Mr. Bramfhm, Mr. Baker: And they are to meet upon Friday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

Ordered,

House refolm

to adjourn to Fikhy.

Lottery Bill, parted *

Tivertoto

Writ.

Entailed Ef-tates Bill, committed.

Report from Committee on Act itspecting Scotch Judges.

592 28°

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 48. 1. 38. After " Place' to inlert " not duly

" licensed for the Sale of Tickets " or Shares."

And the said Amendment was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the eleding of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, in the room of the Right honourable Dudley Ryder, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the XDffice of Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Relief of Persons entitled to Entailed Estates to be purchased with Trust Monies, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Douglas, according to Order, reported -from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts " in Westminster Hall, and also of the Lords of Session, " Lords Commissioners of Justiciary, and Barons of Exchequer in Scotland; and for enabling His Majesty to " grant Annuities to Persons in certain Offices in the " laid Courts of Westminster Hall, on their Resignation " of their respective Offices," as relates to the Salaries of the Lord President of the Court of Session, the Lord Chief Baron, the Lord Justice Clerk, the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Justiciary, and the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Salaries now payable to the Lord President of the Court of Session, the Lord Justice Clerk, the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, the Lords Commissioners of Justiciary, and the ordinary Lords of Session, do cease apd determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That His Majesty be enabled to grant, out of . the Monies that shall arise from any of the Duties and Revenues payable to His Majesty in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the several Annuities herein after mentioned to the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Justiciary, and Barons of the Court of Ex-

Maii. 1800.

chequer in Scotland; that is to say, to the Lord President of the Court of Session for the Time being, Three Thousand Pounds; to each of the other Lords of Session, who shall not be Lord Justice Clerk, or a Lord Commissioner of Justiciary for the Time being, Twelve Hundred Pounds; to the Lord Justice Clerk for the Time being, Two Thousand Four Hundred Pounds; to each of the other Lords of Session who shall be Lords Commissioners of Justiciary for the Time being. One Thousand Seven Hundred Pounds; to the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer for the Time being. Three Thousand Pounds; and to each of the other Barons of the Court of Exchequer for the Time being. Twelve Hundred Pounds.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, wire, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That 3 Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Douglas, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Townshend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Pybus, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, Mr. Bragge, and Mr. firilliam Dundas, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Douglas, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enabling the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland to advance to the Lord Provost and Magistrates of

% o

the City of Edinburgh, for the Purpose of completing the Improvements of the Harbour of Leith, a certain Sum, being Part of the Money which, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, was directed to be paid into the said Court of Exchequer by the Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.'

Mr. Shaw Lefevre, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for more effectually charging Public Accountants with the Payment of Interest, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Proceeding upon the said Report be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And

Leith Harbour Bill, reported.

Public Accountants Billy reported *

Supply deferred *

Way and

Means, d« ferred.

4o Geo. III. 280 — 30° Mail.

593

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House sM'i Report!" to rNolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, deferred. ' to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of William

all, Esquire, and a!so, the Petition of the Executors of Charles Ashvuell, deceased, and late of

the Hand of Grenada, Esquire, were severally referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Customs Re- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) to permit Blubber from the Greenland and Davis's to be

boiled into Oil after the Arrival of the Ships trom the Fishery, and for charging the Duty thereon; for altering the Convoy Duty now payable on the importation of j Opium; for repealing the Duties on the Importation of

b; Oil of Turpentine and Tar, and charging other Duties

P'i in lieu thereof; for exempting Burr Stones, and Stones

used for the Purpose of paving, or the making or mending of Roads, from the Duties charged thereon when carried Cor. 11 wife; for obliging Mailers of Ships laden with Tobacco to remove the same from their Moorings when their Cargoes are discharged; and for extending. Bonds given on lictnfing Ships, Vessels, or Boat?,' to all Cates wherein Ships, Vessels, or Boats, may be liable to Forfeiture, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next.

ComfuUration Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Amemtnenis Confederation the Amendments, made by the Lords, to to Hop Duties the Bill, intituled, An Act for suspending, unt il the Bill, dcteneJ. pirft D^y of ''January One thousand Eight hundred and One, the Duties on Hops imported into Great Britain, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, be now read. And the said Older being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

i;t Million, ire. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second j Bl1 ' Reading of the Bill for draining, embanking, and pre-

eetTC ' serving, certain Tracts of Low Lands, within the several I Paddies, Townships, or Places, o East

by, West Flotmanby, , Staxton, H 'tilerby,

Binnington, Ganton, Bolter Brampton, Sherbnrn, lerton, IFejl Hejlerton, Wintering-ham, Scampjhn, Rll/iScagg/ethorpe, , and

Norton, in the Fall Riding of the County of York, and within the several Parishes, Townships,' or Places, of Old Malton, Pickering, Thornton, Ebberston, Ye deling-

ham Abbey, Snainton, Ruston, Wykeham, Hutton Bud; ell, West Ay ton, East Ay ton, Irion, Cay ton,

Lcbbcrfione, Gvjlkorpe, and Sra/by, in the North Riding of the said County, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

upon Friday Morning next.

if! ,

Life Anmii- The Order of the Day being read, for the Second

faied 1'<iC Reading of the Bill for further regulating Lite Annui-

ties, and for Relief of the Grantees of Lite Annuities in certain Cafes;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Sevcnnighf, the 6th Day ol next.

Committee on Petition for Keliet to Poor ot London, 4c. defencd.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Persons, whole Names Vol. 55.

are there-undersigned, being Members of a Committee appointed by the Subscribers to a Fund for the Relief of the indutlrious Inhabitants of the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and the

adjacent Pari (lies, from the Distress occasioned by the High Price of the Necessaries of Life, be now read-

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn — ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Proceedings on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Difymrsbe-"3 consider further of the Bill for the better settling of Dif- tween Mailer , putes between Mailers and Mistrefifes of Famalies and an<1 Seivam‘-their Menial or Domestic Servants;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes were directed to go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas ' $ Mr' Parktr Coke' I

idlers for the leas, J Mf Buxton:\

Mr. Jollijfe was appointed One of the Tellers for the Noes; but no Member going forth, nor any other Member appearing to be a Second Teller for the Noes; and Notice being immediately taken that Forty Members were not present, the House was told by Mr. Speaker; and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Friday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 30° die Mali;

Anno 40° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1S00.

Prayers.

/~\RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant wcnJo«r to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, Vvnc-for the electing of a Eurgefs, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of IVendovsr, in the County of Buckingham, in the room of George Canning, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Paymaster General of His Majesty's Land Forces.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Jervoise's Effor veiling Part of the Estates deviled by the Will of Bill, com-Trijlram Huddlestone Jervoise, Esquire, in Trusteer, to mKI *

be fold, and for laying out t he Money to arile therefrom, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of ether Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr of NewSarum, Mr. Huffy, See.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Simon Yorke presented to the House, according Scut1. Hyke. to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open h m L-.Uoiure Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, B" ' within the Parish of South llykeham, in the County of k Lincoln, and for making Cornpensation to the Rest or of South Hykeham aforesaid,. in lieu of the Tythes of all the Tytheable Lands within the same Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Byng presented to the House, according to Order, Edmonton in, a Bill to divide, allot, and inclosi:, a certain Allotment »

of Enfield Chace, called The Edmonton and to ‘,lclcntc '

divide and exchange certain Common Field Lands,

7 M Wait;,

Iver Inclufure L»U, passed.

Cimarvcn Church Petition, rej 01 ted.

New Windsor Roads Bill, presented.

Royal Assent to Bills.

594 3 a° Maii. . 1800.

Wade, and Marshes, in Edmonton aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time *

Aningrossed Bill for dividing allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Lammas Lands Commons, Heaths, Moors, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Iver, in the County of Buckingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass j And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Lammas Lands, Commons, Heaths, Moors, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Iver, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Ellison do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Thomas Williams reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Town and Borough of Carnarvon, and of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the same Town, and the Neighbourhood thereof, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr, Owen Anthony Poole, being examined, said, That the Church or Chapel of Saint Mary, within the said Town and Borough, and the Tower thereof, are in a very ruinous and decayed State, so as Divine Service cannot with Safety be performed therein, and it is necessary that the said Church and Tower should be taken down and rebuilt, which will be attended with considerable Expence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for taking down, and re-building, upon a more enlarged Scale, the Chapel of Saint Mary, in the Town of Carnarvon: And that Mr. Thomas Williams and the Lord Paget do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Thomas Williams presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making, maintaining, and keeping in Repair, a Road from the Town of New in the County of Berks, through the Parishes of Datchet and Horton, in the County of Bucks, and and

Harmondsworth, in the County of Middlesex, to or near a Bridge called High Bridge, near Longford, in the said County of Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Sevennight, the nth Day of June next.

A MefTage by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales. His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His

Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Eldon, and the Lord Steward of His Majesty's House-hold, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act to repeal the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, granted by an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign; for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused; for reviving so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the Average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation thereof; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported, until the Tenth Day of May One thousand Eight hundred and One:

An Act for repealing the Rates and Fares taken by Licensed Hackney Coachmen, and for establishing other Rates and Fares in lieu thereof; and for explaining and amending several Laws relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs:

An Act to confirm an Agreement entered into between the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury and the most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable " the Commissioners of the Treasury to contract with " the most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond for the absolute Purchase of the Property of the said Duke, " and of all others interested in a certain Duty of Twelve " Pence per Chaldron on Coals shipped in the River " Tyne, to be consumed in England, and to grant a " Compensation for the fame, by Way of Annuity, payable out of the Consolidated Fund

An Act for granting, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and One, certain Allowances to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants of Militia, disembodied under an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to accept the Services of an additional Number " of Volunteers from the Militia, under certain Restric-« tions:"

An Act for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing the Duties on Glass, as was to continue in Force for a limited Time; and to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty upon certain Species of Britishand Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred and One; to the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; to the encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and securing the Duties on Foreign-made Sail Cloth imported; to the securing the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails with a Duty, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand Eight hundred and Four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs, and of the Naval Officers in the British Colonies in America, and of the Officers of the Customs in the Island of Newfoundland, until the Ninth Day of May One thousand Eight hundred and Four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the landing Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties of Ex-cife, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand Eight hundred and Five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the

encouraging

40 Geo. III. 30° Mali. 505

encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland and Parts adjacent from Great , and the

Britisht Dominions in Europe, until the First Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and Two j and to the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's until the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Eight hundred and One:

An Act for the more easy and expeditious Recovery of Small Debts, and determining Small Causes, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland:

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint John, in the County of Middlesex:

An Act for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal to raise Money for completing the said Canal, and to vary the Line of the said Canal, and to alter, explain, and amend, the Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal:

An Act to enable the Dearne and Dove Canal Company to finish and complete the said Canal, and the several Collateral Cuts branching therefrom j and for explaining, amending, and enlarging, the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and for increasing the Tolls thereby granted:

An Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Peak Canal, and for granting to the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal further and other Powers:

An Act for enabling the Huddersfield Canal Company to finish and complete the Huddersfield Canal, and for amending the Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Huddersfield Canal:

An Act for amending and making more effectual an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for embanking, draining, and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon, and in the Parishes of Doddington, March, Benwick, and Chat-

teris, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and for amending the Road from a certain Bridge, in the Parish of Chatteris aforesaid, called Carter's Bridge, by a Drain called Fermuyden's,or The Forty Feet to a Bridge called The Forty Feet Bridge, in the said Parish of Ramsey, so far as the said Act relates to embank-

ing the Lands therein described, called by the Name of The Upper Difiribl or Division:

An Act for draining, improving, and preserving, the Low Lands and Grounds within the Townships of Crof-ton, Mawfdejley, Ruff or d, Bifpham, Tarleton, and Brether-

ton, in the County Palatine of Lancajicr:

An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge across the River Tawey, at a Place called The Wich Tree, in the Pari fit of Llansamlett, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Llangefelach, in the County of Glamorgan; for making proper Avenues or Roads to and from the said Bridge; and also for repairing and widening the Road from Pentre Brook, near a Place called in the Parish of Saint John's, near Swansea, to the said intended Bridge:

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution Two several Acts, passed in the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London, near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill, and for raising, on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, Vot. 55.

a Sum of Money for those Purposes, and for explaining and amending the said Acts:

An Act for enlarging the Powers of so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth, as relates to the Road from Perth to Cupar, or the Neighbourhood thereof, towards Glamnis, as far as the Confines of the said County s

An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty V Reign, intituled,

" An Act for making and repairing certain Roads ill " the County of Aberdeen," and for the more effectually amending, widening, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, and other Roads in the said County, and fqr levying a Conversion Money in lieu of the Statute Labour, and otherwise regulating the making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said County:

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from, or from near, ffightpill Gate, on the Road leading from Bath to Dudbridge, in the Parish of Rodborough, to join the Turnpike Road from Painfito Cheltenham, at, or near to, Birdlip, in the Parishes of Brimpsfield and Cowley, or One or them, all in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for (hutting up and discontinuing certain Roads and Footpaths leading through the Grounds of Sir Richard Brooke, Baronet, in the Townships of Norton and Halton, in the Parish of Runcorn, and County Palatine of Chester, and for making and maintaining ether Roads instead thereof:

An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Ad£s, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Chapel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Newhaven, and from the Four Lane Ends, near Oaker-thorpe, to Ashbmcrne, and from the Cross Poll on Wirkf-worth Moor, to join the Road leading from Chesterfield to Chapel-en-le-Frith, at or near Longfion, in the County of Derby, and from Selfton to in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the Road from a Place called The Stone Pillar, or CroJ's Hand, in the Parish of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, to, or near to, a Bridge called Knox Bridge, in the Parish of in the County of Gloucester, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said Counties of Halts and Gloucester:

An Act for enabling Trullees to enfranchise Copyhold Messuages or Tenements in the Manor of in the County of Sussex, and to grant Leases of certain other Tenements within the said Manor, devised by the Will of the late Charles Scrafe, Esquire, deceased:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Shalbourn, in the Counties of Wilts and Berks:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of East Poringland, Wfi Poringland, Framingham Earl, Framingham Pigot, Bixlcy, Armeringhall, Stoke Holy Cross, and Caifier Saint Edmund, in the County of Norfolk; and for making a Compensation for the Tythes arising in the said Parishes of Eafi Poringland, Framingham Earl, and Bixley:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Carrs, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Wrawby-cum-Brigg, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Fen Grounds, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Brooke, in the County of Norfolk:

An

5 96 io"Man. 1806.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Horsford,&c. mon Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, the Half Year or Shack Lands, Warrens, Commons, In Jure BlU and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Newton Bromf- Heaths, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, with-hold, in the County of Northampton y and also, such of in the Parishes of , Horfl'.am Saint , and the Open Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within Hamlet of Newton Saint , in the County of Nor-'

the Parish of Higlurn Ferrers, in the said County of folk, was read the Third Time.

Northampton, as are called or knowm by the Names of Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

The Biifeottsand No Mans Leys:

An Act for dividieg, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of Barholm, in the County of Lincoln:

An A if for dividing, inclosing, and improying, the several Open Arable Fields, lugs, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Saint John Hertford, and the Liberty of don, in the Parish of All Saints Hertford, in the County of Hertford.

K:ng Answrr The Master of the Rolls reported. That, pursuant to be h Houii !^ ^ie Order of Wednesday last, Mr. Secretary at War, the Lord Haz vkelbwy, Mr. Douglas, and himself, attended His Majesty, Yesterday, at His Palace of Saint James, with the Lord Steward of the Household and the Lord Chamberlain of the Household, from the Lords, to present the Resolutions and Addresses agreed upon by both Houses, respecting an Union of Great Britain and Ireland, which His Majesty received very graciously; and that His Majesty was pleased to say, that He would, without Delay, communicate the same to His Parliament of Ireland.

PenrynWrit. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Thomas Wallace, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, with a Salary annexed to the said Office.

Whitford In- A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com-con'mhfed.' mcm Lands and Marshes, in the Parish of Whitford, in the County of Flint, and for fencing the said Marshes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Williams, Mr. Sewell,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Hicks's Eftite The Marquis of Wore if er reported from the Com-fi.il, reported, mittee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, in-an pale . tituled. An Act for vesting certain detached Parts of the Eftafcas devised by the Will of Michael Hicks, Esquire, in the Counties of Essex, Norfolk, Suffolk, and,

and in London, in Trustees, for carrying into Execution certain Agreements for Sale of Parts thereof, and to fell the other Parts thereof, and to apply the Money arising from such Sales in the Purchase of other Estates in the said County of G/cucester, to be fettied to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment y and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Marquis of Worcester do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Half Year or Shack Lands, Warrens, Commons, Heaths, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Horsford, Horsham Saint Faith's, and Hamlet of Newton Saint Faith's, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Buxton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lords Amend. Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, men's toDLc°. *

r 7 ' 1 t nimfter Road *

An Act for more elleClually repairing,' widening, al- Rill, agreed tering, and improving, the Roads therein mentioned, l0 leading from the Town of Leominster, in the County of Hereford.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth j viz.

Pr. 4. 1.29. After " Bateman," insert " in the " Kingdom of Ireland."

Pr. 64. 1. 37. Leave out from " applied," to " and " in Press 68. Line 35. and insert , Clauses (A.) (B.) and (C.)

Clause (A.) " And be it further Enacted, That if

" any Money shall be agreed or " awarded to be paid for any Landsj " Tenements, or Hereditaments,

" purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act for " the Purposes thereof, which shall " belong to any Corporation, Feme " Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as herein.

" particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall.

" amount to the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, with all convenient " Speed be paid into the Bank of u England.in the Name and with.

o #

" the Privity of the Accountant " General of the High Court of " Chancery, to be placed to his " Account ex parte the Trustees " for executing this Act, to the In- tent that such Money shall be " applied under the Direction and " with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be " preferred in a summary Way, by " the Person or Persons who would " have been entitled to the Rents " and Profits of the said Lands,

" Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or " Discharge of any Debt or Debts,

" or such other Incumbrance, or " Part thereof, as the said Court " shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Lands, Tenements,

" or Hereditaments, or affecting u other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditameats, standing settled " therewith, to the same or the " like Uses, Intents, or Purposes,

" or, where such Money shall not " be so applied, then the same shall " be laid out and invested, under " the like Direction and Approba-

" tion

40 Geo.

Clause {B.)

Vol. 55.

HI.

30° Mali.

597

tf

4C

(C

tion of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as, at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and " until the said Bank Annuities n shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual " Produce of the said Consolidated " or Reduced Bank Annuities shall " from Time to Time be paid, by " Order of the said Court, to the " Person or Persons who would " for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and " Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such " Purchase or Settlement were " made."

" Provided always, and be it further " Enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbcfore directed, or otherwise the " same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees to be no-

minated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, biajr be applied ill any Mannfer hereinbefore directed, so far as the same be applicable, without obtaining^ or being required to obtain, the Direct- tion or Approbation of the Court " of Chancery."

Claxtse (C.) " Provided also, and be it further Enabled, That where such Money " so agreed or awarded to be paid " as next before mentioned, shall " be less than Twenty Pounds, then " and in all such Cases the same " shall be applied to the Use of the " Person or Persons who would for " the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of " the Hereditaments so purchased, " taken, or used for the Purposes " of this Act, in such Manner as " the said Trustees, or any Five " or more of them, shall think fit; " or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, " then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or " Committees, to and for the Ule " and Benefit of such Person or " Persons so entitled respectively." The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. William Taylor do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Hundred House Road Bill, prcl'ented.

Mr. Wigley presented to the House, according to Or-

der, a Bill for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from The Hundred House, in the County of Wt>rcester, and also several other Roads therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr, Wigley presented to the House, according to Or- Kidderminftet

der, a Bill for continuing the Term', and altering and en- ko lis larging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Severiteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Market House, in the Town of Kidderminster, in the County of , and several

other Roads therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second '1‘ime.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-, sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Kjrig George the Second, and in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,- for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town o{Bewdl?y;\t\ the County of Worcfier, to the several Places therein mentioned in.

the Counties of Worcester and Salop respectively, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir William Pu/teney, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham-, ber.

7 N Mr.

Bewdley Road Bill, commfU ted.

Bank Bundlings Bill, re. ported.

The Lords ha?e passed

Sir Clement Cottrell Dormer's Estate Bill.

Bill read.

RamfgateHar-bour Account, presented.

Account of Shipping, presented.

Lincoln Heath

and Pe'<-Thorough Rok-is Bill, reported.

598 30 0 Mati.A. 180c.

Mr. Samuel Thornton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to empower the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to purchase certain hjoufes and Ground contiguous to the Bank of England; and to enable them to improve certain Avenues adjacent thereto, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Confederation upon this Day Sevennight.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Sir Clement Cottrell,

which were devised by the Will of William Philipps , Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, and for other Purposes; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Pritz/er (Secretary to the Trustees of Ramsgate Harbour) attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

The Annual Account of the Harbour of Ramsgate Trull, commencing 24th June 1798, and ending 24th June 1799.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

‘ "The House being informed that Mr. Sentance (from the Commissioners of the Customs) attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys employed in . navigating the same (including their repeated Voyages) which entered Inwards and cleared Outwards in the several Ports of Great , from or

To all Parts of the World, between the cth of January ‘ >789 and the cgtXxoi January I^00 > — distinguishing each

Year; and distinguishing British from Foreign Vessels, — and the-; Countries from whence the said Vessels arrived, or to which they were bound.

And then be withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Gilbert Heathcote reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Sixteenth Year of the *

Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Eall Side of Lincoln Heath to the City of Peterborough; and from the Eall End of Mar ham Lane to the Town of Walton, in the County of Northampton; and from the Town of Bourn to the Town of Coljlerworth; and from Donmngton High Bridge to the Cross Poll in the Parish of Hacconby; and from the Eall End of a Lane, called Hale Drove, to and through the Town of Old Sleaford, to the End of Long Hedge, in

the Parish of Quarrington, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, -and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Gilbert Heathcote reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Spalding High Bridge through Littleworth, and by Frognall, and over James Deeping Stone Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Maxey Outgang, in the County of Northampton, adjoining to the High Road there, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrossed.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the South End of the Moor Lane, in the Township of Great Bolton, into the Turnpike Road from Manchester to Wigan, near West-houghton Chapel, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Watle Lands, in the Manors and Town-Chips of Hale and Halezvood, in the Parish of Childzvall,

in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanley, Mr. B/ackburne of Lancajkire, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the -Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered,

Spslciiftjff Roads Bill reported *

Great Bolton Road Billy reported.

Hale, &c. Inclosure Bill committed *

40 Geo. III. 30° Matt. 599

Bin respecting Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second stan" am- of the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, passed

suited. in the First Year of King James the First, as prohibits the Use of Horse, Hides in making Boots and Shoes; and for better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the flaying thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jones, Mr. Gascoyne, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Irith Hirbour Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third £>!),(&£ Reading of the Bill ( now ingrossed) for enabling the Barons

of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland to advance to the Lord Provost and Magistrates of the City of,

for the Purpose of completing the Improvements of the Harbour of Leith, acertainSum, being Part of the Money

which, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, was directed to be paid into the said Court of Exchequer by the Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enabling the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland to advance to the Lord Provost and Magistrates of the City of , for the Purpose of

completing the Improvements of the Harbour of acertainSum, being Part of the Money which, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, was directed to be paid into the said Court of Exchequer by the Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation.

Ordered, That Mr. William Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

cXmittwTon Lord Granville Leveson Gower reported from the Com-c<rr°B appointed to considerof giving Powers to Juf-

Bridge . tices of the Peace for the more effectually repairing County Bridges, and to report the fame, together with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, and who were instructed to consider of the Steps proper to be taken previous to the building of Bridges that are to be deemed County Bridges, and also to consider of empowering Justices of the Peace, in their Quarter Sessions, to alter the Situation of County Bridges, and to widen and enlarge the fame, and the Roads at the Ends thereof, and who were likewise instructed to consider of empowering Justices to direct Actions to be brought, in the Name of the Clerk of the Peace, for Damages done to County Bridges, County Gaols, Bridewells, and other County Works; That the Committee had considered the Matters to them referred, and had come to several Resolutions, Which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Powers given by the different Statutes now in Force, relative to the Repair of County Bridges, are in some Respects defective.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, T6at the Surveyors of County Bridges, appointed by Justices of the Peace at their General Quarter Sessions, should have the same Power to get, take, and carry away, Stones, Gravel, Sand, and other Materials, for the Repair of Roads over Bridges, and the Roads for the Space of Three Hundred Feet at each of the Ends thereof, as are given to the Surveyors of Highways by virtue of an Act, pafle<# in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, making Satisfaction for the Damages done thereby, in the same Manner as is directed by the said Act.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Justices of Peace, in General Quarter Sessions, should be empowered to alter the Situation of County Vol. 55.

Bridges, and to widen and enlarge the fame, and the Roads, for the Space of Three Hundred Feet, at each of the Ends thereof, and to order their Surveyor to agree for the Recompence to be made for the Ground to be taken for those Purposes; and, if the said Surveyor cannot agree with the Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who arefeifed and possessed of such Ground, or if they cannot be found, or shall refuse to treat or take such Recompence as shall be offered to them respectively by such Surveyor, then the said Justices shall have Power to impannel a Jury, at the Quarter Sessions, to assess the Damages to be given, and Recompence to be made to the Owners and others interested in the said Grounds, in the Manner directed by the said Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in respect to the widening of Highways; and, if the Jury Hull give a Verdict for more Money than was offered by the said Surveyor, the Costs of the Proceedings to be paid by the said Surveyor, but, if the Jury shall give a Verdict for no more, or for less, than was offered by the Surveyor, then the Costs to be paid by the Person or Body Corporate who refused to accept the Satisfaction so offered to him; and that, on Payment or Tender of the Money so to be awarded, on leaving it in the Hands of the Clerk of the Peace, if the Party entitled to receive it cannot be found, or shall refuse to accept it, the Interest of such Person shall be diverted out of him, saving, nevertheless, to the Owner of the Ground all Mines and Minerals which may be got without breaking the Ground, and all Timber and Wood growing on such Ground.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that Provision should be made for compelling such Surveyors to account for such Monies as may be received and disbursed by them, and for inflicting Penalties in the same of Neglect of Duty.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Expence of Allowances to be made to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Bragge, Mr. Secretary at War, &c.: And they are to meet upon-Thursday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, desirous of forming a new Company, to be incorporated and called, " The London Company for the Manufacture " of Flour, Meal, and Bread;" was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, and others, are desirous of forming a new Company for the Manufacture of Flour, Meal, and Bread, at reasonable Prices, and for the more regular Supply of the Metropolis and its Neighbourhood, to be called, ' The " Loiidon Company for the Manufacture of Flour, Meal, " and Bread," which the Petitioners conceive will be of great Public Utility; and that, for this Purpose, the Petitioners and the other Persons desirous of forming the said intended Company propose to raise, by Subscription, a Capital of One Hundred and Twenty Thousand Pounds, to consist of Four Thousand Eight Hundred Shares, whereof no One Person shall hold more than Forty, of Twenty-five Pounds each, to be paid by such Proportions, at such Times, and in such Manner, as shall be found necessary for the Purposes of the said Undertaking, with Power to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Thirty Thousand Pounds, or to increase the said Capital to that Amount; and it is proposed, that the Proprietors of the said Concern shall never receive a larger Profit therefrom, than to the Amount of Ten Pounds per Cent, on the said

Committee appointed to prepare Estimate of Allowances to Militia Of ficenu

Petition for Leave to present a Petition to incorporate the London Company for Manufacture of Flour, &c.

Leave given *

Petition prelected.

New Forest ilili ordered.

Adultery Bill, Committed.

600

30° Matt. i8ocl

laid Subscriptions; and that, for these Purposes, as well as to the End that the said Subscribers may be exempted from becoming individually liable for any Demands upon the said Company, which would deter many Persons from engaging the rein, the Petitioners and the said other Persons are desirous of being incorporated, and also to have Power of electing Managers, and of making Bye Laws for their Government, in order to prevent the many Inconveniencies that would otherwise arise from the Affairs of the said Company being in the Hands of lo large a Body of Proprietors; and the Petitioners and the said other Persons are desirous, that the said Concern shall be subjected to such other Restrictions, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet; and that the Petitioners and others have already engaged to enter into Subscriptions pursuant to the Terms of the Proposal before stated, to the Amount of £.20,000. and upwards; and that the Plan now proposed by the Petitioners having been suggested to them from the very High Price of Bread Corn, which has lately taken place, the Petitioners have not been able to complete the Scheme of the said intended Undertaking within the Time limited by the House for receiving Petitions for Private Bills: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to exhibit a Petition for Leave to bring in a Bill to incorporate the Petitioners and others, and their Successors, as a Public Company, for the Manufacture of Flour, Meal, and Bread, at reasonable Prices, and for the more regular Supply of the Metropolis, to be called " The London Company for the Manufacture of Flour, Meal, and Bread," in such Manner, and under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired.

Then a Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, desirous of forming a new Company, to be incorporated, and called " The London Company for the Manufacture of Flour, Meal, and Bread," was presented to the House, and read 5 Containing the same Allegations as the last preceding Petition; and praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to incorporate the Petitioners and others, and their Successors, as a Public Company, for the Manufacture of Flour, Meal, and Bread, at reasonable Prices, and for the more regular Supply of the Metropolis, to be called " The London Company for the Manufacture of Flour, Meal, and " Bread," in such Manner, and under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. the Lord Hawkef-

bury, &c.: And they are to meet upon Morn-

ing next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of King the Third, intituled, "An Act for the Increase and " Preservation of Timber, in the New Forest, in the " County of Southampton," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better Preservation of Timber in the New , in the County of Southampton, and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands of the Crown within the same: And that Sir William Heathcote and Mr. Chute do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled.

An Act for the Punishment, and more effectual prevention, of the Crime of Adultery, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 9th Day of June next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third RiUtounma

Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for the better after-taining and collecting the Duties granted by several Acts, income,5 °° passed in the last Session of Parliament, relating to- the Duties on Income; and to explain and amend the- said Acts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to tire Bill, by Way of Ryder For empowering the Commissioners to put Questions in Writing to the Party to be charged, and require Answers thereto.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and amended.

And then the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, For extending the Provisions of former Acts to this Act, and of this Act to the former Acts.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon he Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause.was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, Declaring that a Rate for building Churches or Chapels shall not be added to Pa- rcchial Rates for computing Income of Occupiers of

Lands.

And the said Clause was read the First Time.

And the Question being put. That the find Clause be read a Second Time;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 2. 1. 6. After " Income" to insert " except in the Cafes where the same Person " shall ,bc engaged in different " Concerns of Trade or Manufacture in Partnership, or separately, " in divers Places."

1.12. At the End of the Line after " Commissioners" to insert " except as v " aforesaid."

Pr. 4. I. 22. After u on" to insert " notwithstanding the same Person may be engaged in distinct Partnership c Concerns;" and after, " if" to

I.32.

insert "any'

Pr.

1. 29. I.32.

After " Partners" to insert " in any " such Partnership."

After " of " to insert " any."

After " aforesaid" to insert or from " such Lands or Tenements occupied for the Purpose of such " Trade or Manufacture."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Another Amendment being proposed to be made to the Bill, in Pr. 15. I. 11. by leaving out the Word " if" and inserting the Words 0 or on an Average of the " Three successive Years ending the 29th Day of tembsr of the Year immediately preceding the Date

M of

C confident ion C'f X-ords -Aiiicndnjcnts

40 Geo. III. 300 Maii. 601

" of the existing Lease, Central, or Agreement, by " virtue of which such Lands are held or occupied, " provided such Lease, Contract, or Agreement, bears " Date of its Commencement within Fifteen Years " previous to the passing of this Act, and provided the " laid Parochial and other Rates and Assessments are," indead thereof. . %

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by inserting after the Word " Aft" the Words " or in case the Date of the Commencement of " the said Lease shall go beyond Fifteen Years from the passing of this Act, then to an Average of any Three successive Years within the said Period of Fifteen "Years."'

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

The Amendments following were also severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 24.

Pr.

2 S'

1. 29.

1. 6.

To leave out from " Persons" to the End of 1. 35.

After " increated" to insert " unless

I.

Pr. 26. 1.

23-

18.

Af.

Af-

Pr. 29. I.34.

Pr- 33- 1- 39'

I.40.

such Person or Persons shall " make it. appear that the Omission complained of did not " proceed from any Fraud, Covin. Art, or Contrivance whatever, or any grols or wilful " Neglect."

After " Surveyors" to insert " fessors and Collectors."

After " Surveyors" to insert " selfors and Collectors of Taxes." To leave out from " Commissioners," to " and" in Pr. 30.1. 24.

To leave out " Division or Divi-, " fions" and insert " Part" instead thereof.

To leave out " or," and after " Riding" to insert " or Division " as last aforesaid."

Pr. 40, I.35. After " Person" to insert " or Per-

" Ions j" and after " been" to insert " or shall be."

To leave out " or," and afterkc her" to insert "or their."

After " shall" to insert " have been or shall."

After " Person" to insert " or Persons."

After " Person" to insert " or Persons."

After " Person" to, insert 1" or Persons."

After " such" to insert "Person or." After " Person" to insert " or Persons ;" and after " has" to insert " or have."

After " Person" to insert " or Persons."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the betterascertaining and collcding the Duties granted by several Acts, passed in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the Duties on Income; and to explain and amend the said Acts.

Crd.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

1-37-

I.3S.

Pr.

41.

1.

2.

1. 4.

1. 10.

t 24-1. 29.

1- 34-

aered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Connderation the Amendments, made by the Lords, to \ o l. 33 *

t

the Bill, intituled, An Act for suspending, until the to ii p Difies First Day of January One thousand Eight hundred anil One, the Duties on Hops imported into Great Britain, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as ful-loweth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1.34. Leave out "First" and insert "Tenth;" and, in the same Line, leave out " January" and insert " »

« her."

l-35>

and

36.

In the Title of the Bill.

1. 1. Leave out "First" and insert "Tenth."

1. 2. Leave out " January and insert "

" tember"

1. 3. Leave out " and One."

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Amendments be adjourned to this Day Three Months.

Resolved, That this Housewill, at the Rising of the House ref.Jvm House this Day, adjourn till ThursdayMorning next. ThmfJay"10

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Commits on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, un-

to consider of the Petition of the Persons, whole Names. 0fLl», Stc. are there-undersigned, being Members of a Committee defareJ. appointed by the Subscribers to a Fund for the Relief of the industrious Inhabitants of the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Soutine ark, and the

adjacent Parishes, from the Distress occasioned by the High Price of the Neceftaries of Life, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Friday Morning " next," and inserting the Words " this Day Three " Months" instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words " Friday Morning next" Hand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That this House wiil, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming Further Pro-the adjourned Proceeding upon the Report from the ceeding upon Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for p'!^'Ac-more effectually charging Public Accountants with the coumanw Bill. Payment of Interest, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the said adjourned Proceeding.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. Bill re-com.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a inlltcJ-. Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Floule, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said confuiereJ. Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Manning took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Manning reported from she Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

7 O,

Leave out " and One."

repeated.

Petition of Merchants, &c. against i-<»ndon Carts Bill.

602 30° Mail. A. 1800.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Manningaccordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,' with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon ThurJ'day Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders of London, and its Vicinity, Owners of Carts for carrying on their own Trade, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was pretented to the House, and readj Taking Notice of the Bill for extending the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Eighteenth and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to prevent the Misbehaviour of the Drivers of Carts in the Streets in London, Westminster, and the Limits of the Weekly

Bills of Mortality; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners conceive such Bill is unnec^flary, and if it should pals into a Law, will be highly injurious to the Petitioners: First, Inasmuch as the Petitioners are already fub-ject to the Laws in Force for the Regulation of all Waggons, Carts, and other Carriages (not working for Hire), and these Laws have been hitherto found fully sufficient for the due Regulation of the Petitioners Carts and Waggons, and for the Correction of any Misconduct in the Drivers thereof in the City of London and its Liberties: Secondly, That Rules, Orders, and Ordinances, necellarvfor fixing the Distances, Charges, and Labour of Hired Carmen, Hackney Coachmen, and Watermen, and for regulating their Stands, Plying Places, Modes of Proceeding, and Conduit, cannot be necessary or proper for the Controul or Government of Persons keeping their own-Carts, used by them for the Purpose of expediting their own Business only, and not Handing in the Streets for Hire, any more than such Rules, Orders, and Ordinances, would be proper for, and applicable to, Persons keeping their own Coaches, or other Carriages, or Pleasure Boats: Thirdly, That the said Bill is (as the Petitioners have been informed) brought into the House at the Instance of a Body of interested Persons, called Fellowship Carmen, whose Business is working for Hire, and who are inimical to such Persons as keep Carts for the Conduct of their own Business, and aredefirous that the Petitioners should be put under Restraints, and be thereby deterred from keeping their own Carts and Waggons, which, the Petitioners are convinced, would be highly prejudicial to the Commerce of this City, the Petitioners being warranted in asserting, that the great Extension of the Trade of London has arilen from the Facility1 and easy Expence at which the Traders of London have been able to serve the Public, by the free Use of their own Carts and Waggons: Fourthly, That the Petitioners have not heard, nor do believe, that any such great Confusion,' Inconveniencies, and Injuries, as are mentioned in the said Bill to be occasioned by their Carts,- Waggons, or Drivers, do exist, but, on the contrary, the Petitioners originally let up their own Carts on Account of the Impossibility of carrying on their Business without them; and the Petitioners are fully convinced, that the Freedom with which Private Carts and Waggons are permitted to work contributes greatly to the well and speedy Clearing of the Wharfs and Warehouses, where Goods are landed and deposited; and the Petitioners apprehend, that, were they to be subjected to the Rules, Orders, and Ordinances, made for Licensed or Hackney Carmen, amongst other Inconveniencies, they would probably be limited to the carrying of only Twenty-five Hundred Weight at One Load, whereas, by Means

of well constructed and safe Waggons, substantial Carts, and strong Horles, Four Times that Quantity may be carried with the most perfect Safety, greatly to the Advantage of the Public, and of Trade in general, by the more expeditiously clearing the incumbeted Warehouses and Wharfs, and by diminidiing the Number of Cart Horses kept in London, whereby the Consumption of Corn, Hay, and Straw, is considerably lessened, an Object of Importance in these Times of Scarcity; and the Petitioners beg Leave to represent to the House, that, if this Bill should pass into a Law, and the Petitioners should thereby be restrained in the Management of their own Carts, Waggons, &c. by the same Rules, Orders, and Ordinances, as Hackney Carmen are subjected to, it will be totally impossible for the present great Trade of London to be carried on, without incalculable Disadvantages, arising from increased Expences, Loss of Time, and other Inconveniencies-. And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Wit — nelfes, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whgm the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. John Fane do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of church, in the County of Oxford, was committed.

Mr. John Fane accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found th'e same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Land assessed to the Land Tax, at £.4. 9 . 4 per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Land assessed at 4. x 1 r. 11 d. per Annum, who declared themselves neuter; and thac the Whole of the Lands to be divided and inclosed is assessed to the Land Tax at £. 207. 13 s. 3d.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Pierrepcnt reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadow, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Ordfall, in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except One Proprietor, whose Ellate is assessed to the Land Tax at

Whitchurch Inclosure Bill, reported *

Oi\!fall Inclosure BiH, reported.

40 Geo. III.

30° Mail,

603

7 s.3 Id. per Annum f who refused to sign the Bill; and Sums of Money have been expended; and that the Pe-also, except One other Proprietor of Land, wllofe Estate is titioner is also the Owner of a large Estate there; and assessed to the Land Tax at £.12. is. 2 \d.who was that the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will materially

neuter; and that the whole Property belonging to Per- injure the Petitioner's Property at aforesaid,

fons interested in the Inclosure is afiefled to the Land dnd will be attended with great Loss and Inconvenience

Neman's Moor I ncloin re Bill, tc polled.

1 great

to him: And therefore praying. That he may be heard, by his Counsel, against the Provisions of the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now Hands.

That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabic, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account of all Ships and Vessels, with the Number of Slaves imported therein, which have arrived in the West India Islands, from the Coast of Africa, from the 5-th of January 1795 to the 5th of January 1800, as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Island, and each Year; as also Hating the Number of Slaves that have been exported from the said British West India within the North Riding of the County of York, was Islands, during the said Period", distinguishing each Island committed. and each Year.

Mr. Henry Lafeellesaccordingly reported from the said

Committee, That the Committee had examined, and Ordered, That Mr. John Fane do make the Report found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, alto Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that lotting, and inclosing, the Common Lands, in the Pa-

Tax at f. 75. 6s. 6 id.) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to Teport to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be. ingrafted.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lafeelles do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing Noman's Moor, otherwise Norman s Moor,

Account of Slave Ships &c. ordued.

Yfceifing, frc. Inclosme Bill, reported.

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in fit the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

fifties of Yfceifing and Nannerch, in the County of Flint, and in the Manor of Penbedzv, in the said Parish of Nannerch, in the County of Denbigh, was committed.

Mr. John Fane accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates afiefled to the Land Tax at ^.3. 16 per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Estates belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at £.93. 10 per Annum', and that no Person appeared

Ingtnirch-worth Inclo-hire Bil^coai-jxuued.

that no Person appeared before the A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com- Committee to oppose the7 Bill); and that the Committee mons. Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Township had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-of Ingburchworth, in the Parish of Penistone, in the West ments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported Riding of the County of York, was read a Second, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lafeelles, Mr. Wi/berforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,- at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

T^ufton, &< Drainage Bill, tlc&rrcd *

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, m at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. 1 „

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second . ingrossed.

Reading of the Bill for draining, embanking, and pre-

serving, certain Tracis of Low Lands, within the several Parishes, Townships, or Places of

West Flotmanby, Folkton, Flixt on, Staxlon, Wilier by.

ton, Ganton, Potter Brampton, East West

Hejlerton, Yeddinghcm, Krnpton, Scampfton,

Rillington, Scagglethorpe, Setterington, and Norton, in the East Riding of the Countof Yoik, and within the

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing.

Commons and Waste Lands, in the several

certain Manors of

Wcrtlren Tn-closure and

rrr . Drainage Bill,

AJton Pigot, // or then, and Aston Rogers, in the Parish or commuted. Wort hen, in the County of Salop, and for Heightening, widening, and deepening, a certain Rivulet or Brook called The Rea, commencing at or near a certain Piece '

of Water called Marion Pool, on the Confines of the several Parishes, Townships, or Places, of Old Malton, Parish of and extending through the said Pa-

Pickering, Thornton, Allerfton, Ebberston, Yeddingham Ab- rith of Worthen, to a Bridge across the said River, called bey, Suaintcn, Brompton, Ruftott, Wykeham, Hutton Bushell, on the Confines of the Parish of Wtft Ay ton, East Ayton, Irton, Seamer, Cay ton, Lebberftone, in the said County, and sundry Streams or Brooks Grifthorpe, Hackness, and Scalby, in the North Riding of emptying themselves thereinto, was read a Second the said County, be now read. Time.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Bragge, Sir Richard Hill,: And they are to meet

Petition of Sir K1 chard Bempiie John-Itnne aguinlt

V° Bill.

upon Thursday Morning next.

A Petition of Sir Richard Bempde Johnstone, Baronet, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner is the Owner of a Mansion House, Fish Ponds, Gardens, and Pleasure Grounds, at Hackness aforesaid, in the completing and Improvement of which many large Vol. 55.

this Afternoon, at Five Chamber.

of the Clock, in the Speaker's

Mr. William Dundas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts in Wefhninfttr

Hall,

Scotch JiM^es Bill, puiemed.

F ill Irulia

( oMijuny's Revenue ^tc-

CUUlitS, Ol-du cd.

604 3.0° Mail. A. 1800.

Hall, and also of the Lords of Sc (lion, Lords Commissioners of Judiciary, and Barons of Exchequer, in Scotland, as relates to the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts of Session, Judiciary, and Exchequer, in Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

R'jolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thu rfdayMorning next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Police Taxes, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, and Stamp Duties, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and and in Benares and Oude-, distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, and the Charges of the Stamp Office, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, A Companion of the estimated and actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and OriJJa, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Police Taxes, Customs, the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, and the Stamp Duties for the Year 1798-9; and of the Charges defrayed by the said Company in the said Provinces, and in Benares and Oude, distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil. Judicial, Military, and Marine, and the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications; of collecting the Revenues and Customs; the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium; and the Charges of the Stamp Office, for the same Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account of the Annual Revenues of the Company, at the Presidency of Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in The Carnatic and Northern Circars,. under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs, Subsidies from the Nabob of from the Rajah of

Tanjore, &c. and Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by. the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in The and

Northern Circars; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges df collecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, A Companion of the estimated and actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency ot Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in The Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs, Subsidies from the Nabob of Arect, Rajah of Tanjore, &c. Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, for the Year 1798-9, and of the Charges defrayed lor the same Year by the said Company in the said Presidency and Settlements, and in The 7

and Northern Circars; distinguisliifig the same respectively under the several Heads of Civil, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and collecting the Revenues and Customs.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An, Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements iuborainate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, Customs, Farms, and Licences, &c. for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by th India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, A Co'm-parison of the estimated and actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, Customs, Farms and Licences, &c. for the Year 1798-9, and of the Charges defrayed for the same Year by the said Company in the said Presidency and Settlements, distinguishing the same respectively, under the several Heads of Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and collecting the Revenues and Customs.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by tire India Company for the Management of their Trade and Commerce in Bengal, at Madras, and at Bombay, so tar as the same can be distinguished from the Civil or other Charges respectively, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with, the latest Estimate of the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account of the Expences of the Residency of Fort Marlborough, and its Dependencies, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Amount of the Expences of the Island of Helena, and the FaClory of Canton, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Abstract Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Bengal Government, from the ift 1799 to the 30th April 1S00.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Abstract Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Madras Government, from the ift May 1799 to the 30th April 1800.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Abstract Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Bombay Government, from the 1 ft May 1799 to the 30th April 1800.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, A General Abstract of the Estimates of the Revenues and Charges of the Presidencies of Fort William Fort Saint George, and Bombay, from ift May 1799 to 30th

1800.

Ordered, That there be laid before this I louse, An Account of the Amount received at the lever.;! Presiden-cics of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, for Sales of Import Goods and Stores, and for Certificates on the Court of Diroftors, within the last Three Years respectively, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, AmounJt of the Bond and other Debts owing by the East India Company at their several Proficiencies in The East Indies, on the 30th April 1799, the Rates of interest which

Committee on King's Mcf-i'jge, respect. ing an Union with Ireland, deterred.

Committee on Accounts of Clerics Fees, deferred.

Entailed

Eiiatrs. Bill,

deferred.

Supply, deferred.

Way nd Means, deferred.

Committee on Mr. M‘ Dovr. all's Report, deferred.

40 Geo. III. 3 o° Mali. — 50 Junii.

such Debts respectively carry, and the Annual Amount of such Interest.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account of the Amount of Debts subscribed in between 30th April 1798 and 1 ft May 1799, agreeable to the Court's Orders of 25th June 1793.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Ab-straft Statement of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Bengal Government, from the ift May 1798 to 30th April 1799.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Ab-sftraft Statement of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Madras Government, from 1 1798 to 30th

April 1799.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Ab-straft Statement of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Bombay Government, from ift May 1798 to 30th April 1799.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account of the Balance of Quick Stock, exhibiting a State of the Company's Affairs, in respect to their Debts and Assets, as they flood at the several Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, and at the Residency of Fort Marlborough and Factory at Canton, at

the Conclusion of the Year 179S-9,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account of the Prime Coil of all Cargoes purchased in India, and fnipped for Europe, in the Year 1798-9; together with the Commercial Charges at each Preli-denty, not added to the Invoices.

cutors of Charles Ashivdl, deceased, and William -stone, late of the Island of Grenada, Esquire, were severally referred.

Ordered \That the ingrossed Bill to permit Blubber Custom Re-from the Greenland Fisheryand Davis's Sir eights to be *

boiled into Oil after the Arrival of the Ships from the Fishery, and for charging the Duty thereon; for altering the Convoy Duty now payable on the Importation of Opium; for repealing the Duties on the Importation of Oil of Turpentine and Tar, and charging other Duties in Jieu thereof; for exempting Burr Stones, and Stones used for the Purpose of paving, or the making or mending of Roads, from the Duties charged thereon when carried Coastwise; for obliging Masters of Ships laden with Tobacco to remove the same from their Moorings when, their Cargoes are discharged; and for extending Bonds given on licensing Ships, Vessels, or Boats, to all Cafes wherein Ships, Vessels, or Boats may be liable to Forfeiture, be read the Third Time upon Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

jfovis, 50 dieJuhii J

Anno 40° Georgii III'" Regis, 1806.

RAYERS.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of His Majesty's most Gracious Mef-lage of the 2d Day of Aprillaft, communicating to this House the Resolutions of the Lords and Commons of Ireland respecting an Union between the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, with their Address to His Majesty thereupon;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Accounts of the Net Produce of the Fees and Emoluments of the Clerk and Clerk Assistant attending the House of Commons, for the last Ten Years;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Relief of Persons entitled to Entailed Estates to be purchased with Trull Monies;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill be printed, as 11)311 be sufficieirt for the Use of the Members of the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon rhis Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means forraif-ing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-nigln, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom Ibe Petition of William

M Dozvall, Esquire, and also, the Petition of the Exe-

V OL. 55.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act child' E<ht& for investing Part of the Personal Estate of Robert Bill, wmmit-Child, Esquire, deceased, in the Purchase of an Estate, * situate near OJlerley Park, in the County of Middlesex, to be settled upon the Trulls, and for the Purposes, therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Rifohed, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Strutt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing Noman's Noman'sMoor Moor, otherwise Norman's Moor, within the North Rid- inclosureBiii; ing of the County of York, was read the Third Time. ed Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing Noman's Moor, otherwise Norman's Moor, within the North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Will erf or ce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

a

A Petition of the Wardens and Commonalty of the petition rfthe Mystery of Grocers of the City of London, was presented Grocer Com-to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to JiuiW-empower the Governor and Company of the Bank of ings Bill. England to purchase certain Houses and Ground contiguous to the Bank of England,1 and to enable them to improve certain Avenues adjacent thereto; and Setting forth, That Part of the Ground which the said Bill is to empower the said Governor and Company to purchase, is the Estate and Property of the Petitioners, and immediately connected with, and constituting a Part of the Plot of Ground attached to their Mansion House, or Hall, commonly called Grocers; and that the ancient Mansion House, or Flail, belonging to the Petitioners, having fallen into Decay, and become so ruinous as to be necessarily pulled down, the Petitioners have been obliged, at a very great Expence, to erect a new Mansion House, or Flail, which is now marly finished; and that such new Mansion House, or Hall, hath been constructed, and the Whole of the Buildings erected, in such Manner as to make the same suitable, convenient, and adapted to the whole Plot or Scitc of Ground belonging to the Petitioners; and that, previous to the said Bill being presented, a Negociation took place between the said Governor and Company and the Petitioners, respecting the Plans of the said Go- *

7 P vernef

60 6 50 Junii. 1800.

Sir Clement Cottrell Dor-ma's E It ate Bill, committed.

Lancaster Canal Bill, reported.

New Sarum-Gaol Bill, reported.

vernor and Company, for enlarging the Bank of England, and improving the Avenues adjacent thereto, Part of the Plot of Ground of the Petitioners being deemed, by the said Governor and Company necessary for the Purpose of the said Plans; and that, though it will be highly injurious and detrimental to the Petitioners, and their said Estate and Property, to dispose of any Part of their said Plot of Ground, yet the Petitioners, actuated by a Desire to contribute, as far as possible, to the Accommodation of the Bank of England, and the Convenience of the Public, did actually come to an Agreement with the said Governor and Company in the Premises, and for yielding up to them a certain Portion of the said Plot of Ground, and such Agreement was arranged, settled, and specified, upon a Plan or Drawing, made for that Purpose, and signed by John Ef-

quire, Architect to the said Governor and Company, and by Thomas Leverton, Esquire, the Architc<5l for the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners are willing that the said Agreement should be carried into Execution, but the said Bill, as it now stands, is calculated to carry into Execution a Plan very different from that so agreed upon as aforesaid, and which will most essentially injure the Petitioners said Estate: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against such Parts of the said Bill as may be prejudicial to their Property, Rights, and Interests, or otherwise affect the fame, and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law as it now stands, but may be made effectual for carrying into Execution the said Agreement between them and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further Confederation.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Sir Clement Cottrell Dormer, which were devised by the Will of William Philipps Lee, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, Mr. Charles Yorke, &c.: And they are to ' meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Lancaster Canal Navigation to complete the same, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates in the County of was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Bouverieof New Sarum reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Removal and Re-building the Council Chamber, Guild-

" hall, and Gaol, of the City of New Sarum, and for ascertaining the Tolls of the Market, and regulating the " Chairmen, within the said City," as requires the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of Sarum to build a new Gaol within the said City, or the Suburbs or Pre-cindts thereof, and for authorizing the Commitment of Felons and other Persons within the Limits of the said City, and the Close thereof, to the Gaol of the County of Wilts , and for explaining and amending the said Act, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrossed.

Mr. AJlley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish jof Sprow-ston, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with, according to the Leave granted by the House on the 5th Day of March l ift; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; arid he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally putrthereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of South Hykeham, in the County of Linco'n, and for making Compensation to the Rector of South Hykeham aforesaid, in lieu of the Tythes of all the Tythe-able Lands within the same Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Simon Yorke, Mr. Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, _ the Roads leading from the Market House, in the Town of Kidderminster, in the County of Wor refer, and

several other Roads therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.,^,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. I Yip ley, Mr. Baker, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from The Hundred House, in the County of and also several other Roads therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wigley, Mr. Nicholls, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at F'iv? of the.Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

General

S prow lion Tn-clolttrr Bill, reported.

Sooth Hyke- 1 ham Inclosure Bill, committed.

Kiihjei minster Roads H'li, committed.

HunrlrM Ilo ilt Ro t4<t Bui, comtkiit- ted. '

Connington Inclosure Bill, pi dented.

s

Guilden Mor-«Wn Inc loin re Bill, committed.

Flsworth Tr-cloiure Bill, committed.

Wood's Estate Bill, reported, and passed.

Spalding Roads Bill, passed.

Lincoln Heath and Peterborough Roads Biii, passed.

40 Geo. III. 50 Junii. 007

General Adeane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Connington, in the County of Cambridge: And the same was received } and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Guilden Morden, in the county of,

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General A deans, Mr. Charles Yorke, c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of , in

the County of Cambridge, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Adeane, Mr. Charles Yorke, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir William Mordaunt Milner reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Richard Wood, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monii s in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, and for other Purposes, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee} and that the Committee bad directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William, Mordaunt Milner do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossld Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Spalding High Bridge through and by Frognall, and over James Deeping Stone Bridge, in

the County of Lincoln, to Max Outgang, in the County of Northampton, adjoining to the High Road there, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, palfed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Spalding High Bridge through Little-worthand by Frognall, and over James Deeping Stone Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Maxey Outgang, in the County of Northampton, adjoining to the High Road there.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Heathcote do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And ingrafted Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Von. 55-

King George the Second, and the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the East Side of Lincoln Heath to the City of Peterborough; and from the East End of Marham Lane to the Town of Walton, in the County of Northampton; and from the Town of Bourn to the Town of Colfi er worth; and from High

Bridge to the Cross Poll in the Parish of Haccotiby, and from the East End of a Lane, called Hale Drove, to and through the Town of Old Sleaford, to the End of Dong Hedge, in the Parish of Quarriin the County of

Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East Side of Lincoln Heath to the City of Peterborough, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Northampton and Lincoln.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Heathcote do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Gore Langton reported from the Committee, to wham the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the Town of War in the County of Wilts, to a Place where the Roads to Bath and Bristol divide, and from the Town of Frame to the Town of Beckington, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Rill}

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Howard do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, repairing, and widening, the Roads leading from the Ryeway, in the Parish of in the County of Hereford, to Prejleigne, in the County of , and

several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County of Radnor, and in the Counties of Hereford and Salop, was committed.

Mr. Howard accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, anti found the same to be true} and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That General Adeane do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the fcve-

ral

Warminster Roads Bill, repotted, anil re-commitied.

Y;m>ole and Presteigne, &c. Road Bill, reported.

Bedford Level (Fourth District) Drainage Petition, reported.

o8

tJ <Y *

5 Junn.

A. 1800.

ral Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of certain Lands and Grounds, lying within the Fourth District of the North Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level., was referred.

General Adeatte accordingly reported from the said

Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Drainage Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for discharging the Corporation of the Governor, " Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level'of the Fens, commonly " called Bedford Level, from a Debt due to the Duke " of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln, and for enabling the " Proprietors of Lands in the North Level, Part of the " said Great Level, to raile Money to discharge the " Proportion of the said North Level in the Debts of " the said Corporation, and for ascertaining and appropriating the Taxes to be laid on the said North " Level, and for the more effectual draining and prelerv-' " ing the said North Level, and divers Lands adjoining " thereto, in the Manor of was read: And,

Mr. Thomas Steed Watson, being examined, said, That the several Lands and Grounds intended to be drained under the Powers and Authorities of the said Act, were thereby divided into Five Districts or Divisiorw, as therein mentioned and described: That the Commissioners acting for the Fourth District, mentioned in the said Act, have made several Cuts, Drains, and Outlets, and erected several Bridges, Mills, and Engines, and have done several other Works for draining and preserving the Lands and Grounds within the said District, and have charged the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands and Grounds therein with the several Rates or Taxes by the said Act authorized to be raised for the particular Works of the said Fourth District, and have applied and expended the same in and about the said Works, and have borrowed and taken up at Interest several Sums of Money,

and contrafted several Debts, on account of the particular Works of the said Fourth District, and that the said Rates and Taxes have been found insufficient to discharge the said Debts, and the Yearly Expences of maintaining and keeping in Repair the said Works: That the Lands and Grounds within the said Fourth District might be further greatly improved, if additional "Works of Drainage were made therein, and if a further Yearly Rate or Tax was laid on the said Lands and Grounds for discharging the Debts already incurred, and for making, maintaining, and preserving the several necessary Works of Drainage, within the said Fourth District: — And, the Wit nets further said, That the Powers and Authorities granted by the said Act have been found to be insufficient for the effectual Drainage and Preservation of the Lands and Grounds within the said Fourth District. - >

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill fot better draining and preserving the Lands and Grounds in the Fourth District of the North Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to the said Fourth District: And that General Adcane and Mr. Charles Yorke do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Kerry's Name Kill, read.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable JuJlinian Kerry, Esquire, and his Issue, to take

the Surname and Arms of only, pursuant to the

4

Will of JuJlinian Ekins, Esquire, deceated, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for draining, embanking, and preserving, certain Tracts of Low Lands, within the several Parishes, Townships, or Places, of Muston, East by, West Flotmanby, Folk ton, St ax ton.

Binnington, Ganton, Potter Brompton, Sherburn, East Hej-lerton. West Hefterton , Yeddingham, Wintering-ham, Scampfton, Rillington, Scagglethorpe, and

Norton, in the East Riding of the County of York, and within the several Parishes, Townships, or Places, of Old Malton, Pickering, Thornton, Yeddingham Abbey, Snainton, Brompton, Rufton, Hutton

Bushell, West Ayton, East Ay ton, Irton, Seamer, Lebberftone, Grifthorpe, HackneJ's, and Scalby, in the North

Riding of the said County, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Henry Lafcel/es, he.:And they are to meet this Afternoon. at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker' Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Petition of Sir Richard Bempde Johnstone, Baronet, which was presented to the House upon Friday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee-to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are there-under subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the Townships, Parishes, or Places, of Old Malton, Pickering, Thornton, Allerfton, Ebberston, and Yed-ingham Abbey, in the North Riding of the County of York, and in the several Townships, Parishes, or Places of Norton, Settrington, Scagglethorpe, Rillington, Scampfton, Winteringham, Knapton, and in the East Riding of the said J County: And also,

A Petition of the Person there-undersigned, being an Owner of Lands in the Township of Yedingham, in the East Riding of the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the Person there-undersigned, as Guardian to George OJbaldefton, Esquire, an Infant, the Owner of Estates in the several Parishes, Townships, or Places, of Allerfton, Ebberston, Snainton, Wykeham, Hutton Bushell, West Ayton, and Scalby, in the North Riding of the County of York-,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That the same contains divers Clauses and Provisions, which, if carrried into Effect, will be very prejudicial to the Righffi and interests of the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not be passed into a Law as it now Hands.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered,

Mutton, &c.

Drainagt Bill,

committed.

Petition of Sir Richard fieinpde John-ttone referred, and Counsel ordered.

Petitions of Owners of Estates, against D» Bill.

King's Con-lent to 1 ftoiiland In -cioluiu Bili.

Jill passed.

Btaceljorough Imlolure Bill,

i ij>wi led.

Address for Minutes of Council.

Accounts pre-It n ted.

Expence of collect ins Income Tax.

Additional O dicers under Tax Office.

40, Geo. Ilf. 50 Junii.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Count'd to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

A Motion being made, That the ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Township of land, in the Parish of Kirkburton, in the West Riding of the County of York, be now read the Third Time;

The Lord Hazvkesbury (by His Majesty's Command)

acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said' Bill, gives His Con-lent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Townlliip of 1'hurjlonland, in the Parish of in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry do 'carry the Bill

to the Lords, and dciire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert do make the Re-

port from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Pastures, Wastes, and other uninclosed Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Braceberough, in the County of , was committed.

Sir Gilbert Heathccteaccordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Sa-tisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be gracioufty pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Minutes of the Examination taken before the Lords of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, respecting the Birmingham Bread and Flour Company.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

The House being informed that Mr. Parker (from the Office for Affairs of Taxes) attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the actual and estimated Expence of collecting the Tax on Income for the Years 1799 and 1800: And also.

An Account of the Number and Salaries of Officers, under the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, proposed to be added to the Number existing on the 5th of April 1799; distinguishing Persons to be employed as Surveyors and Inspectors.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are prelcrved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

' Vol. 55.

An ingrafted Bftl from the Lord', intituled, An Act EmlofCuil-for more effectually veiling and facilitating the -raffing of glu cuamnt-a Sum of Ten Thousand Pounds, which, by the Settle- uu. nrent of the Family Estates of the Right honourable George Augltfhis Earl of Guilford, was provided for the

Portions of his Younger Children, in and for the Benefit of the Honourable Lady Maria North (the only Child of the said Earl by the Right honourable Maria Countess of Guilford, his late Wile) if Ihe shall live to attain the Age of Twenty-one Years, or to be married, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Jolliffe,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for enabling the HorncajlleNavigation Com- Honv-artle party to raise a further Sum of Money to complete the said Navigation, and for amending an Act, passed, in the tej.‘ Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Navigation, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Mr. Vyner,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Or.tei foi E.nl the 27th Day of May hill, " That Leave be given to " bring in a Bill to discharge several Estates belonging e.i, and p«ito the Right honourable William Carr Earl of ,ion'eferreff

" Lord High Constable of Scotland, from a dormant °mnU " and disputed Ciaim of the Public," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

The House was moved. That the Petition of William Carr Earl of Erro/l, Lord High Constable of Scotland, which was presented to the House upon the 26th Day of May last, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly,;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. William Dundas, Mr. Douglas, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Scotch Judge Reading of the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made Bill, commii-in the last Session of Parliament, for the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts in Jler Hall, and also of the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Judiciary, and Barons of Exchequer, in Scotland, as relates to the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts of Session, Judiciary, and Exchequer, in Scotland, be now read.

And the said'Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon 7uefday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Bill for set-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better settling of

ters an l ber-

Dil'putes between Masters and Mistresses of Families dacr and their Menial or Domestic Servants. 1

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Rc?ort of into further Consideration the Report from the Com- Public Ac-mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for more ^"hcr cut-effectually charging Public Accountants with the Pay- fuiaej.

ment of Interest, was re-committed.

7 Q Ar<J

A 1 ul‘fry B 11, dc. cued.

!«tion to limit tlit Du-m ion of Income Tax.

Neg.

Accounts to be printed.

Pipiftt Bill, p.elected.

jO.mnvure on

King s Mel-

11 jc l efjK-cIing an Union wirh Ireland, delcr-icd.

Cnrunittet on Knfailrd Elites Bill.

6io ' 50 — 6° JuniL 1800.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Claul'e was offered to be added to the Bill, Directing, that an Account shall be laid before Parliament, at the Commencement of every Session, of Public Accountants, whose Prosecutions have been suspended.

And the said Claul'e was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed toby the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then

ingiofled.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Friday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Monday next, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Punishment, and more effectual Prevention, of the Crime of Adultery, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to limit the Duration of the Tax upon Income;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas Mr' tellers for the seas,

Tellers for the Noes, B'?on>

(Mr. Manning:

So it passed in the Negative.

24.

jii4.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Accounts, which were this Day presented to the House, by Mr. Parker, from the Office for Affairs of Taxes, be

printed, as shall be suffici?nt for the Use of the Members of the House.

Sir Henry Paulet St. John Mildmay presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirty-tirft Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to relieve, upon Conditions, and under Restrictions, the Persons therein described, from certain " Penalties and Disabilities to which Papists, or Persons " professing the Popish Religion, are by Law subject And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second 'Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon WednesdayMorning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of His Majesty's most Gracious Mef-sage of the 2d Day of April last, communicating to this House the Resolutions of the Lords and Commons of Ireland respecting an Union between the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, with their Address to His Majesty thereupon;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Relief of Persons entitled to Entailed Estates to be purchased with Trust Monies.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Billjn at the Clerk's Table.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The ingrossed Bill to permit Blubber from the Greenland Fisheryand Davis's Streights to be boiled into Oil

after the Arrival of the Ships from the Fishery, and for charging the Duty thereon; for altering the Convoy Duty now payable on the Importation of Opium; fot repealing the Duties on the Importation of Oil of Tur-. pentine and Tar, and'charging other Duties in lieu thereof; for exempting Burr Stones, and Stones used for the Purpose of paving, or the making or mending of Roads, from the Duties charged thereon when carried Coastwise; for obliging Masters of Ships laden with To bacco to remove the same from their Moorings when their Cargoes are discharged; and for extending Bonds given on licensing Ships, Vessels, or Boats, to all Cafes wherein Ships, Vessels, or Boats, may be liable to Forfeiture, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be. An Act to permit Blubber from the Greenland Fijle-ry and Davis's Streights to be boiled into Oil after ,the Arrival of the Ships from the Fishery, and for charging the Duty thereon; for altering the Convoy Duty now payable on the Importation of Opium; for repealing the Duties on the Importation of Oil of Turpentine and Tar, and charging other Duties in lieu thereof; for exempting Burr Stones, and Stones used for the Purpose of paving, or the making or mending of Roads, from the Duties charged thereon when carried Coastwise; for obliging Masters of Ships laden with Tobacco to remove the same from their Moorings when their Cargoes are discharged; and for extending Bonds given on licensing Ships, Vessels, or Boats, to all Cafes wherein Ships, Vessels, or Boats, may be liable to Forfeiture.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Venerisy 6 Junit;

1 Anno 40° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1800.

Prayers.

MR. Charles Yurke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for better draining and preferring the Lands and Grounds in the Fourth Distriftof the North Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to the said Fourth District: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Sprowston, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Sprouston, in the County of Nor

Ordered, That Mr. Afi'eydo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr.

Custom's Regulation Bill, passed.

Bedford Level

(Fourth Dif-tricl) Drainage Bill, presented *

Sprowfton Jn~' ciofure Bill, passed.

40 Geo. III.

6° Ju

611

Keith Harbour Petition, reported.

L ' '

Yarpole and JPrctttigne, &c. Ku;ul kill, psiiUd,

S?. TVTary in Mafr'or l Inclo-itirt Bill,

palicJ *

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the; Petition of the Portreeve, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Neath, the Company of Proprietors of the Neath Canal Navigation, and of several Proprietors of Lands, Collieries, Copper Works, Smelting Houses, Iron Furnaces, Founderies, and Forges, Tin Plate Mills, Alum Works, and various other Manufactories, in and near the Harbour and River of Neath, within {he Port of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, and of several other Persons concerned in the Trade and Navigation of the said Harbour and River, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations <?f the said Petition, Mr. David Powell, being examined, said. That many exten-live Collieries, Copper Works, Smelting Houses, Iron Furnaces, Founderies, and Forges, Tin Plate Mills, Alum Works, and various other Manufactories and Works, are established in and near the said Harbour and River of Neath, and the same is become a Place of great Trade, and a considerable Nursery for Seamen: — And, being further examined, he said, That if proper Powers Vere given for regulating the Pilotage, Porterage, Moorage, Anchorage, and Navigation, within the Port or Harbour, and River, of Neath, it would be attended with great Convenience and Benefit to the Inhabitants of the Town of Neath, and others, concerned in the Commerce thereof, and would be of Public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Appointment and Regulation of Pilots and Hoblers for the conducting of Ships and Vessels into, and out of, the Port or Harbour, and River, of Neath, in the county of : Glamorgan , for regulating the Mooring of Ships and

Vessels therein; and for the Regulation of Porters within the said Port or Harbour, and River, and within the Town, of Neath: And that Mr. John Pitt and Lord Evelyn James Stuart do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

An ingrossed Bill, for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, repairing, and widening the Roads leading from The Ryeway, in the Parish of Yarpo/e, in the County of Hereford, to Pres-

teigne, in the County of Radnor, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County of Radnor, and in the Counties of Hereford and Salop, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, repairing, and widening the Roads leading from The Ryeway, in the Parish of Yarpole, in t he County of Hereford, to Presteigne, in the County of Radnor, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County of Radnor, and in the Counties of Hereford and Salop.

Ordered, That Mr. Howard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Common Fields and Waste Lands, within or adjoining the Parish of Saint Mary in Stafford, in the County of Stafford, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, For the Application of Money to be paid by incapacitated Persons. ol. 55 ,

And the said Clause was Thrice read j and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Wav of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 50. 1. 27. To leave from " any" to " upon" in

1. 30.

1. 34. To leave out from " except" to " be" in 1. 36, and insert " as " herein after mentioned" instead thereof, and to leave out " repaid."

1. 37. To leave out " and returned," and insert " paid" instead thereof.

1. 40. At the End of the Line, to insert ' " or in Proportion to their several

" Rights and Interests in the " Land fold for Payment of the " Expences as aforesaid, as the " Cale may be."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Common Fields ^nd Waste Lands, within or adjoining the Parish of Saint Mary in Stafford, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr Monchon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields, Marsh, Meadow, and Waste Lands, in the Manor of Forebridge, and in the Parish of Church, in the County of Stafford, and for embanking and draining Part of the said Common Fields, Marsh, Meadow/ and Waste Lands, and certain other Low Lands and Grounds, in the said Parish of Cafle Church, and in the adjoining Parishes, Townships, and Places of Sow Saint Thomas, otherwise Saint Thomas upon Sow, Coton, Berkfwich, and Saint Mary in Stafford, in the said County of Stafford, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, For the Application of Money to be paid to incapacitated Persons.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Forebritlge, &c. Incloliire Drainage Bill, passed *

Pr- 55-

Pr. 84.

1. 7. To leave out from " Accounts" to

and," in Pr. 59. 1. 15.

1. 4. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to the End of 1. 5. and insert "as herein after mentioned" instead thereof.

1. 10. After " them" to insert " or in Proportion to their several Rights and Interests in the Land fold " for Payment of the Expences " as aforesaid, as the same may " be, and."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the 1 able accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Marsh, Meadow, and Waste Lands, in the Manor of Forebridge, and in the Pari fit of Cafle Church, in the County of Stafford, and for embanking and draining Part of the said Common Fields, Marsh, Meadow, and Waste Lands, and certain other Low Lands and Grounds, in the said Parish of Cafle Church, and in the adjoining Parishes, Townships, and Places, of Sow Saint Thomas, otherwise Saint Thomas upon Sow, Colon, Berkfwich, and Saint Mary in Stafford, in the said County of Stafford.

Ordered,

Xancnft?r C.< n.tl passed.

lord ^elicy's, «V . Kxcli.msre

h '\ »it'iij

'and patted.

Wyfall Inclosure Bill, pie-ftntcJ.

Tht Lords

have agreed to

"Vagrant Bill.

Nev haven and Lewes Navigation and Drainage BilJ.

Lr icester and Melton Mowbray Navigation BiiJ.

Argyll Roads Bill.

F.lfdon, &c. Road Bid.

612 6° Junii. A. 1800.

4Ordered., That Mr. Moncktondo carry the Bill to the for reviving, continuing, and amending, an Act, passed Lords, and desire their Concurrence. in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Elf don High Croft, An ingrossed Bill for better enabling the Company of neartlie Town of the County of

Proprietors of the Lancaster Canal Navigation to coni- to the Red upon the Mid Border betwixt England

pletc the fame, was read the Third Time. and Scotland-, without any Amendment: And also.

Refolded, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act be, An Act for better enabling the Company of Pro- for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of prietors of the Lancaster Canal Navigation to complete an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of the fame. His present Majesty, for. repairing and widening the

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Steele reported from the Comtfiittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for effecting an Exchange between the Dean and Chapter of tilt Cathedral Church of the Holy Trinity of chester, and the Right honourable Lord Se/fey,

and the Honourable John Peachey, of certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill inatthe Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Steele do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Pierrepotitpresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields Meadows, Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Wyfall, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to amend and make more effectual " the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other " idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houses of Correctionwithout any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for improving the Navigation of the River Ouse, between Bridge

and Lewes Bridge, in the County of , and for the

better draining of the Low Lands lying in and

Laughton Levels, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Leicester Navigation to Melton in the County of Leicester, to complete their Navigation, and to

discharge the Debts contracted by them in the making thereof, and for amending the Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Navigation; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining, amending, and continuing, an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Highways " and Bridges in the Shire of Argyll;" without any AmendmentAnd also,

The Lords have agreed to t\ t Bill, intituled, As Act 7

Road leading from the Port of , by the

West of the Borough of Link and by the Towns of Torphichen, Bathgate, and and from thence

Southward to the Confines of the County of at or near Hollhottj'eburn; without any Amendment;

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing Two Acts, One made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Half-way House, in the Parish of Lozver , in the County of Dorset, through the Towns of Yeovil, Crezcherne, and Chard, to the East End of the Towm of in

the County of Devon, and several other Roads therein mentioned; and also, for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of PI:s present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, as relates to repairing the Road from the Direction Poll in Widcombe Moor, through Street Ash Lane, to Chard, and for making more effectual Provision for' those Purposes, and for altering and diverting certain Parts of the said Roads; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Little in the County of Norfolk-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts passed for amending the Highway between Hoch-lijfe and Woburn, in the County of Bedford, and for repairing the Road leading through to Tick-ford

Bridge, in Nezcport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks;

with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town and County of the Town of Southampton to the City of in

the County of Wilts-, with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Meficngers withdrew.

A Motion being made, That the ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadow, Commons, and Wafie Grounds, within t.he Parish of Ordfall, in the County of Nottingham, be now

read the Third Time;

The Lord Hawkesbury (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 32. 1. 27, 28,7 To leave out "or in any other Ma-29, & 30.3 " nor, Parish, Hamlet, Township or Place, adjoining the reto."

And

Borpjwft'Vff, i.cis Read i.il.

Lower Compton and Yeovil, See, Roads Bill.

Little Pluro. head Inciuuns Bill.

Hockliffe an \ Woburn Road Bill, with aa Araendm.nr.

Southimrtrn and Salifbu; y Canal Bill, with an Am-udinem.]

King's Content to Ordiall inclosure Bill.

Bill, passed.

fearl of Er-roll'3 Petition, reported.

40 Geo. III. 6° JuniL613

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadow, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Ordfa/l, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepontdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of William , Earl of Erroll, Lord High Constable of Scwas referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of thef said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the fame-was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, it appeared to Your Committee, That James Earl of 1 Linlithgow was attainted of High Treason, by an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act to attaint " John Earl of Marr, William , Esquire, commonly called Marquis of T, James Earl of f Linlithgow, and James Drummond, Esquire, common-J< ly called Lord Drummond, of High Treason That, in an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for vesting the forfeited Estates in Britain and

" Ireland in Trustees, to be sold, for the Use of the Publie, and for giving Relief to lawful Creditors by defermining the Claims, and for the more effectual " bringing into the respective Exchequers the Rents " and Profits of the said Estates till foldit was, among, other Things, enacted, that the Monies arising from the said Estates should be applied as therein is directed, and the Residue thereof appropriated and applied towards the Discharge of the Public Debts of the Nation: That a Part of the said Estate, which belonged to the said James Earl of Linlithgoiv, called Mumra/s, and others, was claimed by the then Duke of Hamilton as Superior Lord of the lame, under the Authority of an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for encouraging all Superiors, Vassals, Landlords, and Tenants, in Scotland, " who do and shall continue in their Duty and Loyalty to his Majesty King George; and for discouraging all " Superiors, Vafl'als, Landlords, and Tenants there, who " have or shall be guilty of rebellious Practices against " his said Majesty," &c.; but the Trustees appointed by Parliament for the Management of the forfeited Estates having notwithstanding surveyed and taken Possession of the said Estate of Mumrals, as making Part of the Forfeiture of the said Earl of Linlithgow, the Duke of Hamilton, then an Infant, by his Guardians, pursuant to the Directions of an Act,'passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, put in his Exception, to the Court of Session in Scotland, against the said Survey made of the Estate of Mum-rals: That the Trustees for the forfeited Estates put in their Answer to this Exception, and, upon Confideia-tion thereof, the Court of Session, upon the 12th Day of ' August 1719, pronounced the following Decree:

" That the Excipient had Right to the Property of that " Half of the Lands of M and of the Four " Oxengates of Land of the said Lands of Alitmrals, " and of the North Half of the said' Lands of Leuchhart and Brimmage, with the Half of the Mills thereof, and also of the South Half of the said Lands of . " Leuchbart and Brimmage, with the Half of the Mills " thereof, with the Pertinents which are contained and " described in the Infeftments of the said late Earl of " Linlithgow, and were by him lrolden of the Exci-

VOL. 55. ‘ -

" pient, and to the Rents, Profits, and Tffues of the " said Lands, Mills, and others, in the State knd Condition they were and stood in upon the 24th of June " 1715 Years, and in and to the said Rents, Profits *

" and Issues, payable for the said Lands, Mills, and " others, from and since that Time, with the Burthen " always of a Proportion of the Debts, in Terms of the late Act of Anno f Georgii, intituled, An Act' er for determining Claims on forfeited Estates, &c. and»

* decerned and declared the Right and Property of " the said Lands, and others mentioned in the Exception and Writs produced, with the whole Rents, .11 sues, and Profits thereof, since the said 24th Day of " June 17x5, and in all Time coming, to pertain and belong to the said James Duke of Hamilton Excipient That the Trustees for the forfeited Estates appealed to the House of Lords against the said Decree, on hearing whereof, the said Decree was, by the said House, upon the 26th Day of February 1719-20, affirmed, with this Variation, " That as to such Lands wherein the Estate " or Interest of the late Earl of Linlithgow was for '

" feited to the Crown, the Tenants thereof shall not " be bound to thirl, or grind at the Mill of the " Respondent, in the Pleadings mentioned That the said Trustees for the forfeited Estates afterwards determined and adjusted all the Debts and Claims affecting the Estate of the Earl of Linlithgow, and found the fame, with Interest thereon, to the 25th Day of ber 1724, to amount to the Sum of£.24,864. 55. 4 and having considered the Value of the Estate of rals, and others, decreed to belong to the Duke of Hamilton, and the Amount of the Debts decreed by thern to affect the said Earl of Linlithgoiv's whole Estate, they declared the said Estate so decreed to the said Duke to be. affected with the Sum of £.4,901. 51. /\.d. as A proportional Part of the whole Etebts affecting' the whole Estate of the said late Earl of Linlithgow: And the said Commissioners, in a final Report made to this House, on the 17th Day of Apr 1723, certified, that the Sum of £.4,901. 55. 4 d.was due to the Public, from the Duke of Hamilton, as the Proportion payable by him of the late Earl of Linlithgow's Debts, answer able to that Part of the said Earl's Estate possessed by him: That several Bills were afterwards filed against the then Dukes of Hamilton, in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, at the Suit of His Majesty's Advocate General for Scotland, to recover Payment of the said Sum of £.4,901. 5 s.4 d.and Interest due thereon, to which

Answers were put in by the Defendants, the Dukes of ^Hamilton, in which they contested and objected to the Validity of the said Debt, and the Amount thereof;, but it does not appear to Your Committee that any of these Causes were ever brought to a Hearing, or that any Decree or Decrees were ever made therein: That his Grace James Dukt of Hamilton and Brandon, by his Disposition and Conveyance, dated the 4th Day of July, in the Year 1750, for the Confederations therein mentioned, conveyed, granted, and disposed, to the F^thetf of the Petitioner William Carr, now Earl of Erroll, and Lord High Constable of Scotland, and to his Heirs and Assignees, by the Description of James Boyd, Esquire,

(who was afterwards Earl of Erroll) elaeft lawful Son of William late Earl of Kilmarnock, and Anna Coufitefs of Kilmarnock, his Spouse, who was only lawful Daughtet arid Child of the said James Earhof Linlithgow, all that just and equal Half of all and sundry the Lands of Mumrals, with the Pertinents, sometime possessed by the said James late Earl of Linlithgow, and his Subtenants, lying within the Barony of , and Sheriffdom of Stirling, and lately within the Dukedom and legality of llama I ton and Bonow; as also, all

that Four Oxengat'e of Land of the said Lands of Mumrals, with the Pertinents, whereof the One Half is Dryfield, and the other Kerfe Lands, adjacent to the said Lands of Mumrals; which Four Oxengate of Land sometime pertained to Sir Alexander Bruce, of Airth,

j R Knight, <

Warminster Roa ls recommitted

Bill, restarted.

Pancras Paving, &c. Bill, reported.

6° Juniu

A. i Boo.

Knight, lying within the Regality and Sheriffdom afore- Churchwardens and other Inhabitants of the Parish ' said; as also the North Half Part of the Lands of Saint in the County of whole

Leuchbart and Brimmage, with the Half of the Mills Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of them-thereof, and Pertinents, lying within the Barony of selves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish,

Kinneil and Sheriffdom of Linlithgow; as also, all the was referred; That the Committee had considered the South Half Part of all and sundry the Lands of Leuch- said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the bart and Brimmage, with the Half of the Mills of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the

lame, with its Pertinents, lying within the Barony of Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Kinneil and Sheriffdom of Linlithgow, and formerly Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him within the Dukedom and Regality of Hamilton and to report to the House; and- he read the Report in Borrowstownness; and by the said Disposition and Con- his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the veyance it is expressly provided and declared, that the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Lands, Mills, and others, particularly thereby disponed Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a and conveyed, should not only be really burthened with. Second Time, Ohe by One; and, upon the Question but also that the said Sir James Boyd should, by Accep- severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. tation of the said Conveyance, be personally bound and OrdThat the Bill, with the Amendments, be obliged to pay a proportional Share of the true, just, and ingrossed. , lawful Debts of the said James late Earl' of Linlithgow,

attainted, answerable to the Lands and other Estate Mr. Adair reported from the Committee, to whom Bloomfoury

thereby conveyed and disponed in the Terms of the Act the Bill for inclosing and embellishing the . Centre or BXrep^ed.

of Parliament passed in the First Year of the Reign of Area of a certain Square, intended to be called Russell

his Majesty King George the First, for encouraging Su- Square, purposed to be made in the Parish of Saint

periors, Vassals, Creditors, and others, and all such George, in the County of Middlesex, and

Debts and Incumbrances as affect the Estate thereby for forming and making the same into a Pleasure Grbund,

conveyed and disponed: That the Petitioner William and for continuing'and keeping the same in Repair, was

Carr, Earl of Erroll, and Lord High Constable of Scot- committed; That the Committee had examined the

land, is now the eldest lawful Son and Heir of the afore- Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

said James Boyd, who was afterwards Earl of Erroll, and and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and

Lord High Constable of Scotland, and that the Peti- made several Amendments thereunto, which they had

tioner William Carr, Earl of Erroll, is now in the Pof- directed him to report to the House; and he read the

fession of the aforesaid Estate of Mumrals, and others Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

above mentioned, as the Heir of his Father the above with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where

mentioned James Boyd, afterwards Earl of Erroll. the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Qonsideration of a Committee of the whole House. severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ingrossed.

House, to consider of the said Report.

Mr. Gore Langton reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the Town of Wa in the County of Wilts, to a Place where the Roads to Bath and Bristol divide, and from the Town of Frome to the Town of Beckington, in the County of and other Roads

therein mentioned, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other. Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com- Voices to mittee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Horncastle Na- °"

vigation Company to raise a further Sum of Money to Navigation complete the said Navigation, and for amending an B,li-Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Navigation, is committed.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to Hunmanby, Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Inclolu"', several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, ‘ 'l,ieenfe ‘ Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the several Manors or Townships of Hunmanby and Fordou, in the Parish of Hunmanby, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making Compensation in lieu of Tythe arising in, over, or upon, the fame, and in, over, and upon, certain ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township: And the' same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Adair reported from the Committee, to whom The Marquis of Worcester reported from the Com- Tetbury, &c. the Bill for cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, mittee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and Boa^B,u and otherwise improving and keeping in Repair, such altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed rep° e ‘ Parts of certain Streets, called Gower Street, Upper in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Ma-Gower Street, Francis Street, Thornhaugh Street, and jesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Upper Thornhaugh Street, and the Public Passages and Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the Places adjoining thereto, as are formed and made same relate to such of the Roads from and other

upon certain Pieces or Plots of Ground belonging to Places, in the County of Gloucester, as are comprized the most Noble Francis Duke of Bedford, within the in the said last mentioned Act, and for amending and Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, repairing certain other Roads in and through the Parish "and for forming, paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, of and near aforesaid, in the said County

watering, and otherwise improving and keeping in Re- of Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee pair, the Streets, Squares, and other Public Paifegefcand had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the Places, which are and shall be made upon certain other feme to be true; and that the Committee had gone Pieces or Plots of Ground, in the said Parish of Saint through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-.

Pancras, belonging to the said Francis Duke of Bedford, unto, which they had directed him to feport to the House; was committed; and to whom the Petition of the and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered

s'

t

40 Geo III. 6° ¥uniL d>ig

livered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

King' Con- A Motion being made, That the ingrossed Bill for di-»o»ugh in'- ' viding, allotting, arid inclosing, the Open Fields, Paf-cWurc BOL tures, Waites, and other uninclosed fluids and Grounds, in the Parish of Braceborouin the County of

coln, be now read the Third Time;

The Lord Hawkesbury (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Coafent, as far as His Majesty's interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think iit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Bai, paged. Revived, That the Bill do pass s And that- the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Pastures, Wastes, and other uninclosed Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of , in

the County of Lincoln, and for making Compensation for the Tythes within the same Parish.

Ordered, That Sir William Lowther do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

India Govern Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for meat Bin, or- establishing further Regulations for the Government of the British Territories in India, and the better Admini-

stration of Justice within the same: And that Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. William , and Mr. do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An VolunteerAccount of the effective Numbers of Volunteer Corps of Corptjordered. Infantry and Cavalry in Great Britain, according to the latest Return, and the Conditions on which they engaged to serve; specifying those by whom Pay is received.

Accounts of Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, pur-Mq»bmofby ^ant to their Address to His Majesty, the irish Par- Copy of a Letter from the Lord Lieutenant of f21"'?1 Pre land to the Duke of Podated Dublin Castle, 28 th

l ut ' j May 1800; inclosing,

N° 1. An Account of Offices actually held by the present Members of the Irish Parliament, exclusive of Military Appointments: And also,

N°2. An Account of Offices tenable by Members of the Irish Parliament.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie uf5on the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Petition to in The Lord Hawkesbury reported from the Committee, ixmdon'Vom to ,w^om the Potion of the several Persons, whose pany fur Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of them-Manufashire selves and others, desirous of forming a new Company, reportai!to he incorporated, and called " The London Company " for the Manufacture of Flour, Meal, and Bread," was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Qsorge Frere, being examined, said. That the Petitioners

Vbi» 55.

and others are defiroUs of forming a hew Company for the Manufacture of Flour, Meal, and Bread, at reason-> able Prices, and for the more regular Supply of the Metropolis and its Neighbourhood, to be called " The " London Company for the Manufacture of Flour, Meal)

" and Bread;" and for that Purpose, the Petitioners, and the other Persons desirous of forming the said intended Company, propose to raise, by Subscription, a.

Capital of One Hundred and Twenty Thousand Pounds, to consist of Four Thousand Eight Hundred Shares, whereof no One Person shall hold more than Forty of Twenty-five Pounds each, to be paid by such Proportions, at such Times, and in such Manner, as shall be found necessary for the Purposes of the said Undertaking, with Power to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money,. not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Thirty Thousand Pounds, or to increase the said Capital to that Amount; and it is propostd, that the Proprietors of the said Concern shall never receive a larger Profit therefrom, than to the Amount of Ten Pounds per Cent, on the said Subscriptions: That for these Purposes, as well as to the End that the said Subscribers may be exempted from becoming individually liable for any Demands upon the said Company, which would deter many Persons from engaging the rein, the Petitioners and the said other Persons are desirous of being incorporated, and also to have Power of electing Manager?, and of making Bye Laws for their Government, in order to prevent the many Inconveniencies that would otherwise arise from the Affairs of the said Company being in the Hands I of so large a Body of Proprietors; and the Petitioners and the said other Persons are desirous that the said Concern shall be subjected to such other Restrictions, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall leem meet: That the Petitioners and others have already engaged to enter into Subscriptions, pursuant to the Terms of the Proposal before stated, to the Amount of Twenty Thousand Pounds, and upwards.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to incorporate certain Persons by the Name of "The don Company for the Manufacture of Flour, Meal,

" and BreadAnd that the Lord Hawkesbury, Mr.

Devaynes, and Mr. Samuel Thornton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Report on further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to empower the Gover- ther confi-nor and Company of the Bank of England to purchase dertd-certain Houses and Ground contiguous to the Bank of England, and to enable them to improve certain Avenues adjacent thereto, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Rejohed, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Petition of Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Grocers of the City of London, which was Yesterday presented SdCounia to the House, might be again read. ordered.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committe, to whom the said Bill is re-committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill,' against the said Petition.

Ordered,

Motion for Bill concerning the Property of His Majesty, See. to be con fider-ed in a Committee.

Hotife resolve to adionm to Monday.

Accounts ordered.

Monies reserv-el for p irticu-Jai Set vices.

D of Contributions toLot-terics.

American and F.aft Florida Oideis, out-standing.

Committee on Mr. McDow-ali' Report.

Baker Indemnity Bill, ordered.

House to con-Tulcr of exempting certain Grants, See. from Sump Duties.

616

6° Junii. 1800.

Odered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

A Motion being made, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill concerning the Disposition of certain Real and Personal Property of His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, and also of the Real and Personal Property of Her Majesty, and of the Queen Consort for the Time being;

Ordered, That the said Motion be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into Committee of the whole House, toconsider of that Motion.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of thfe House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That these be laid before this House, An Account of Monies reserved for particular Services, which have remained in the Exchequer since the 10th Day of May 1787, and which have not been called for; distinguishing the Services for which such Monies are reserved. '

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Monies remaining in the Exchequer of Contributions to Lotteries, granted prior to the Year 1799 j distinguishing each Year. 1

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account of American and East Florida Orders, made out pursuant to Acts 28th and 30th GeoAll. outstanding and unsatisfied; distinguishing the Amount of such Orders in each Year.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of MDow-

all, Esquire, and also the Petition of the Executors of Charles Ashwell, deceased, and William late of

the Island of Grenada, Esquire, were severally referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Brag# etook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Report.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to M prohibit, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, " any Person or Persons from felling any Bread which " shall not have been baked a certain Time," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly j

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a BilL to authorize Bakers and other Persons to sell Bread to His Majesty's Forces on their March which 111 all not have been baked Twenty-four Hours; and to indemnify all Persons by whom such Bread may have been lo fold: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster to sell and dispose of " certain Fee-farm Rents, and other Rents, and to cn-.2

" franchise Copyhold and Customary Tenements, within their Survey, and to encourage the Growth of'

" Timber on Lands held of the said Duchy," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole.

House, to consider of exempting certain Grants, Conveyances, and Assurances, under the Seal of the Duchy of Lancaster, from the several Stamp Duties granted since the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign.'

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty.

" certain Stamp Duties on the several Matters therein " mentioned, and for better securing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and " others, practising in certain Courts of Justice in " Britain," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- In.ti-uaion. mittee, that they do consider of io much of the said Act as relates to the Duties on Copies of Indentures,

Leases, or other Deeds.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King William

O U

the Third, intituled, u An Act for laying further Duties " upon Sweets, and for lessening the Duties, as well " upon Vinegar as upon certain Low Wines, and Whale " Fins, and the Duties upon Brandy imported, and for u the more easy railing the Duties upon Leather, and " for charging Cynders, and for permitting the Importation of Pearl Allies, and for preventing Abuses in i€ the brewing of Beer and Ale, and Frauds m Impor-i€ tation of Tobacco," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to allow the Use of Sugar in the brewing of Beer, for a Time to be limited: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Lo:ig> and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bill to allow the Vic. of Sn. g.11 in

Beer orikreu.

The- House was moved, That an Act, made in the Duties on KU Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for'repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties,

" together with the other Duties composing the Public " Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain " Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French " King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain " unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for " the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Acc as relates to the Duties and Drawbacks on Kid Skins imported into or tawed in Great Britain.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- of

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole The Capeot House, to consider of the Duties and Drawbacks on Good Hope, to Wine and Spirits the Produce of The Cape of Good Hope. conluierel‘

The House was moved. That an Act, made in this Land Tax present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act Bid, or Jeied. " of this Session' of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on " Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England,

" Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and " certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and SnulL

" for

Account Shipping to fee printed *

40 Geo. III.

6° Junii.

617

* for the Service of the Year ( e thousand Eight hun-<c dred, together with those named in Two former Aits . for "appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax," might be read. u-

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for extending the Powers of the Commissioners named in the said Act; for indemnifying such of the Persons named in the said Act as have acted as Commissioners of the Land Tax; and for rendering valid certain Acts done by them: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys employed in navigating the same (including their repeated

Voyages) which entered Inwards and cleared Outwards in the several Ports of Great Britain, from or to all Parts of the World, between the 5th of January 1789 and the jthof January 1800; distinguisliingeach Year; and distinguishing Britislifrom Foreign Vessels, — and the Countries from whence the said-Vessels arrived, or to which they were bound; be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

t

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, who were E (innate of

appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Expence of Al- MiHtb offit0 lowances to be made to certain Subaltern Officers of the Cers, reported. Militia in Time of Peace, That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; apd is as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of certain Allowances to Subaltern Officers of the Militia.

To 300 Lieutenants, who shall have served in the Militia during the present War, on the Corps in which they shall have served being disembodied, an Allowance of £.25 per Annum respectively, in Addition to the Pay usually provided for their Attendance at the Place of Monthly Exercise -

To 300 Ensigns, who shall have so served, an Allowance of f. 20 per Annum respectively

£ d.

7»5°o ——

6,000 ——

I-

13.50° ——

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Emailed Ef- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act l!l' for belief of Persons entitled to Entailed Estates to be purchased with Trust Monies, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Liverpool new Mr. Gascoyne reported from the Committee, to whom

Church, &c. the Petition of John Houof Liverpool, in the Coun-

Petmon, re. . r T „ J_r . ' , 1 '

p ned. ty or Lancaster, Llquire, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Leigh, being examined, said, That the Petitioner has lately purchased and appropriated, and set apart, a Certain Piece or Parcel of Ground on the South Side of Hunter Street, within the Liberties of the Town and Parish of Liverpool, as and for the Scite of a Church or Chapel, together with a Yard fora Burial Place or Cemetery thereto, and which Piece of Ground he has, at his own Expence, inclosed with a Wall, and hath also erected thereon a new Church or Chapel, and in all Respects hath finished and completed the same in a proper, decent, and very commodious Manner, fit for the performing Divine Service therein; and the Petitioner is desirous that the said Church or Chapel may be consecrated, set apart, and dedicated to and for such Service, and established as a Place of Divine Worship, according to the Usage of the Church of England, for ever; and that the Residue of the said Piece of Ground may be set apart, and consecrated, as, and for, a Cemetery or Burial Place so the same Church, and he hath, for that Purpose, obtained the Consent of the Rectors of the said Parish, Vot. 55.

and of the Corporation of Liverpool, the Patrons of the said Rectory, and of the Bishop of the Ordinary

thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for establishing a new Church or Chapel lately erected on the South Side of Hunter Street, within the Town and Parish of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And that Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Stanley, and Mr. Blackburne 'bf Lancashire, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do make the Report from the wint?rt>orne Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and Ineiofure Biiy inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, rep0‘ Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Stickland, in the Coouty of Dorset, and for extinguishing the Tythes in the same Parish, was committed.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Life Anmiitie Reading erf: the Bill for further regulating Life Annuities, and for Relief of the Grantees of Life Annuities in certain Cates;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

7S Tbp

'Proceedings on Petition for Relief to Poor of London, See,

Duke of New-cattle's Estate Bill, reported, And pallid *

Himlley and Aflifon Road Bill, reported.

Haie, Sec. Iiu cloture Bill -reported.

618 - , 66 — of

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Persons, whose Names are there-undersigned, being Members of a Committee appointed by the Subscribers to a Fund for the Relief of the inidustrious Inhabitants of the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough Of Sand the adjacent Parishes, from the Distress occasioned by the High Price of the Necessaries of Life;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And Notice being taken that Forty Members were not present, the House was told, by Mr. Speaker; and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

JLunee, 9 Junii;

Anno 40® Georgii IIP" Regis, 1800. Prayers.

MR. John Scott reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to empower the Guardians of the most Noble Henry Duke of Newcafl an Infant, to grant Leases of certain Parts of his Estates in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment s and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr, John Scott do carry the Bill to the Lords; 'and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading out of the Turnpike Road from Manchester to Wi at the Four Lane Ends in Hiudley, by Bamferlong, into the Turnpike Road from lfr:gc.nto Ashton, in the Township of Ashton in

Mackerfield, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question l'cverally put thereupon, were agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. ‘ *

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands, in the Manors and Town-ftiips of Hale and Halewood, in the Parish of Childwall, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the

Junii. 1800,

Standing Orders of ttyf House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there -unto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Marquis of Worcester reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for amending the Road from the Nine Mile Stone on the Bristol Road, at or near a Place called The Clan Pits, to or near the Chapel at Stone, and also the Roads to or near Berkeley, Durjley, Wot ton-under-edge, Stroud, and Sodbury, and several other Roads in the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts, except so far as the said Act relates to the Roads to and near Sodbury aforesaid, was cofn-mitted; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered \That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Connington, in the County of Cambridge, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles

Yorke, General Adeane, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Winterborne Stickland, in the County of D and for extinguishing

the Tythes in the same Parish, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Winterborne Stickland, in the County of Dand for extinguishing the Tythes in the same Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Darner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to such of the Roads from Tetbury, and other Places, in the County of Gloucester, as are comprized in the said last mentioned Act, and for amending and re- pairing certain other Roads in and through the Parish of

Hot fey.

Bristol and Berkeley, && Roads gill, reported.

Connington Inclosure BiH, committed *

Winterbon *

IndofurcBilf *

patted.

Tetbury, ku Roads Bill, patted.

Jngburch- ronh Inclo litre Bill) re ported.

Carnarvon Church Bill, presented.

Petitions against New Windsor Road Bill.

Mr. Lascelles.

40 Geo. Ill t)° Junii. 19

Horsley, and near Tetbury aforesaid, in the said County in the County of Bucks to the State of a Morass, whereof Gloucester, was read the Third Time. by the Petitioner will be greatly injured; and he trulls

ResolveJ, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title that so essential an Injury to his Property, and to that be. An Act for continuing the Terra, and altering and of the other Owners and Occupiers of Land in enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thir- whose Grounds are exposed to the Mischiefs which will ty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King arise from the making of the said> intehded Road, will George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the not be permitted to take place, and that his and the.r Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate Rights and Interests will be protested: And therefore to such of the Roads from Tetbury, and other Places, in praying. That the House will take the same into Con-the County of Gloucester, as are comprized in the said sideration, and not permit the said Bill to pass into a last mentioned Act, and for amending and repairing Law, and that the Petitioner may be heard, by his certain other Roads in and through the Parish of Horsley, Counsel, against the fame.

and near Tetbury aforesaid, in the said County of G/ou- A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Inhabitant of xester. ' thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Village of Dat- ilc

Ordered, That the Marquis of Worcester do carry the chet, in the County of Bucks, was also presented to the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. House, and read; likewise Taking Notice of the said

Bill; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners are Pro- Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to prietors or Occupiers of Houses situate in the said VII-

whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the lage, which is the great Thoroughfare from London to Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Windsor and that some of the Petitioners have been at Township of Ingburc/nvortk, in the Parish of Penistone, a considerable Expence in making Erections and Build-

in the West Riding of the County of York, was com- ings, for the Accommodation of the Public travelling mitted; That the Committee had examined, and found the said Road, and for the consequent Traffick thereon; that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills and that, their Property being thus employed, the Proof Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the fits, in a great Measure, depend on the Business of the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, said Road; and that the said new intended Road will and found the same to be true; and that the Parties con- have the Effect of rendering the old Road to Windsor cerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satis- through Datchet useless, whereby the Petitioners will be faction of the Committee; and that, the Committee greatly injured: And therefore praying, That the House 1

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments will take their same into Consideration, and not permit thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the the said Bill to pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after- may be heard, by their Counsel, against the fame,

wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at A Petition of the Mayor, Bridgemasters, and Burgesses, Corporation of

the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once of the Town of Maidenhead, in the County of Berks, Ma denheaJ-read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; was also presented to the House, and read; likewise and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That agreed to by the House. in the Year 1772, in order to improve the Communica-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be tion between London and Maidenhead, and other Places ' .

ingrafted. 1 on the old Bath Road, an Act passed to empower the

Petitioners to build a Stone Bridge across the River Mr. Thomas Williams presented to the House, accord- Thames near Maidenhead, of which Bridge the Peti-ing to Order, a Bill for. taking down, and re-building tioners are the foie Owners, and as such entitled to re-upon a more enlarged Scale, the Chapel of Saint Mary, ceive and take certain Tolls payable thereat; and that in the Town of Carnarvon :And the same was received; the Petitioners, in order to enable them to build and and read the First Time. ‘ , complete the said Bridge, did, by virtue of the said Act,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. . borrow a large Sum of Money, of which £. 18,500 now

remains due, with Interest at £-5 per Cent, and that *

A Petition of William Lascelles, of the Temple, Ef- though the present Communication between London and quire. Owner of divers Lands and Grounds in the Parish New Windsor is very commodious, yet as the new Road of Datchet, in the County of Berks, was presented to proposed to be made will be shorfer, it would from that the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for and other Circumstances, and particularly if the said making, maintaining, and keeping in Repair, a Road proposed Road should, as it might, by the Trustees, be from the Town of New Windsor, in the County of Berks, rendered less expensive in Point of Tolls, hold out an through the Parishes of Datchet and Horton, in the Inducement to Travellers to quit the old Road through County of Bucks, and Stamvell and Harmondsworth, in Maidenhead, Salt Hill, and Colnbrook, whereby the Tolls the County of Middlesex, to or near a Bridge called of the said Bridge would be very materially diminished *

High Bridge, near Longford, in the said County of Mid- and the Security to the Creditors lessened and rendered d/efex; and Setting forth, That the said intended new inadequate to the Purposes for which such Tolls were au-Roacj will run, in almost a direct Line, upwards of a Mile thofized to be collected; and that the Petitioners are at across a large Open Meadow called The Fleet, over a confi- a heavy Expence in railing, keeping up, and securingv derable Part of the Common, and through a Field called the Foundation and other necessary Repairs to the said Mar pi Field, and over feme other Arable Lands, in the Bridge, so that the present Tolls may be rendered in-said Parish of Datchet, the greatest Part of which lpd adequate to answer the several Purposes of the Act:

Field and Arable Lands are the Property of the Peti- And therefore praying, That the House will take their tioner; and that the Line of the said intended Road same into Consideration, and not permit the intended will immediately interrupt the Current of the 'Floods Bill to pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be which are so frequent and so violent in the Low Grounds heard, by Counsel, against the fame.

in the Parish of Datchet, by obstructing the only Out- A Petition of the Trullees of the Turnpike Road Trustees of lets through which they naturally flow off into the from Maidenhead Bridge to Reading, and from the said Thames-, and that although it may be proposed to raise Bridge to Bridge, in the County of Berks, on Be- Bridge to

the intended Road above the Level of the adjacent half of themselves and others, was also presented to the Readins-Ground, yet the same mull operate as a Dam to the House, and read; likewiseTaking Notice of the said Bill; great Body of Water always brought down with the and Setting forth. That, in the Year 1783, in order to Floods, and which, when thrown back upon the Lands, improve the Communication between London and will completely inundate the fame, and by that Means ing, on the old Bath Road between London and Henley, in a short Time eventually reduce feme of the finest Soil and other Places, an Act passed to enable the Petitioners Vol. 55. to

9° Junii.

A. 1800.

Inhabitant of Maidenhead *

Mortgagees the Tolls of Maidenhead Biidgt.

of

to make a Turnpike Road from Maidenhead Bridge to Reading, and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge aforesaid, and the Petitioners have caused a Toll Gate to be erected across the said Road near Maiden which

Tolls are vested in the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners, in order to enable them to make and complete the said Road, borrowed a large Sum of Money, of which the Sum of £.1,300 now remains due, with Interest at £.$ per Cent. and that though the present Communication between London and New is very com *

modious, yet as the new Road proposed to be made will be shorter, it would, from that and otherCircumstances, and particularly if the said proposed Road should, as it might, by the Trustees, be rendered less expensive in: Point of Tolls, hold out an Inducement to Travellers to quit the old Road through Maidenhead, Salt ami Colnbrook, whereby the Tolls of the said Turnpike would be very materially diminished, and the Security to the Creditors Jefiened and rendered inadequate to the Purposes for which such Tolls were authorized to be collected; and that the Petitioners are at a heavy Expence in keeping in Repair the said Turnpike Road, so that the present Tolls may be rendered inadequate to answer the several Purposes of the Act, and discharge the Interest of the Money due thereon: And therefore praying, That the House will take their same into Consideration, and not permit the intended Bill to pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the fame,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Town of Maidenhead, in the County of Berks, through which the ancient Bath Road to London pafles, on Behalf of themselves and others, was also presented to the House, and -read; likewise Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Set-' ting forth, That the Petitioners are Proprietors or Renters of Houses and other Property situate in, or adjoining to, the said ancient Bath Road to London, between the Town of Reading and Longford, in the County of Middlesex, and, in Consequence thereof, have been at considerable Charges in the Purchase of divers Estates, and in Erections and Buildings for the Accommodation of the Public travelling and using the said Road, and for the consequent Traffick thereon; and that the present Communication between London and New Windsor is very commodious, yet, as the Road now proposed will be much nearer, it probably would, from that and other Circumstances, and particularly as the Trustees might, by the Reduction of the Tolls to be paid for passing on and over jthe said new Road, hold out an Inducement to Travellers to go by the said proposed Road instead of the said ancient Bath Road through Colnbrook, Maidenhead, and the said other Places, the Adoption of the proposed Plan of making such new Road would prove a serious Injury to the Property of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That the House will take their same into Consideration, and not permit the said intended Bill to pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Mortgagees of the Tolls of Maidenhead Bridge, on Behalf of themselves and others, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That, in the Year 1772, in order to improve the Communication between London and Maidenhead, and other Places, on the old Bath Road, an Act passed to empower the Mayor, Bridgemasters, and Burgesses, of the Town of Maidenhead, in the County of Berks, to build a Stone Bridge across the River Thames, near Maidenhead, for the Purpose of which a large Sum of Money was borrowed,

£. 18,500 of which now remains due and unpaid to the Petitioners and others, which Money was advanced and lent on Mortgage of the Tolls authorized by the said Act to be collected j and that, though the present Commu-toication between London and New Windsor is very com-

modious, yet, as the new Road, proposed to be made will be shorter, it would, from that and other Circumstances, and particularly if the said proposed Road should, as it might, by the Trustees, be rendered less expensive in Point of Tolls, hold out an Inducement to Travellers to quit the old Road through Maidenhead, Salt Hill, and Colnbrook; and the Petitioners are apprehendve, that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Security, would be lessened, and the Tolls rendered- inadequate to answet the several Purposes of the said Act, and discharge the Interest of the Principal Money due to the Petitioners and others: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and not permit the intended Bill to pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the fame.

A Petition of the Reverend Robert Gunjley Ayerfl, of Ealing, in the County of Clerk, a Mortgagee of the Tolls of the Turnpike Road from -

head Bridge to Reading, and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge, in the County of s, was likewise presented to the House, and read; also Taking Notice of the said Bill i and Setting forth,'That by an Act, passed, in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty, lor repairing ‘the Roads from -

head Bridge to Reading and Henley Bridge, the Petitioner hath advanced the Sum of 1,300 upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which is still due, and he apprehends that his Security will be materially prejudiced should the said Bill pass into a Law: And therefore praying, That the House will take his same into Consideration, and not permit the intended Bill to pass into a Law, and that he may be heard, by his Counsel, against the fame.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read aSe-. cond Time j and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, Upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bi IV again It the said Petitions.

Mr. Gascoyne presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for establishing a new Church or Chapel lately erected on the South Side of Hunter Street, within the Town and Parish of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. IFolker:

Mr. Speakerr

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Oakham Canal to raise Money for completing the said Canal, and also for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, foe repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at Bough-ton, within the Liberties of the City of to

ehurch, and from thence to Nezvport, in the County of Salop, and several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from Nezvport aforesaid to the Village or Place called Welsh Harp, in

the

Mr. Aftttk

Liverpool new Church, See. Bill, presented.

The Lord have agreed t»

Oakham Carnal Bill.

Boughton' and

Whitchurch, fcc.Road Bui *

40 Geo. III.

90 Ju

621

Modern Biitige Bill.

Asylum Charity Bill.

Chelmsford Church Bill.

Llarfwrog Tn-cl^iure Bill.

IIoH'pton In-cioiuic Bill.

Carlton and C'amble sfo» th inclohire Bill, with Amendments *

The Lords have passed Sir Patr ck. Bl.ikc's Estate Bill *

D° Bill, read.

the Township of Stomal/ in the county of,

being the Third District of the said Roads; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for building a new Bridge over the River Chelmer, or Biackwater, at Fullbridge, in the Town of , in the County of Essex-, without any Amendment: And also,.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for establishing and well governing the charitable Institution, commonly called The , or House of Re-

fuge for the Reception of Orphan Girls, the Settlements of whose Parents cannot be found; and for incorporating the Subscribers thereto, and for the better empowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and ufct'ul Designs; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the repairing the Parish-Church of in the County of Essex; without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, t'he Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of in the County of Denbigh; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing, the Open Fields and Waste Ground within the Township of in the

Parillies of Holmpton and Hol/ym atm in Hol-

derness, in the East Riding of the County of York, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Ings, Marshes, Common, Commonable Lands, and Wdfte Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Carlton, in the Parish of S, and the Manor and

Township of Camblesforth, in the Parish of Drax, in the West Riding of the County of York; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords defife the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the lettled Estates deviled by the Will of Sir Patrick Blake, Baronet, deceased, situate and being in the Counties of Middlesex and , in Trustees, to

be sold for Payment of Incumbrances afledting the same Estates, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, and for laying out the Surplus of the Purchase Money in other Estates, upon the Trusts and for the Purposes therein expressed; to which 'the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Offices, for the Years 1797, 1798, and 1799} distinguishing each Year; viz. from the Treasury- — the Secretary of State, Home Department — the Secretary of State,

Foreign Department — the Secretary of State, War Department — Alien Office — War Office — Paymaster General — Ordnance Office — Admiralty — Navy — Victualling — Sick and Hurt — Tax Office — Stamp Office — Post Office — Hackney Coach Office — Customs — Excite —

Exchequer Bill Office — Commissioners for auditing Public Accompts — Comptrollers Army Accompts — Barrack Office — Transport Office — Mint — Muster Master General's Office — Lottery Office — Stationary Office — Customs, Scotland — Excise, Scotland — Hawkers and Pedlars Office — Auditor, Receipt of the Exchequer — Surveyor Crown Lands — Surveyor General, Woods — Auditors *

Land Revenue — Solicitor of the Treasury — Receiver of is. Duty on Pensions, &c. — Receiver of 6 Duty — Remembrancer of First Fruits — Receiver of First Fruits — Receiver of Tenths — -Privy Seal Office — and Signet Office.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table *

to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Rose presented to the House according to Or- Bill to allow der, a Bill to allow the Use of Sugar in the brewing of

Beer, for a Time to be limited: And the same was re- ingSB«.r,p ceived j and read the Ftrll Time. fented.

Resolved, That the B'1 be rc id a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Biii be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare pare Eiu°wte an Estimate of the Expence of providing a Royal Mill-of Atyium for tary Asylum for the Reception of the Children of Sol-

Cliildien of y 1 } 1

Sotlim. dlers- .

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Secretary at

War, the Lord Hazvkesbury, &c.: And they are to meet

Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the

Speaker's Chamber.

The Lord Hawkesbury presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to incorporate certain Persons by the Name of " The London Company for the Manufacture of Flour, Meal, and BreadAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, ~

Several Accounts, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences, of all the Public Vol. 55.

Bill to incorporate the Flour Company of Lon-(Iod, prelenied.

Accounts 6f Salaries, &c. of Public Offices, presented.

A Petition of the Tanners, Tawers, Shoemakers, Sadlers, Curriers, and other Artificers, residing in the Town and Borough of Denbigh, who are interested in the cutting and using of Leather, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, and most of the Persons employed in similar Trades through the Kingdom, have, for a considerable Length of Time, suffered, and still do constantly suffer, very serious and great Losses and Injury from the wilful and negligent cutting and galhing of Hides and Skins by the Butchers and their Servants in flaying of Cattle, which the Provisions of the Act of the 9th of Queen Anne, Chapter XI, and the other Acts now in force, are not able to guard against and restrain; for although, in the 9th of Queen Anne, Section nth, there are Penalties upon every Person offering to Sale Hides or Skins which shall be wilfully or negligently gallied or cut in the flaying; videlicet, 2 s.6 d.for every Ox Hide, &c. and is. for every Calf

Skin, yet, from the Circumstance that the Leather is of treble the Value it was at that Period, those Fines now appear small; and that, as those Informations cannot be made but through the Medium of Persons who mull have Liberty to enter the Slaughter Houses or other Buildings and Premises of the Butchers, or by the Tanners, who are the Purchasers of the Hides, this good and wholesome Provision is, in Effect, rendered totally useless, and not only the Traders in Leather, but the Community at large, are very grossly injured by this Negligence and Destruction of the Article, trom these Flaws and Galhes, to an Amount that is almost incredible; and that Sheep and Lamb Skins, which are now become of general Use, and pay a considerable Duty when manufactured into some particular Kinds of Leather, are, from the great Carelessness of the Butchers and their Servants, in taking the Skins off thele Animals, becomd very lcarce, especially those that are fit to be manufactured into Roans, a very useful Kind of Leather, which pays a Duty of is. o>d. per Dozen, and which Dozen of Skins only weigh upon the Average about Ten Pounds *

7 T and *

Petition of

Tannery &c. of Denbigh.

t

A. 1800.

623

and, in the Northern Counties, at least One-third of the Sheep and Lamb Skins, from the same Caule, are rendered unfit to be manufactured into Oil Leather, which pays a Duty of 3 d. per Pound, and arc therefore obliged

to be ouzed and tawed, and only pay a Duty of 1 i per Pound, and even of those One-filth Part in general of the Sheep and Lamb Skins are so much damaged as to be rendered useless for the Purpose of Leather, and obliged to be cut up for the Glue Pot, and conle-quest'iy pay no Duty at all, to the great Loss of the Revenue, and the great Injury of the Public: And therefore praying for such Redress as the House may think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

Ptihr'i on

Wort Wewcd from VitLlfrs, ‘V '- to becon-lidcral.

Committee on ctntatn Stamj> Duties.

Instruction.

Committee on Duties 011 Wine, &c. of The Cape of Good Hope.

The House was moved, That an Act, made irl this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " prohibit, until the First Day of March One thousand " Eight hurtdred, the making of Low Wines or Spirits " from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain,

" or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran, in that Part of Great Britain., allied Scotland," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as relates to thq Duties upon Wort or Wash brewed or made from Me-lalfes o^Sugar.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of exempting certain Grants, Conveyances, and Afl'urances, under the Seal of the Duchy of Lan-ccjltr, from the several Stamp Duties granted since the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain " Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, " Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts of " Justice in Great Britain-, and certain other Duties " with respect to Warrants, Mandates, and Authorities, " to be entered or filed of Record, as therein mentioned," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the l'hirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the several Matters " therein mentioned, and for better securing the Duties " on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain,"might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of extending the Duties now payable by Notaries practising in any Court to all Persons acting as Notaries Public, or exercising the Office of Notaries.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Buxton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Buxton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties and Drawbacks on Wine and Spirits, the Produce of The Cape of Good , be now read,

4

And the said Older being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfeit into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. '

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolulions; which they had di-rested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

4

" The Lord Hazvkesbury reported to the House, T hilt Anl'.vep to

their Address of Thtirfdaylaft (that His Majesty would Ad'-iieis-be graciously p'.eased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House a Copy of the Minutes of the Examination taken before the Lords of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, respecting the Birmingham Bread and Flour Company) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

The House being informed that Mr. (One Minute? of

of the Clerks of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy l, R>

Council) attended at the Door, he w'as called in; and, eue at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Copy of the Examination taken on the 4th of March 1800 before the Lords of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, respecting the Institution, called " The Birmingham Flour and Bread Company, or Union " Mills."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Land Tax a Bill for extending the Powers of the Commissioners

o r . ers Indemnity

named in an Act, made in this present Session of Parlia- Bill, prei'emed. ment, intituled, "An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and " Peri'onal Estates in England, Wales, and the Town of " Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar,

" Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year " One thousand Eight hundred, together with those " named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax," for indemnifying such Persons named in the said Act as have acted as Commissioners of the Land Tax; and for rendering valid certain Acts done by them: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Bakrr? imiom-a Bill to authorize Bakers and other Persons to sell Bread to His Majesty's Forces on their March which shall not have been baked Tw'enty-four Hours; and to indemnify all Persons by whom such Bread may have been so fold:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee 00 to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, £l'Slr'on

Kid Signs.

to

40 Geo.-III.

90 Junii.

623

Account?, or-tl »cd.

OuttUncbng

Dcmamts.

Unfunded Debt in Exchequer Bills.

Subfiles re. roaming due to Russia.

New Forest Bill, pieieuted.

to consider of so much of an, Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the several Duties of " Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in " lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Public " Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain " Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or " Matiufacture of the European Dominions of the French " King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain " unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for " the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction " of the National Debt," as relates to the Duties and Drawbacks on Kid Skins imported into or tawed in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragve took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Braggc reported from the Committee, Yhat they -had come to several Resolutions; which they had di-rested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An

Account of the out Handing Demands remaining to be provided for by Parliament on the 5th of January in the Years 1799 and 1800; distinguishing each Year, and specifying the d life rent Heads of Demand.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account of the unfunded Debt in Exchequer Bills remaining to be provided for by Parliament on the 5th of January in the Years 1799 and 1800; distinguishing each Year, and specifying the different Heads of Debt. '

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account of the Sums remaining due, and unprovided for by Parliament, for Subsidies granted to His Majesty the Emperor of all the RuJJias, as the same stood on the

5th of January 1S00.

Sir William Heathcote presented to the House, accord-

ing to Older, a Bill for better Preservation of Timber: in the New For eft, in the County of Southampton, and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands of the Crown within the same: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year Salisbury C of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and CIJ"

maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town and County of the Town of Southampton to the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as follow -eth; vi % .

Pr. 2. 1. 29. Leave out " Thirty " and 'insert.

" Forty."

Ordered, That the further Confederation of the said Amendment be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

" have been?" and insert instead thereof.

and inlert

Bill respecting Hides and Skins, reported.

Mr. Grfcoyne reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to repeal so much-of an Act, passed in the First Year of King James the First, as prohibits the Use of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes; and for better - preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in

the flaying thereof, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Lords Amend- The House proceeded to take into Consideration the

aunptonand Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,

Vol. 55.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for more effectually charging Public Accountants with the Payment of Interest, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, For the better enabling the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts to ascertain the Sums paid in or towards the Discharge of Balances declared to be due from Public Accountants.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, For directing an Half-yearly Account to be transmitted to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts of all the Payments made by Sub-Accountants, and of all Imprefts cleared on their Behalf.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally pro-poled to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 2. 1

and > To leave out " of Monies imprested."

3-J

Pr. 7. 1, 30. To leave out " be

I.37. To leave out " have been,'

" be " instead thereof."

1. 38. To leave out " have been," and insert " be " instead thereof.

Pr. 8. I.19. To leave out " have been," and insert " be " instead thereof.

I. 26. To leave out " have been," and inlert " be " instead thereof.

Pr. 10. 1. 10. After " Accounts," to insert " not being Accounts Current."

1. 23. After " Balance of" to insert " such." 1.-34 1 To leave out " their being lo afeer-and Y " tained or declared," and insert 35. J " the complete Delivery of such Accounts into the Office for auditing the Public Accounts," instead thereof.

Pr. 11. I.25. After "due" to insert "and now " remain due."

Pr. 12. I.17. After Majesty," to insert " and now . " remain due."

Pr. 13. 1. 3. After " paid," to insert "and legal " Proof of such Payment be not , " exhibited to the said Commissioners and Auditors."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be. An Act for more effectually charging Public Accountants with the Payment of Interest; for allowing Interest to them in certain Cales; and for compelling the Payment of Balances due from them.

Ordered, That Mr. Abbot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved,

Public Accountant *

Bill, p3fled.

p6 Junii. A. 180a.

Bil for Haling Refolded, That this House will, upon Wednesday tween'Matters Morning next, resolv? itself into a Committee of the nit Servant, "hole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better aj<riic<i. settling of Disputes between Matters and Mistresses of Families and their Menial or Domestic Servants.

Coiiitr Bill, The Order of the Day being read, for taking into re committed. furl|ier Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Security of Collieries and Mines, and for the better Regulation of Colliers and Miners, was committed;

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Rfolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House. confide:«l. Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself info the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Marquis of Worcef took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Marquis of Worcefreported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received, reported. The Marquis of IVircester accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the.Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thurs Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, puri'uant to their Orders,

An Account of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Consolidated Fund, for the Quarter ending 5th April 1799: And also.

An Account of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Consolidated Fund, for the Quartets ending the 5th o {July and 10th of October 1799, and 5 th of and

5th of April 1800: And also.

An Account of the Total Net Produce of the Permanent Taxes for the Year ending the 5th of 1800; distinguishing each Quarter, and the Duties imposed in the Years 1793, 1794, 1795, 1796, 1797, 1798, 1799, and 1800: And also.

An Account of the Monies reserved for particular Services, which have remained in the Exchequer since the 10th Day of May 1787, and which have not been called for; distinguishing the Services for which such Monies are reserved: And also.

An Account of the Monies remaining in the Exchequer of Contributions to Lotteries, granted prior to the Year 1799; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of American and East Florida Orders, made out pursuant to Acts 28th and 30th Geo. III. out-standing and unsatisfied; distinguishing the Amount of such Orders in each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Second of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are prclerved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of Carr, Earl of Er-

roll. Lord High Constable of Scotland, was referred;

' Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

NrSth Har-bour Bill, pi dented.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Appointment and Regulation of Pilots and Hoblers for the conducting of Ships and Vef-leis into, and out of, the Port or Harbour, and River, of Neath, \n the County of Glamorgan, for regulating the Mooring of Ships and Vessels therein, and for the Regulation of Porters within the said Port or Harbour, and River, and within the Town of Neath: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Uphill tndo- A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open C° U'' anc Common Pastures, and certain Common Arable Fields, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Uphill, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Buxton, Mr. Dickinson, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

India Gown- Mr. Bragge presented to the House, according to Or-fcn«dflll, pr" ^cr» a l°r establishing further Regulations for the Government of the British Territories in India, and the better Administration of Justice within the same: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Account , The House being informed that Mr. Bedford (from presented. the Exchequer) attended at the Door, he was called The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Accounts of the Net Produce of the Fees and Emoluments of the Clerk and Clerk A1-fistant attending the House of Commons for the last Ten Years;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Resolved, That this Floufe will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of His Majesty's most Gracious Message of the 2d Day of April last, communicating to this House the Resolutions of the Lords and Commons of Ireland respecting an Union between the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, with their Address to His Majesty thereupon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mortis,

Consoliduled

Fund.

D.

Permanent

Taxes.

Monies re-let ved for particular Services.

D° of Contributions to Lotteries.

American and

East F Ion da Orders, out-standing.

Committee on Report of £ rl of Erroll's PcU-tionj deferred.

Committee om Accounts of Clerks Fees, deferred.

Supply, deterred.

Ways and Me^ns, deferred.

Committee on

King's Mel-13 ge reipctling an Union with Ireland, deterred.

40 Geo. IIL

Martisy i o° Junii; Anno 40° Georgii III'" Regis, 1800. Prayers.

So!y«rdl fn *

dufure Bill wported.

MR. Annesley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Holywell with Needingworth, in the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,

' and found the same to be true j and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the 'Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Krlfcy tnelo. Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to &« Bill, t- whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, the Open Arable Fields, Stinted Pastures, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Kearby, otherwise Kirkby, otherwise I Kirby-cum-Netherby, in the Parish of,

in the West Riding of the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £.9. 15 s. who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Property . belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at £.69. is. 10d.; and

that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill)}, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

New Saruro An ingrossed Bill for repealing so much of ^n Act, CatTedBl11' ‘ Pa^e<^ n Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Removal and " Re-building the Council Chamber, Guildhall, and " Gaol, of the City of Nezv and for ascertaining

" the Tolls of the Market, and regulating the Chair-, " men, within the said City," as requires the Mayor and

Commonalty of the City of Sarum to build a new Gaol within the said City, or the Suburbs or Precincts' thereof, and for authorizing the Commitment of Felons and other Persons within the Limits of the said City, and the Close thereof, to the Gaol of the County of Wilts, and for explaining and amending the said Act, was read the Third Time.

Vol. 55.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Removal and Rebuilding the Council Chamber, Guildhall, and Gaol; " of the City of New Sarum, and for ascertaining the " Tolls of the Market, and regulating the Chairmen,

" within the said City," as requires the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of Nezv Sarum to build a new Gaol within the said City, or the Suburbs or Precincts thereof, and for authorizing the Commitment of Felons and other Persons within the Limits of the said City, and the Close thereof, to thfe Gaol-of the County of Wilts, and for explaining and amending the said Act.

Ordered, That Mr. Bouve of New Sarum do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

General Norton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Open Common Fields, Meadows and Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parishes of Byfleet and Weybridge,\n the County of , was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £.5. 16 s.4 per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also except the Owners of Estates assessed at £. 15. 13 s.4 d,per Annum, who were neuter; and also except the Owners of Estates assessed at £ 11.1 js, per Annum, who were applied to, but gave no Answer; and that the whole Property belonging to Personfc interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at £. 395. os. efl. per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Andretos reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twen-ty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bewdley, in the County of Worcester, to the several Places therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester and Salop respectively, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. Were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to divide, allot, and inclose, a certain Allotment of Enfield Chace, called The Edmonton Allotment,

7 U and

ByEcct and Wcy bridge Inclosure Bill, r .‘ported *

BewdleyRozdt Bill, repotted.

Edmonton Inclosure Bill, committed *

/ .

6z6

10

Junii.

A. 1800.

and to divide and exchange certain Common Field Lands, Waste, and Marshes, in Edmonton aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Byngt Mr. Mainwaring, he.: And they are to meet this Af-

ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

petition (at sir John William Ande reported from the Com-

Lomion Ca°t mittee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Al-Biii, reported, dermen, and Commons, of the City of , in Com-fnon Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Holmes, being examined, said, That the beneficial Effects intended to be produced by the Bill now depending, for extending the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend " an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, ttr prevent the Misbehaviour of the 4‘ Drivers of (tarts in the Streets in London,

" Jler, and the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and for other Purposes in this Act mentioned," would be considerably increased, if Provision were made therein for subjecting Unlicensed Waggons, Carts, Drays, and other Carriages, for conveying Goods belonging to the Owners thereof, within the said City and the Liberties thereof, or within a certain Distance of the fame, to the same Rules respecting the Quantities of Goods to be carried as the Licensed Carts and other Carriages are now subject to, and also if Provision were made for regulating thte Price of the Cartage or Carriage of Coals and other Articles within the Limits aforesaid, and also for limiting the Time for Night Carts, and other Carts and Carriages conveying noisome or offensive Articles, to pass through the Streets and other Places within the said City and Liberties.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for extending the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Eighteenth and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to prevent the Misbehaviour of the Drivers of Carts in the Streets in London, Wej and the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, is committed, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for subjecting Unlicensed Waggons, Carts, Drays, and other Carriages, for conveying Goods belonging to the Owners thereof ' within the City of London and Liberties thereof, or within a certain Distance of the fame, to the same Rules respecting the Quantities of Goods to be carried as the Licensed Carts and other Carriages are now subject to; and for regulating the Price of the Cartage or Carriage of Coals and other Articles within the Limits aforesaid, and also for limiting the Time of Night Carts, and other Carts and Carriages conveying noisome or offensive Articles, to pass through the Streets and other Places within the (hid City and Liberties.

Petition from A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Streetward thereunto subscribed, being the Alderman, Deputy, and agaTntt Bank Common Councilmen, of the Ward of Coleman Street, Building Bill, in the City of London, and several of the other Inhabitants of the said Ward, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Not ice of the Bill to empower the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to purchase certain Houses and Ground contiguous ' to the Bank of England, and to enable them to im-

prove certain Avenues adjacent thereto; and Setting forth. That the Alteration in Princes Street, if executed

in the Manner proposed, will totally prevent the.Prosecution of the Design for making a more convenient Communication from the North Road to Cornltill, comprized in the -Plan for general Improvement of the City, under the Direction of the Corporation of London, and intended to be effofted as Opportunity offers; and that, in order to avoid laying Part of the Garden behind'Grocers Hall into the Public Way, the said Street is proposed to be made narrower than at present, the North Entrance thereof reduced to the Width of Nine Feet or there- ' abouts, and arched over, whereby the Offices of the Bank will be detached and separated from each other, and the Public much inconvenienced; and that, if the said Street was carried to the Westward of the intended Extension of the Bank, and made of a proper Width, as intended by the Governor and Directors of the Bank of England, the Public Street through the Buildings of the Bank would be avoided, that Part of the City rendered much more commodious, and the Property of the Petitioners, in the said Ward, would not sustain Injury or Depreciation in Value; and that the said Bill contains divers other Powers and Provisions, the Effect of which would be highly injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel,

Agents, and Witnesses, against such Parts of the Bill as may be prejudicial to their Property, or otherwise affect them, and that the same may not pass into a Law, as it now Hands, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem 'meet.

Ordered, That, the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is re-committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of Petition of Ba. the Company of Bakers, of the City of London, and of fn

the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto corporate the" subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Bakers Flour Com' within the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough L°n"

of Southwark, and Bills of Mortality, and within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to incorporate certain Persons by the Name of fThe London Company " for the Manufacture of Flour, Meal, and Bread and Setting forth, That the said Bill, if passed into a Lawr, will, by the Operation thereof, deprive the Petitioners of their Trade and Livelihood, and consequently cause the total Ruin of themselves and their Families, and of all Persons dependant upon them and their Trade for Support, to the Amount of upwards of Ten Thousand Persons; and that the Petitioners have been bred up in the Trade of Bakers, and embarked all their Property therein under the Sanction and Protection of the existing Laws of the Country, and they rely with Confidence on the Justice of the House in protesting them from the Ruin threatened by the present Bill, which, formed on the very uncertain and doubtful Speculation of producing Public Good, will cause certain wide-extended Individual Mi-fery; And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Witnesses, and Counsel, against the said Bill being passed into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then- heard, by themselves, their Witnesses, and Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the fitid Bill, against the said Petition.

An

Kerry's Name Bill committed.

Wyfall Inclosure Bill, committed.

Hale, See. Inclosure Bill, passed.

Great Bolton Road Bill, passed.

Ashton, See. Road Bill,

V paOcfl.

Consideration of Lords Amendment to Southampton and Salis. bury Canal Bill, put off for i Months.

40 Geo. III. i o° Junii. 62?

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable JuJliniati Kerry, Esquire, and his Issue, to take the Surname and Arms of only, pursuant to the

Will of Jt'Jlinian Ekins, Esquire, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Re/o/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Dickins, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Wyfall, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. font, Mr. Cartwright, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Fiveof the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands in the Manors and Townships of Hale and Halewood, in the Parish of Childwall, in the County Palatine of was read

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands in the Manors and Townships of Hale and Halewood, in the Parish of Child-wall, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Gascoyne do( tarry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the South End of the Moor Lane, in the Township of Great Bolton, into the Turnpike Road from to,

near Westhoughton Chapel, all in the County Palatine of

Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading^ from the South End of the Moor Lane, in the Township of Great Bolton, into the Turnpike Road from Manchester to Wigan, near Westhoughton Chapel, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading out of the Turnpike Road from Manchesterto Wigan, at the Four' Lane Ends in Hindley, by Bamf, into the Turnpike Road from Wigan to Ashton, in the Township of in Mackerfield, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading out of the Common Highway from -Wiganto Golborn and Warrington, near the Northerly End of the Southerly Platt Bridge in Ince in Mackerfield, by Bamferlong, into the Turnpike

Road from Wigan to Ashton, in Ashton in Mackerfield, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, to the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Amendment.

And the said Amendment was again read.

Vol. 55.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Amendment be adjourned to this Day Two Months.

The House was moved That the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Southampton and Salisbury Canal, which waspresented.to the House upon the 12th Day of February last, and also the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred, might be again read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Preamble of the said Bill might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for ^5? 3ai» altering and amending an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal.

" from the Town and County of the Town of -

" ton to the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts,- *

* with a Collateral Branch to Northam, within the Liberties of the Town of Southampton;" And that Mr.

Hujfey and Mr. Bouverie of New Sarum do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Notice being taken that the Bill for dividing, allot- Hwmanby, ting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Meadows,

Pastures, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste drawn, and Grounds, within the several Manors or Townships of j^jer or' Hunmanby and Fordon, in the Parish of Hunmanby, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making Compensation in lieu of Tythe arising in, over, or upon, the fame, and in, over, and upon, certain ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township, was not properly prepared; which Bill was, upon Friday last, read the First Time, and ordered to be read a Second Time;

Ordered, That the Order, made upon Friday last, for the Second Reading of the said Bill, be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to present a proper Bill instead thereof.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee on, Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend (b much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts in Westminster Hall, and also of the Lords of Sc flion, Lords Commissioners of Judiciary, and Barons of Exchequer, in Scotland, as relates to the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts of Session, Judiciary, and Exchequer, in Scotland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto } which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Importation ot Thirty-sixth. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing the Importation of Ar- fidered.

" row Root from the British Plantations, and also of " Linseed Cakes and Rape Cakes from any Foreign " Country, in British-built Ships, owned, navigated, and registered, according to Law, without Payment, of " Duty," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itfelfintoa Committee of the whole House, -to consider of so much of the said Act as permits the Importation of Linseed Cakes and Rape Cakes in British-built Ships without Payment of Duty.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Importation Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling Sonof Con£ " His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and permit to be confi *

" the dfrtd-

628

lo° Junii.

A. 1800.

the Importation, of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision without Payment of Duty, to continue in Force until Six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament," might be read.

And the same Was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made'in th is present Session of Parliament intituled, "An Act " to continue, until the Twentieth Day of February One " thousand Eight hundred, several Laws relating to the " Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce " Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces; to the etnpowering His Majesty to accept the Services of such " Parts of the Militia of this Kingdom as may offer to " serve in Ireland; to the Admission of certain Articles " of Merchandize in "Neutral Ships, and the issuing i>f " Orders in Council for that Purpose; to the authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the " Trade to The Cape of Good Hope; to the establishing " Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland; " to the enabling His Majesty to permit Goods to be " imported into this Kingdom in Neutral Ships; and to " continue, until the Thirtieth Day of September One " thousand Eight hundred, an Act of the last Session of " Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to prohibit the " Exportation, and permit the Importation, of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty," might be read. And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said first mentioned Act, and of so much of the last mentioned Act, as relates to the Importation apd Exportation of Corn.

Dutch Proper. The House was moved. That an Act, made in the considered? Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering effectual His Majesty's " Orders in Council of the Sixteenth and Twenty-first Days of January One thousand Seven hundred and

Ninety-five, respecting the Admission of the Effects " mentioned in the said Orders into the Ports of this " Country to be warehoused; and for indemnifying all w Persons who have acted in Consequence of such Orders might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That another Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to make further Provision " respecting Ships and Effects come into this Kingdom " to take the Benefit of His Majesty's Ordqrs in Council of the Sixteenth and Twenty-first Days of January " One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, and to provide for the Disposal of other Ships and Effects " detained in, or brought into, the Ports of this Kingdom," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to indemnify all Persons who " have acted in Consequence of Orders in Council, ifsued since the Twenty-second Day of November One " thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, for the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral " Ships; and to authorize the issuing of Orders in Council for the like Purpose, for a limited Time," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

cliu/'s" Mr. Buxton, according to Order, reported from the

Duti«. amp Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of exempting certain Grants, Conveyances, and Assurances, under the Seal of the Duchy of Lancaster,

from the several Startip Duties granted since the Nine teenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign; and who were instructed to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year, of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty eertaih Stamp Duties on the several Matters " therein mentioned, and for better securing the Duties " on Certificates to be taken out by'Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts of Justice " in Great Britain," as relates to the Duties ofi Copies of Indentures, Leases, or other Deeds; and also to consider of extending the Duties now payable by Notaries practising in any Court to all Persons acting as Notaries Public, or exefeifing the Office of Notaries, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That certain Grants, Conveyances, and Assurances, of certain Rents within the Survey of the Chancellor and Council of His Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster, under the Seal of the said Duchy, which were by an Act, passed in' the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, exempted from any Stamp Duties granted by any Act or Acts then in Force, should also be exempted from the several Stamp Duties granted since the passing of the said Act.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Stamp Duty of Six Shillings and Eight Pence, granted by an Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Copies of Indentures, Leases, or other Deeds, or Parts thereof, should cease and determine, except as to Copies which shall be made for, or for the Security or Use of, any or either of the Parties to the same Indenture, Lease, or other Deed, not having the Custody of the Original, or a Duplicate or Counterpart thereof, or in lieu of the same Indenture, Lease, or other Deed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of Six Pence upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which the Copy of any Indenture, Lease, or other Deed, or any Part thereof, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, where such Copy shall be made for, or for the Security or Use of, any Person or Persons other than any or either of the Parties to the same Indenture, Lease, or other Deed, not having the Custody of the Original, or a Duplicate or Counterpart thereof, or where such Copy shall not be made in lieu of any such Indenture, Lease, or other Deed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Persons who shall act as Notaries Public, orexercise the Office of Notaries, shall take out Certificates in like Manner as Notaries practising in any Court, and pay the Duties chargeable thereon.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Buxton, Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Wareham, in the County of Dorset, in the room of Sir Godfrey W Baronet, deceased.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty -seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu " thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together

" with

Wareham

Writ.

Report of Duties on Kid Skint *

40 Geo. III. i o° Junii.

" with the other Duties composing fjie Public Revenue;

" for permitting the Importation of certain Goods,

" Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufecture of the European Dominions of the King,

" into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt," as relates to the Duties and Drawbacks on Kid Skins imported into or tawed in Great

tain, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his 1 Place; and afterwards delivered in at the plerk's Table:

Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolveci, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Eight Shillings and Four Pence, Part of the Duty of Customs payable on every One Hundred of Kid Skins in the Hair imported into this Kingdom, together with

- a proportionable Part of the Drawback of the Duty of Customs allowed on the Exportation thereof, do cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is' the Opinion of this Committee, That the Exemption from the Duty of Excise for all Kid Skins, which paid the Duty of Customs on the Importation thereof, be repealed.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Mr. Rose, and Mr.

- Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Report of Du. Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the of The' Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred

Cape of Good to consider of the Duties and Drawbacks on Wine and Spirits, the Produce of The Cape of Good Hope, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Wine, the Produce of The Cape of Good Hope, or the Territories or Dependencies thereof, imported into, or exported from, this Kingdom, shall be subject to the like Duty, and entitled to the same Drawback, as Portugal Wine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Spirits, the Produce of The Cape of Good Hope, or the Territories or Dependencies thereof, imported into, or exported from, this Kingdom, shall be subject to the like Duty, and entitled to the same Drawback, as Rum

- or Spirits, the Produce of the' British Plantations in the West Indies.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second - Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

t

Lancaster Mr. Newbolt presented to the House, according to

Court of Com- Order, a Bill for the better regulating the Practice, and

wion PleasBil), r 9 . , _b & r i 9 r

presented. for preventing Delays in the Proceedings, of the Court of Common Pleas at Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon ThursdayMorning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the East India last' Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for permitring certain Goods, imported from the East Indies, dered.C°" *

" to be warehoused; and for repealing the Duties now " payable thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu " thereof," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House drill, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; to consider of removing Doubts arising from the Construe-tion of the said Act. *

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the'last Scotch Distil-Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, krjl>utic»

" until the Tenth Day of November One thousand Eight considered.

" hundred, and amend an Act, passed in the present " Session of Parliament, for continuing an Act of the " last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty " additional Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of " the Highlands of Scotland, for a limited Time; and " for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the rel^ective Districts in Scotland; and for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Spirits distilled " for Consumption, and a Duty on unmalted Grain " used in Distillation in Scotland," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

A Motion being made, That the ingrafted Bill for di- King' Con. viding, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Lands, in ' £"1 &cYin' the Parishes of Yfceifing and Namerch, in the County of cloiire Bill" Flint, and in the Manor of Penbedw, in the said Parish of Nannerch, in the County of Denbigh, be now read the Third Time;

The Lord Hawkesbury, (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the'House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time. Bill read the

Ordered, That the further Proceeding upon the Third Third Tim . Reading of the said Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed that Mr. Butt (Treasurer Account, of to The Veterinary College)attended at the Door, he was ^'^inary called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House> pur- rented. ' suant to their Order,

An Account of the Grants of Parliament in Aid of The Veterinary College, during the Years 1795, 1796.

1797, 1798, and 1799: And also.

An Account of the Receipt and Expenditure of The Veterinary College, for the Year ending 22d February 1800: And also.

An Account of the Debts of The Veterinary College,

22d February 1800.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth;

VOL. 55.

- 7 X An.

0

1

630 i o° Junii, . 1800 *

An ACCOUNT of the Grants made by Parliament in Aid of The Veterinary College, during the Years

1795» 796> »797> 1798 and 1799.

Amount of Five Grants, each £. 1,500 Reduced by Fees -

£ 7,500 ——

- 792 12 6

£. s.

6>7°7 7

dm

6

Paid to sundry Tradesmen and others - - - - £.4,312 16 4

Applied during Five Years in necessary Repairs and Improvements of the

College Premises, and in Aid of the Establishment r 1,332 9 4

Balance to be applied towards the Discharge of the Loan of £. 4,081. borrowed in the Year 1792; and for certain Additions to the College,

Plans and Estimates of which have been procured, but which have not

been effected on Account of the present High Prices of Materials - - 1,062 1 10

£. s. d. 6,707 7 6

J. Butty Treasurer. 22d February 1800.

An ACCOUNT of the Receipt and Expenditure of The Veterinary for the Year ending

22d February 1800.

Received r £. r. d Paid:

By Subscriptions - 789 5 2 To Rent, Taxes, Repairs, and Infu- £ dm

Stable Accounts .- i»573 6 7- rance - - - — 636 13 6

Forge Accounts - 211 6 — Salaries 662 13 3

Balance, by the Amount of which Stable Accounts, including Fo-

the Expenditure has exceeded rage, Medicines, and the Week-

the Receipt - -« CO ly Wages of, Grooms and

/ Watchmen - - - 1,734 3 2

/ Forge Accounts, including Ma-

/ 1 terials, Coals, and the Weekly

/ Wages of Smiths 203 1 0

/ Incidental Expences not charge-

/ ' able to any of the preceding Ar-

/ ticles, as Advertisements, Port-

/ s age, Printing, Stationary, &c. - 55 i3 *

3,292 10 2 £ 3,292 10 2

J. Butt, Treasurer.

22d February 1800.

An ACCOUNT of the Debts of The Veterinary College, 22d February 1800.

To certain Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others, being the Amount lent towards the Buildings Sundry Tradesmen and others

Total of Debts in 1795

£.4,081 ——

5>°93 4 4

£. s. d.

9> 74 4 4

Paid sundry Tradesmen and others - - - £.4,312 16 4

Saved by Composition with certain of the Creditors - 1,144 — —

Balance to be applied towards the Discharge of the Loan of £. 4,081. borrowed in the Year 1792 j and for certain Additions to the College, Plans and Estimates of which have been procured, but which have not been effected on Account of the present High Prices of Materials - - 1,062

1 10

Total of present Debts -

- L

2 2d February 1800.

J. Butt, Treasurer.

6,518 18 3 2,655 *

Ordered,

40 Geo. III.

0 *

ro junii.

631

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Committee or. Duties on Wort brewed from Melasses, &c.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. Walker:

Mi. Speaker,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Hqufe The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, to consider of so much of an Act, made in this present for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prohibit, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of " until the First Day of March One thousand Eight without any Amendment: And all'o,

" hundred, the making of Low Wines or Spirits from The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act " Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence from any Meal, Flour, or Bran, in that Part of to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the

iting' Con-lent to Walton upon Thame inclohire BiW,

Bill, passed.

Account of Sinecure Offices, ordered.

The Lords have agreed to

LondonDocks, &c. Bill *

Ruthin and Meld Road Bill.

as relates to the Duties made from Melasses or

" Great Britain called Scotland, upon Wort or Wash brewed or Sugar, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the (Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. 4

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they County had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him also, tp report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of , in the County of Denbigh, to the Town of Mold, in the of Flinti without any Amendment: And

A Motion being made, That the ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Walton upon Thames, and the Manor of Walton Leigh, in the County of be now read the

Third Time;

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, At) Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Waste Lands, in the Pat ilh of Note ark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Nevark upoti Trent In<jo-sure Bill.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's of the Crime of Adultery;

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Adulrtry But, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^hreeMonths upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Punishment, and more effectual Prevention,

Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Walton upon,

and the Manor of Walton Leigh, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That General Norton do cafry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

(Mr. Elf ord: )

ry, , r xt (Sir Gilbert HeathcoU,) Tellers for the Noes, }Mr . }‘43-

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Months, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before tins House, An Account of all Sinecure Offices, together with those where the Duty is performed by Deputies, which were held by Patent or otherwise, in Great Britain, that have become vacant since the Appointment of the Committee of Finance in April 1797, with the Emoluments ap- ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee, pertaining to each, and the Department to which they specifically belong; distinguishing such as have fallen in A Bill to allow the Use of Sugar in the brewing of and become a Saving to the Public Revenue, from those Beer, for a Time to be limited, was, according to Order, to which Persons have been since appointed, specifying read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of William M'Dcwall, Esquire, and also the Petition of the Executors of Charles Ashwdl, deceased, and William Johnflone, late of

the Iflantl of Grenada, Esquire, were tew rally referred; Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

Committee on Mr. ]VlcDow-all's Report,

dctciTcd.

Motion for Account of Public IVIon^jr advanced for Soup Kltab-strhmervts.

Keg.

the Names of the Persons so appointed, the Date of such Appointment, the Period for which it has been made, and the Emolument thereof, and what other Emoluments are held by Pensions or other Offices by such Persons.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That there be laid before this House, an Account of any Sum or Sums of Public Money which may have been advanced in Aid of any Sopp Establishment within the Metropolis since the lft of September 1799}

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

i Mr. Robson,

I Mr. Hob house: ‘ 5 *

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bill to allow the Ul'eot Su4 par in brewing Beer, committed.

Tellers for the Yeas,

1

Tellers for the Noes,}7?e p°Id J g

'(Mr. Rose:_>

So it passed in the Negative. Vol. 55.

A Bill for extending the Powers of the Commissioners Tax named in an Act, made in this present Session of Parlia- f^dTmnityEUi ment, intituled, "An Act for appointing Commission- committed.

" ers to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and u Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of " Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar,

" Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year " One thousand Eight hundred, together with those " named in Two former Acts for appointing Commis-a " sioners

Bakers Indemnity Bill, committed.

h

Bill respecting Hides and Skins, deferred.

Committee on Report of Earl of ErrolPs Petition, deferred.

Bristol and Berkeley, See. Roads BtJ!# paised.

io° — 11° Junii.

A. 1800.

" sioners of the Land Tax,' for indemnifying such Persons named in the said Act as have acted as Commissioners of the Land Tax; and for rendering valid certain Acts done by them, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to authorize Bakers and other Persons to sell Bread to His Majesty's Forces on their March which shall not have been baked Twenty-four Hours; and to indemnify all Persons by whom such Bread may have been so fold, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

«. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the First Year of King James the First, as prohibits the Use of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes; and for better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the flaying thereof;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being, read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Carr, Earl

of Err oil. Lord High Constable of , was re-

ferred.

Ordered, That the Marquis of have Leave

to make a Motion, it being near Eleven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly: And, . '

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for amending the Road from the Nine Mile Stone on the Bristol Road, at or near a Place called Clay Pits, to or near the Chapel at Stone, and also the Roads to or near Berkeley, Our fey, PVott onStroud, and

Sodbury, and several other Roads in the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts, except so far as the said Act relates to the Roads to and near Sodbury aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for amending the Road from the Nine Mile Stone on the Brifol Road, at or near a Place called The Clay Pits, to or near the Chapel at Stone, and also the Roads to or near Berkeley, Durfey, Wotton-under-edge, Stroud, artd Sodbury, and several other Roads in the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts, except so far as the said Act relates to the Roads to and near Sodbury aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Marquis of Worcester do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 110die Junii', .

Anno 40 Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1800. Prayers.

MR. Hujj'eypfefented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for altering and amending an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, to‘the City of Ntzv " Sarttm, in the County of Wilts, with a Collateral Branch

" to Northam, within the Liberties of the Town of " Southampton And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John William Anderson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Frederick William Wtfinghaufen: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend, explain, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of Kxngjames the First, intituled, "An Act for " the recovering of Small Debts, and for the relieving of " Poor.Debtors, in Condon," and an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the above mentioned Act, and likewise for extending tire Powers of the Court of Requestsin the City of London, in and by the said Two several Acts continued and established, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Small Debt Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir John William Anderson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Charles Gotthold Nicolay: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John William Anderson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Godfrey Bencken: And the same was received; and read the

First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Master Bakers of the City of minfer, and Liberties thereof, and others, on Behalf of themselves and others, Bakers within the said City and Liberties, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to incorporate certain Persons by the Name of " The London Company for the Manufacture " of Flour, Meal, and Bread and Setting forth, That the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will deprive the Petitioners of their Trade and Livelihood, and consequently cause the total Ruin of themselves and their Families, and

of

Southampton and Salisbury Canal Bill, presented *

WWtingbau-fen's Nat. Bill, presented.

London Small Debts Bill re potted.

Nicolay's Nat. Bill presented.

Bencken't Nat. Bill, fented.

Petition of Bakers of Westminster, against the Bill to incorporate the Flour Company of London.

Jervoise Estate Bill, reported >iui passed.

Yfceifing, &c. Inclosure Kill, passed.

40 Geo. III.

ii(

yunii.

633

of all Persons dependant upon them and their Trade for Support, to the Amount of upwards of Ten Thousand Persons; and that the Petitioners have been bred up in the Trade of Bakers, and embarked all their Property therein under the Sanction and Protection of the existing Laws, and they rely with Confidence on the Justice of the House, in protesting them from the Ruin threatened by the present Bill, which, formed on the very uncertain and doubtful Speculation of producir.g-Public Good, will cause certain wide-extended Individual Ruin: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Witnesses, and Counsel, against the said Bill, being passed into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to whom the-ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estates deviled by the Will of Trijiram Huddlestone Jervoise, Esquire, in Trustees, to be

fold, and for laying out the Money to arise therefrom, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, vvas'committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties con-cfcrned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and 'that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Geary do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Lands in the Parishes of Yfceifing and nerch, in the County of Flinand in the Manor of Penbedw, in the said Parish of Nannerch, in the County of Denbigh, be now read.

.And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the said adjourned Proceeding.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, For making an Allowance to the Assistant Commissioner.

And the said Cl^ife was Twice read with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 1. 1. 20. After Majesty" to insert " in Right

" of His Crown."

Pr. 6. ' 1. 36. After " Approbation" to insert " in " Writing."

1.37- To leave out from " Commissioner" to " and" in Pr. 7. 1. 6.

Pr. 9. I.13. After " aforesaid" to insert " to the

" Assistant Commissioner to be " appointed as aforesaid, or, if " such Commissioner shall not . " have been appointed, then."

1. 28. After " been" to insert " lent to " the said Assistant Commissioner or."

Pr. 34. 1. 6. After " Approbation" to insert " in

" Writing."

1.14. To leave out " contain" and insert " be equal in Value to" instead thereof.

Pr. 36. 1. 2. To leave out " or in" and insert

V01. 55.

- " the respective Remainders of"

instead thereof,

Pr. 36. 1. 3. After " Lands" to insert " exclusive

" of the Allotments to be made " to the King's Majesty."

Pr. 41. I.21. At the End of the Line to add "and

" by the said Assistant Commisfioner in respect of the Allotments to be made to the King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors."

Pr. 44. 1. 32. After " respectively" to insert " except the King's Majesty, His " Heirs and Successors."

Pr. 45. -1.12. After " Allotments" to insert "except as aforesaid."

And the said Amendments were; upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands in the Parish of Yfceifing, in the County of Flint, and in the Parish of Nannerch, in the Counties of Flint and Denbigh.

Ordered, That Mr. Williams Wynn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That - Mr. Williams Wynn do make the Re- whitford In-port from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, cloture Bill, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Landsand Marshes, rePor, ed in the Parish of Whitford, in the County of Flint, and for fencing the said Marshes, was committed.

Mr. Williams Wynn accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that thp Scanding Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined tire Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;' and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of an Estate, of the Annual Value of £.80, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is of the Annual Value of f.5,234; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and' that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and -made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition of thereto subscribed, Owners and Occupiers of Mills, Millers, Mealmen, and others, concerned in the Flour Trade, eorpomethe was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice flouj ComP»-of the Bill to incorporate certain Persons by the Name nyo Lon<,0° of " The London Company for the Manufacture of " Flour, Meal, and Bread ;"and Setting forth. That the granting such a Charter of Incorporation will materially affect and depreciate Mill Property in general, particularly those Mills employed in the grinding of Com, which are of great Value: That it will be ruinous to the Interest and Property of all Persons engaged in the Supply of th t London Market, without any possible Advantage thereto: That it will tend to destroy the wide and' general Competition which is the best Security to the Public for a regular and ample Supply upon reasonable Terms, and, by the Erection of One great and overwhelming Monopoly, will lead to Consequences of the most dangerous and pernicious Nature: And therefore

7 Y praying,

Second reeling ot Bill, dc-luird.

Clo'rcdtT Jnd Bristol Road Bid, u-poiud *

Bedford Level (i-ouith Dil-ti\&.) Drainage Bill, commit-tc.L 4 -

Gloucelltr and Stroud Rond Bill) reported *

Lords Amendment to Hock-litYe and Woburn Road Bill agreed to *

n° Junii. A. 1800.

praying, That they may be heard at the Bar of the House against the said Bill, by themselves, their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses; and that the said Bill may not pals into a Law.

Ordered That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be real a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Monday last, for reading the said Bill a Second Time, upon Friday Morning next, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

'Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road from a certain Bridge over a Brook or Stream called Suiibrook, near the City of to the Nine

Mile Stone on the Bristol Road,- at or near a Place called The Clay Pits, in the County of was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were -Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for better draining and preserving the Lands and Grounds in the Fourth District: of the North Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called and for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, lo far as relates to the said Fourth District, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Ycrke, General Adeane, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. - -

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty', for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Gloucesterto the Town of Stroud, in the County of Gloucester, 'was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put there^ upon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, 4

the Term, and altering and enlargingule Powers, of several Acts, passed for amending the Highway between Hock/ijfc and IVoburn, in the County of Bedford, and for repairing the Road leading through to Tukjord

Bridge, in Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 12. 1. 2. Leave out " hereby" and insert

" now."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Adair do carry the" Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

A Motion being made, That the ingrossed Bill for King's Con-dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Com- fe‘u to mon Fields, Common or Commonable Meadows, Paf- fui^BiiK ° tures. Lands and Grounds, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of be now

read the Third Time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Bill, paired Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open, and Common Fields, Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands and Grounds, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. John Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing and embellishing the Blocmfoury Centre, or Area, of a certain Square, intended to be called improvement Russell Square, purposed to be made in the Parish of Bl11'palleJ Saint George, Bloomsbury, in the County of and for forming and making the same into a Pleai'ure Ground, and for continuing and keeping the same in Repair, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the 'Title be, An Act for inclosing and embellishing the Centre, or Area, of a certain Square, intended to be called Ruffek Square, purposed to be made in the Parish of George,

B/oomfbury, in the County of hlidd/ejeand for forming and njaking the same into a Pleasure Ground, and for continuing and keeping the same in Repair.

Ordered, That Mr. Adair do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for cleansing, lighting, watching, \va- panera, p1T_ tering, and otherwise improving, and keeping in Repair, i»g. &c. Bill, fuel) Parts of certain Streets, called Gower , Upper Gower Street, Francis Street, Thornhaugh Street, and Upper

Thornhaugh Street, and the Public Passages and Places adjoining thereto, as are formed and made upon certain Pieces or Plots of Ground belonging to the most Noble Francis Duke of Bedford, within the Parish of Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, and for forming, paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise improving, and keeping in Repair, the Streets,

Squares, and other Public Passages and Places, which are

and shall be made upon certain other Pieces or Plots of

Ground, in the said Parish of Saint Pancras, belonging

to the said Francis Duke of Bedford, was read the Third

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act; for forming, paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise improving, and keeping in Repair, the Streets, Squares, and other Public Passages and Places, which are and shall jbe made upon

certain

40 Geo. III.

11

Junii.

635

Address of Irish Parliament, prc-fen ted.

Certain Pieces or Plots of Ground, in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of , belonging to the

most Noble Francis Duke of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. Adair do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Copy of Address of both Houses of the Parliament of Ireland to the King — 9th June 1800.

And the Title of the said Address was read.

And the said Address was also read; and is as followeth ,viz.

To the KING'S Most Excellent MAJESTY.

The humble Address of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We Your Majesty's Most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to acquaint Your Majesty, That we have agreed to the Countervailing Duties which were agreed to by the Two Houses of the Parliament of Great Britain, as necessary to be imposed on Articles the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of this Kingdom, imported into Great , and which were

laid before Your Majesty by their Joint Address of the 27th of Mav lait.

(Signed) JOHN GAYER, Cler. Pari.

G. F. HILL, Cler. Dom. Com.

Ordered, That the said Address do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Reportrespect- Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Wort brt ved Committee of the whole House, to whom it was refer-from MeUiTcs, red to consider of so much of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prohibit, " until the First Day of March One thousand Eight " hundred, the making of Low Wines or Spirits from " Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or " from any Meal, Flour, or Bran, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotlandas relates to the Duties upon Wort or Wash brewed or made from Melaflesor Sugar, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as f.dloweth;

Rcjo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that lo much of the said Act as relates to reducing the Duties upon Wort or Wash made from Meiaffis or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, which was to continue in Force until the 1 ft Day of 1S00, should be revived and continued.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, tipon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Mr. RoJ'e, and Mr.

Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Petition of Paper Company, for Leave to present a Petition.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, interestecl in an intended Manufactory, to be called, " The Regenerating Paper Company," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That Matthias Koops being in Possession of a Discovery or Invention for extracting printing and writing Ink from printed and written Paper, and converting the Paper, from which the Ink is extracted, into Pulp, and making thereof Paper fit for writing, printing, and other Purposes, and for the foie and exclusive Exercise of which Discovery or Invention within that Part of Great Britain called,

His Majesty's Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for the Term of Fourteen Years, His Ma-

VX)L. 5.5.

jesty has been graciously pleased to grant His Letters Patent unto the said Matthias Koops. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, dated at , the 28th

Day of April last, and which Discovery the Petitioners conceive, from the present Scarcity of Rags, and con-lequently enormous Advance in the Price of Paper, is deferring of the Countenance and Support of the House; and that the Petitioners are desirous of carrying the said Invention and Discovery into Effect, by establishing Manufactories for that Purpose, but such Manufactories cannot be established without great Risk in the Undertaking, and without a very large Expence, nor can be conveniently carried on unless a considerable Joint Stock is raised for that Purpose; and that the establishing, and carrying into Effect, such a Manufactory, is the more desirable, as every Year renders the Difficulty of obtaining Paper of all Descriptions greater, and, it is much to be apprehended, that, if this Invention should not be so far encouraged as to be prosecuted with Effect, the Business of Printing, and particularly that of Newspapers, must be, in a great Degree, discontinued, the Exportation of Paper be totally annihilated, and of course the Revenue suffer a considerable Diminution, unlc-fs some other Substitute to use for a Raw Material can be resorted to j and that the Petitioners further submit, that in case the said Manufactories shall be established and carried into Effect, the Wade Paper which is now bought up by Grocers, Tobacconists, Cheesemongers, and others, will be rc-manufactured, and those Persons be obliged to use coavte new manufactured Paper, which will of Necessity greatly increase the Public Revenue; and that the Petitioners, and several other Persons, have a!readvagreed to form themselves into a Society, and to raise a Capital Stock of £.25.000, for the Purpose of establishing and carrying on the said Manufactory, but they are apprehen-five that, under the restrictive Provisoes contained in the said Letters Patent, no more than Five Persons can carry on the said Manufactory, or be jointly interested therein, without Forfeit lire of the Liberties and Advantages guaranteed by the said Letters Patent; and that great Difficulties may arise, as well in recovering Debts which may grow due to the Proprietors of the said Manufactory, as also in defending Suits or Actions which may be brought against them for any Matter or Thing relative to the said Manufactory, as by Law all the several Proprietors and Subscribers to the said Manufactory must in such same both sue and be sued, implead and be impleaded, by their several and distinct Names and Descriptions; and also, that many Persons who are not now liable to become Bankrupts within the Intent and Meaning of any of the Laws now in Force concerning Bankrupts, are likewise fearful of subscribing Money to carry on the said Manufacture, as by becoming Subscribers to, and Part Owners thereof, they may be liable tohave Commissions of Bankrupt issued against them as Traders, unless incorporated by Act of Parliament; and that the Petitioners, conceiving that the said Discovery and Invention could not be considered as complete before the Ink had been extracted from considerable Quantities of waste, written, and printed Paper, and the same rc-manufactured again intoPaperfit for Use, which has been done; but, from the Time necessarily occupied in inch Trials, the Petitioners have been unable to bring the said Invention or Discovery to such a State of Perfection as to justify their present Application to the House before the Time limited by the House for receiving Petitions for Private Bills was ex-

o # 9

pired: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to exhibit a Petition for Leave to bring in a Bill to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, and to extend to them the Rights, Privileges, and Advantages contained in the said Letters Patent granted by His Majesty to the said Matthias Koops as aforesaid, and aUo giving proper Powers for the Purpose of establishing One or more Manufactory or Manufactories within the Kingdom of Great , for the Purpose of extracting printing and writing Ink from printed

and

Leave given.

Petition pre-fcntedb

Scilih Judges BU, reported.

Committee on Importation of Liniced Cakes, &c.

636 it,

and written Paper, and converting t!ie 'Paper from which the Ink is extracted into Pulp, and for making thereof Paper fit for writing, printing, and other Purposes, and for the more effectually supporting and conducing the fame, in such Manner, and subject to such Restrictions, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That, in Confederation of the particular Cif-cumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired.

Then a Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, interested in an intended Manufactory, to be called " The Regenerating Paper Company," was presented to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations as the preceding Petition; and praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, and to extend to them the Rights, Privileges, and Advantages, contained in the said Letters Patent granted by His Majesty to the said. Matthias Koops as aforesaid, and also giving proper Powers for the Purpose of establishing One or more Manufactory or Manufactories within the Kingdom of Great Britain, for the Purpose of extracting printing and writing Ink from printed and written Paper, and converting the Paper from which the Ink is extracted into Pulp, and for making thereof Paper fit for writing printing and other Purposes, and for the more effectually supporting and conducting the fame, in such Manner, and under and subject to such Re-ItriCtioQS, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall (earn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the last Session -of Parliament, for the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts in Westminfi Hall, and also of the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Judiciary, and Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, as relates to the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts of Session, Judiciary, and Exchequer, in Scotland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for allowing the Importation of Arrow Root " from the British Plantations, and also of Linseed Cakes " and Rape Cakes from any Foreign Country, in Britishbuilt Ships, owned, navigated, and regidered, according to Law, without Payment of Duty," as permits the Importation of Linseed Cakes and Rape Cakes in British-built Ships without Payment of Duty, be now read.

funii. 1806.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion, made upon Friday lad, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill concerning the Dif-position of certain Real and 'Personal Property of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and also of the Real and Personal Property of Her Majesty, and of the Queen tonfort for the Time being, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account of the Total Net Produce of the Permanent Taxes for the Year ending the 5th of 1800; distinguishing'

each Quarter, and the Duties imposed in the Years

1793».1794> 1795> 796> 1797> 1798. 1799» and 1800> be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for providing a Workhouse for the Use of the Parish of Aldbourne, in the County of Wilts, and for appointing an additional Overseer for the better Government of the Poor of the said Parish, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waites, in the Vills or Hamlets of High Egbrough, Low Egbrough, Sherwood, Hutgreen, and Tranmoor, in the Parish of in

the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, and also the Waste Lands and Grounds, within the several Parishes of Felt-

ham, and Sunbury, in the county of ; with

some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the Tenants for Life, under the Will of the late William Wright, Esquire, to convey in Fee, or grant, Leases for long Terms of Years, for the Purpose of building, of Part of the Estates devised by the said Will, in the Counties Palatine of Chester and , to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House t And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Estates in the Parishes of , Great

Ponton, and Kirton, in the County of devised by the Will of the Reverend William , Doctor in

Divinity, and for laying out the Money arising by Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the tame Uses, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have paired a Bill, intituled, An Act to restrain all Trusts and Directions in Deeds or Wills whereby the Profits or Produce of Real or Personal

Estate

Commitrteon Motion for a Bill concerning the Property of His Majesty, Set, deferred.

Account of Permanent ( Taxes, to be printed.

The Lords have ag; ted to

Aldbourne Poor Bill *

Egbrough, &c. Inclosuie Bdf.

Hanworth, Sec, Inclosure B.tl, with Amendments.

The Lords have paiVcd Wright's Estate Bill.

RaftalPs Estate Bill.

Deeds and Wills Reduction Bill.

Papists Billy committed.

Deed and Wills Rettric-tion Bill> read.

Committee on Importation nd Exportation of Com *

reported.

Bill ordered.

New Windsor Roads Billy deferred.

40 Geo. III. ii° Junti. 637

Estate shall be accumulated, and the beneficial Enjoyment thereof postponed beyond the Time therein limited} to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to relieve, upon Conditions, and under Restrictions, the " Persons therein described, from certain Penalties and " Disabilities to which Papists, or Persons professing the " PopiJJi Religion, are by Law subject," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to restrain all Trulls and Directions in Deeds or Wills, whereby the Profits or Produce of Real or Personal Estate shall be accumulated, and the beneficial Enjoyment thereof postponed beyond the Time therein limited, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and permit the Importation, of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision without Payment of Duty, to " continue in Force until Six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament and allb, of so much of ap Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, for continuing the said Act, together with several other Acts therein mentioned, as relates to the Importation and Exportation of Corn, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That he

was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing and amending an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and permit the Importation, of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty.

And Mr. Bragge moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing and amending an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and permit thfe Importation, of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Ryder, and the Lord do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for making, maintaining, and

VOL. 55.

keeping in Repair, a Road from the Town of New Windsor, in the County of Berks, through the Parishes of

Datchet and Horton, in the County of Bucks, and and Harmondsworth, in the County of to or

near a Bridge called High Bridge, near Longford, in the said County of Middlesex;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of several Acts, made in the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill further to continue, for a Time to be limited, several Acts relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose.

And Mr. Bragge moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill further to continue, for a Time to be limited, several Acts relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the ifiTuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose: And that Mr. Bragge and Mr. Ryder do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of William Carr, Earl of Errol/, Lord High Constable of Scotland, was referred, be. now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.'

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the' House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to discharge, from a disputed and dormant Claim of the Public, several Estates belonging to the Right honourable William Carr, Earl of Erroll, Lord High Constable of Scotland.

And Mr. Bragge moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to discharge, from a disputed and dormant Claim of the Public, several Estates belonging to the Right honourable William Carr, Earl of Erroll, Lord High Constable of Scotland: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. William Dundas, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better settling cf Disputes between Matters and Mistresses of Families and their Menial or Domestic Servants, be now read.

7 Z , And

Committee cm Dutch Property Acts.

reported.

BUI ordered#

Committee on Report of Eru 1 of Erroll's Petition.

reported.

Bill ordered.

Proceedings on Bill for settling Disputes between Matters and Servants.

638 ii° — 12° ^.1800.

Earl of Guilford's Estate Bill, reported, and patted.

Hunmanby, hr. Inclosure Bill, presented *

Kirk by Inclosure Bill, patted.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair.

And Notice being taken that Forty Members were not present, the House was told by Mr. Speaker; and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, without a Quefliort first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovts, 12° die Junii J

Anno 40 Georgii III. U Regis, 1800. Prayers.

MR. Douglas reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for more effectually veiling and facilitating the railing of a Sum of Ten Thousand Pounds, which, by the Settlement of the Family Estates of the Right honourable George AEarl of was provided for the Portions of his Younger Children, in and for the Benefit of the Honourable Lady Maria North (.the only Child of the said Earl by the Right honourable Maria Countess of his late Wife)

if Ihe shall live to attain the Age of Twenty-one Years, or to be married, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Conient to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Douglas do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the several Manors or Townships of Hunmanby and Fordon, in the Parish of Hunmanby, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making Compensation in lieu of Tythe, arising in, over, or upon the fame, and in, over, ancf upon certain ancient inclosed Lands in the same Townships: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, the Open Arable Fields, Stinted Pastures, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Kearby, otherwise other-

wife Kirby-cum-Netherby, in the Parish of Kirkby-Overblow, in the West Riding of the County of was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, the Open Arable Fields, Stinted Pallures, Common Padures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Town ship of Kearby, otherwise Kirkby, otherwise Kirby-cum-Netherby, in the Parish of Kirkby-Overblow, in the Wed Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lords Amcnd-Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, en, ts 10 .

r 7 . J . 7 7 Carlton and

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Cimbicsforth Common Fields, Ings, Marshes, Common, Common- lnc|o<"re Bilk able Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and gret ,0' Township of Carlton, in the Parish of Snaitk, and the Manor and Township of Camblesforth, in the Parish of Dr ax, in the Wed Riding of the County of York.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 30. 1. 9. Leave out the Clause (A.) annexed tar the Bill, and insert another Clause marked (A.)

Clause (A.) " And whereas it is apprehended, that " by making the Works of Drainage, in pursuance of this Act,

" some of the Lands or Estates,

" within the Township of Barlow,

"may be injured in a greater Degree than benefited; Be it therefore Enacted, That in case George " Thompson, Esquire, Lord of the " Manor of Barlow, or any future " Lord or Lords of the said Manor,

" or any Owner or Owners of such " Lands or Estates, or any Perl'on " or Persons on their or his Behalf, shall, before the Execution " of the Award of the said Commissioners, be of Opinion, that any " of the Lands or Estates within " the said Town drip of Barlow, are or will be more injured than benefited by the Works of Drainage " as aforesaid, and that a Clough,

" Bank, or other Protection ought " to be made for the Defence of the " said Lands or Estates, or any of " them, then and in such Case, and " from Time to Time, prior to the " Execution of the said Award, it " shall be lawful for such Lord or " Lords, Owner or Owners, or such " Person or Persons on their or his " Behalf, to cause Notice thereof in Writing, under his or their " Hand or Hands, to be given to " or left at the House of the said " Thomas Stapleton, at Carlton aforesaid, Lord of the said Manors of " Carlton and Camblesforth, or to or " at the House of any future Lord " or Lords of the said Manors, when " and in which same respectively " the said Matters shall be referred " to the Arbitration of Two indifferent Persons, One to be chosen " by or on Behalf of each Party,

" within One Calendar Month next " after the Delivery of such Notice;

" and in case the Lord or Lords of " the said Manors of Carlton and " Camblesforth, shall within that " Time neglect to chuse such One " Person, then the Arbitrator appointed by the Lord or Lords of " the said Manor of Barlow, or such " Owner or Owners, shall be the " foie Arbitrator; and such Two " Arbitrators lb named, or One Arbitrator or Umpire, as after mentioned, as the Calc may be, shall ' " be and they and he are and is hereby authorized and required,

" by Examination of Witnesses on " Oath, or by such other Ways and

" Means

40 Geo. III.

o <V

i 2 junu.

619

Vol. 55.

" Means as they or he shall think " proper, to hear and determine " the Matters so to them or him to " be referred, whether any and what " Clough, Bank, or other Protection " ought to be made and where, in " Consequence of such Works of " Drainage, and for that Purpose,

" all the Powers and Authorities " hereby given to or vested in the said Commissioners for determining disputed Claims, shall extend to and be vested in the said " Arbitrators or Arbitrator, or Um- pire, as after mentioned, as the " same may be, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes,

" as if such Powers and Authorities were hereby expressly extended " to and vested in them or him j 44 and in case of any Difference of " Opinion between the said Two " Arbitrators, (in case Two shall be " named) the said Matters shall be " referred to the Decision of an " Umpire,'to be by them named " for that Purpose, before they pro- ceed in their Arbitration; and if " they disagree in the Appointment " of an Umpire, thenot tuch Urn- pire as shall be nominated by or on Behalf of the said Two Lords,

44 or by or on Behalf of such Lord of the said Manors of Carlton and Camblesjorth, and such other Lord,

44 or Owner or Owners of the particular Lands and Etlates, as the 4‘ same may be; and the Determina- tion of the said Arbitrators or Arbitrator, or Umpire, as the same may be, shall be final, binding,

44 and conclusive to all Parties; and the said Arbitrators or Arbitra- for, as the same may be, shall make their or his Award in Writ- ing, within Two Calendar Months atter their or his Appointment;

44 and in case of the Matters being referred to the Decision of an Um- pire as aforesaid, then such Um- pire shall make his Award in Writing, within Two Calendar Months next after such Refer- ence.; and the Award of such Arbitrators or Arbitrator, or Umpire, 44 as the same may be, shall be delivered to One of the said Commissioners; and in case the said Arbitrators or Arbitrator, or Um- pire, shall award that a Clough, 44 Bank, or other Protection ought to be made, then in such same the said Commissioners shall cause such Clough, Bank, or other Pro- te&ion to be erected in such Place, 44 of such Dimensions, and in such Manner, as shall be directed by the Award of the said Arbitrators or Arbitrator, or Umpire, as the same may be; and such Clough, 44 Bank, or other Protection shall be made, and for ever maintained, in the Manner hereinbefore dire died with reipeCl to the Works of Drainage hereby authorized to be made.' *

Pr. 3L 1. 8. Leave out from shall be" to 44 be" in Line 16, and insert fenced off and formed for the FirllTime.by 44 and at the Expence of the said Thomas,

44 and Benjamin , in such

44 Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct, and shall for ever af- wards."

1. 34. After 44 Ca" insert and other Lands and Grounds within the Township of Drax afore- laid."

1. ult. After required" insert44 subject nc- vertheless to the Condition here- inafter mentioned."

Pr. 32. 1. 14. Leave out and."

1. 15. After Cam" insert and Drax."

1. 24. After " the fame" insert Clause (B,) Clause (B.) 44 Provided always nevertheless, and

44 'be it further Enacted, That in case any of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Township of Drax aforesaid, shall re- fuse to pay their several Shares and Proportions of the Expences of railing, llrengthening, and wi- dening the Banks of the said River Aire, then the said Commissioners shall alter the said Banks or not,

44 as they may think proper; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord-ships.

Mr. Strutt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Heaths and Commons, and for exonerating from Common Right the Half Year Lands, and Lammas Land?, within the Manors of Dedham Hall and Over hall, and Nether-hall in the Parish of Dedham, in the County of Essex, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of One Cottage, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of 24 Acres and 1 Rood of Land and One Cottage, who had not been applied to; and also, except the Owner of One Cottage, who is inlane; and also, except the Heirs of the late Owner of 5 Acres of Land, who are at present not known; and also, except the Owner of 1 Rood of Land and One Cottage; and that the Whole of the Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure confills of 1,982 Acres 2 Roods 2 Perches, and 211 Cottages; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr.

Dedham Tndo-sure Bill, reported.

A. 1800.

12° Junii.

O'liMcn Mor-ckn Inclosure Bill, 1 ported.

Rafail's Ef-uce Bill, read.

Caffington Ii»-closure Bill, reported.

VWminster Roads Bill, pafi:d.

Mr. Charles Yorke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Guilden Morden, in the county of,

was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 33 Acres of Land, who refuted to sign the Bill; and lifo except the Proprietors of 49 Acres, who were neuter; and that the Whole of the Land intended to be inclosed consists of 2,500 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill)? and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Estates in the Parishes of Clay pole. Great Ponton, and Kirton, in the County of , devised by the Will of the Reverend William , Doc-

for in Divinity, and for laying out the Money arising by Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Etlates, to be settled to the same Uses, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, was read toe First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Fane do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Heath Lands, and Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Commonable Lar.ds, within the Parish of Caffington, in the County of Oxford, and in the Hamlet of Worton, otherwise , within the said Parish, was committed.

Mr. John Fane accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the Town of Warminster, in the County of Wilts, to a Place where the Roads to Bath and Brifrol divide, and from the Town of Frome to the Town of Beckington, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Ma-3

jesty's Reign, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the Town of Warminster, in the County of Wilts, to a Place where the Roads to Bath and Bristol divide, and from the Town of Frome to the Town of Beckington, in the County of Somerset, and other Road9 therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Shaw Lefevre do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir William Lowther reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parishes of Exton, and Cottefmore with Barrow, in the County of Rutland, and for extinguishing the Tythes in those Parishes, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques-ftion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the Tenants for Life, under the Will of the late William Wright, Esquire, to convey in Fee, or grant, Leases for long Terms of Years, for the Purpose of building, of Part of the Estates. devised by the said Will, in the Counties Palatine of Chester and , was read

the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bewdley, in the County of Worcester, to the several Places therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester and Salop respectively, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bewdley, in the County of Worcester, to the several Places therein mentioned in the Counties of Worcester and Salop respectively.

Ordered, That Mr. Andrews do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for making, maintaining, and keeping in Repair, a Road from the Town of New Windsor, in the County of Berks, through the Parishes of Datchet and Horton, in the County of Bucks, and Stairwell and Harmondsworth, in the County of Middlesex, to or near a Bridge called High Bridge, near Longford, in the said County of Middlesex, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Two Months.

Mr.

Exton,

Inclosure Bill, reported.

WrightV Estate Bill, read.

Bewdley Roads Bill, passed.

New Windsor Roads Bill, put off for Two Montfis.

\v-r!

ra.

I'r'/i

up

V-

I *

Bank Buildings re-cora-mitted Bill, reported *

Hwtfpin In-dofvire, &c. Bill, reported.

Chirton Incio-stire Bill, presented.

Child's Estate Bill, reported, and passed.

40 Geo. til. ii Junii.641

Mr. Peter Thelluffon reported front the Committee, to Whom the Bill to empower the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to purchase certain Houses and Ground contiguous to the Bank of and to

enable them to improve certain Avenues adjacent thereto, was re-committed; _ and to whom the Petition of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Grocers of the City of London; and also, the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council atTembled; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the Alderman, Deputy, and Common Councilmen, of the Ward of Coleman Streets in the City of London, and several of the other Inhabitants of the said Ward, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the said Petitions, and had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Dickinson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for exchanging, allotting, improving, and inclosingj certain Open and Commonable Lands, and for exchanging Parts of a certain Close of Pasture Land, within the Parish of Huntspill, in the County of Somerset, and for dividing, allotting, indoiing, and improving, a certain Open and Commonable Pasture called Stert Common, situate in the Parish of aforesaid, and in

the Parishes of Gannington, Stockland Bristol, and Stogur-fey, in the said County of Somerset, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of One Acre of Commonable Arable Land, who refused to lign the Bill, and that the Whole of the Commonable Arable Lands to be inglofed contains 208 Acres 1 Rood and 16 Perches, and there are 24 Common Rights; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to of-pose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where thfe Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Buxton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor or Tything of Chirton, otherwise Cherrington, in the county of : And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Dent reported from the Committee, to whom

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for investing Part of the Personal Estate of Robert Child, Esquire, deceased, in the Purchase of an Estate, situate near OJlerley Park, in the County of Middlesex, to be settled upon the Trails, and for the Purposes therein

Vol. 55.

« (< rtfentidned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned bad given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the Hoflfe, without any Amendment'; arid he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table:

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Dent do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Mr. William Dundas presented to the House; accord-

ing to Order, a Bill to di (charge, from a disputed and dormant Claim of the Public, several Estates belonging to the: Right honourable William Carr, Earl of Lord High Constable of Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mh Ord:

Mr; Speaker;

The Lords have agreed to the Bill; intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery; without any Amendment: Arid also;

The Lords havfe agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting i Bounty on the Importation of Rye until the Fifteenth Day of 0Sober One thousand Eight hundred; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to permit Blubber from the Greenland Fishery and Davis's Streights, to be boiled into Oil after the Arrival of the Ships from the Fishery, and for charging the Duty thereon; for altering the Convoy Duty now payable on the Importation of Opium; for repealing the Duties on the Importation of Oil of Turpentine and Tar, and charging other Duties in lieu thereof; for exempting Burr Stones, and Stones used for the Purpose of paving, or the making or mending of Roads, from the Duties charged thereon when carried Coastwise; for obliging Mailers of Ships laden with Tobacco to remove the same from their Moorings when their Cargoes are discharged; and for extending Bonds given on licensing Ships, Vessels, or Boats, to all Cafes wherein Ships, Ve(-fels, or Boats, may be liable to Forfeiture; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the Barons of the Court' of Exclfequer in Scotland to advance to the Lord Provost and Magistrates of the City of Edinburgh, for the Purpose of completing the Improvements of the Harbour of Leith, a certain Sum, being Part of the Money which, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, was directed to be paid into the said Court of Exchequer by the Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estates of Penyfton Portlock Powney, Esquire, deceased, situate in the County of Berks, in Trustees, to be sold, for paying Incumbrances and Debts, and for laying out the Surplus, under the Directions of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be conveyed to the Trustees of the Will of the said Penyfton Portlock Poxvney, in lieu thereof: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of Moreton, and divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Moreton, in the County of Stafford, devised by the Will of Sir William Wolfeley, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for the Application of the Money to arise from such Sale, and for other Purposes: And also,

% A Thtf

Es rl of Er-rofl's Bill, presented.

The Lord have agreed to

Lottery Bill *

<tye Bounty Bill.

Ctiftomi Regulation Bill.

Leith Harbour Bill.

Amendments to Powney's Estate Bill.

Amend menH to Sir William Wolfeley'g EftasrBiU.

The Lords have passed Pultenev's

ElUw Bill.

Sir Richard Hoflum's Estate Bill.

Sir Richard Hotham's Kit.ite Bill, read.

Day appointed for Third Reading of London Small Debts Bill.

Report on Colliers Bill, iirther conii-dtred.

Bill respecting Hides and Skins, rrad the Third Time.

Committee on Kir. McDow all's Report, deferred.

12° Junii.

A \I Sod.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees therein named to repair the new Bridge over the River -Avon, from the City of to

the Manor of Bailiwick, and to raise a sufficient Sum for that Purpose by a Charge on the Trust Estates of the late General Pulteney, or to apply in that Manner certain

Sums which may be payable to the said Trust Estates from the Company of Proprietors of the Kennel and Avon Canal Navigation; to which the Lords deftre the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting'Part of the Estates, deviled by the Will of Sir Richard Hot ham, Knight, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Incumbrances, and for laying out the Surplus Monies ir^ other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses; to which the Lords de-fire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the MeHengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act forvefting Part of the Estates, deviled by the Will of Sir Richard Hotham, Knight, deceased, in Trustees, to be

fold, for Payment of Incumbrances, and for laying out the Surplus Monies in other Estates, to be settled in lieu1 thereof, and to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Bill to amend, explain, and render

more effectual, an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act for " the recovering of Small Debts, and for the relieving " of Poor Debtors, in London," and an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George th6 Second, to explain and amend the above mentioned Act, and likewise for extending the Powers of the Court ot Requests in the City of London, in and by the said Two several Acts continued and established, be read the Third Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom- the Bill for the Security of Collieries and Mines, and for the better Regulation of Colliers and Miners, was re-committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. i

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the First Year of King James the First, as prohibits the Use of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes; and for better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the flaying thereof, be now read the Third Time.

The laid Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, For authorizing the Inspectors to receive a Sum not exceeding a Moiety of the highest Penalty, for Damage done to any Hide, without Conviction before a Magistrate.

And the said Clause was Thrice read , and, upon the the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Ordered, That the further Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the said Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to *

consider further of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of William M: Dow all,

Esquire, and also, the Petition of the Executors of Charles

AJliwelL,deceased, and William late of the

Island of Grenada, Esquire, were severally referred, be now read. '

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Rej'olved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third I® 6 1 l?sei Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to amend so much 1 ,pass of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts in Westminster Hall, and also of the Lords of Session,

Lords Commissioners of Justiciary, and Barons of Exchequer, in Scotland, as relates to the Salaries of the judges of the Courts of Session, Justiciary, and Exchequer,' in Scotland, be now rdad.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act Co amend lb much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts in Hall,

and- also of the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Justiciary, and Barons of Exchequer, in Scotland, as relates to the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts of Session, Justiciary, and Exchequer, in.

Ordered, That Mr. William Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Pulteney . to enable the Trustees therein named to repair the new Bridge over the River Avon, from the City of Bath, to r a ' the Manornf Bathwick, and to raise a sufficient Sum for that Purpose by a Charge on the Trust Estates of the late General Pulteney, or to apply in that Manner certain Sums which may be payable to the said Trust Estates from the Company of Proprietors of the Kennel and Avon Canal Navigation, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, BJl for settling resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to D,ipilt" bf-consider further of the Bill for the better settling of amTservant^ Disputes between Matters and Mistresses of Families deferred, and their Menial or Domestic Servants.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account of Account of the Amount of Duties on Perfumery, for ®atles on the first Three complete Years after they were imposed, ordered!17 and for the Three last Years, to as late a Period as the same can be made up.

The House being informed that Mr. Stedman (from presented, the Stamp Office) attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Gross Amount of Perfutnery Duty for Town and Country, from August 2d 1786 t9 ift 1787; from August 2d 1787 to ill 1788;

from August 2d 1788 to August ift 17895 from August '2d 1796 to August ift 1797; from August 2d 1797 to August ift 1798; and from August 2d 1798 to August ift 1799-

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. *

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Perfumery Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain " Stamp Duties on Perfumery, Hair Powder, and other

" Articles

40 Gfco. lit ta6j

" Articles therein mentioned j and on Licences to 'be " taken out by Persons uttering or vending the same }" might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

laneafter A Bill for the better regulating the Practice, and for

monPleatBuT Prevent nS Delays in the Proceedings, of the Court of ' ' Common Pleas at Lancaster, was, according to Order} read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. 1

importation of The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Waite Paper, Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Mato be consider- intituled, "An Act for repealing the several Du-

" ties of Customs and Excite, and granting other Duties " in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Public Revenue} for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Ma-, " nufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom j and for applying certain " unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for " the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Rpduction " of the National Debt," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of permitting the Importation of Wade Paper Duty free.

jteporton Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

importation of Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred fc'c.e ' to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing the Importation of Arrow Root " from the British Plantations, and also of Linseed Cakes " and Rape Cakes from any Foreign Country, in " built Ships, owned, navigated, and registered, according to Law, without Payment of Duty," as permits the Importation of Linseed Cakes and Rape Cakes in British-buih Ships, without Payment of Duty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,. That Linseed Cakes and Rape Cakes be permitted to be imported into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to the Subjects of any Sovereign or State in Amity with His Majesty, without Payment of Duty.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Ryder, Mr. and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

inftni&on The House was moved, That-an Act, made in the [nStamV1 Du- Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, tic Bill. intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Sea Insurances," might be read. And the same being read accordingly j Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Resolutions which, upon Tuesday last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of certain Stamp Duties, and were then agreed to by the House, that they Vot. 55.

uniL ,64.3

do make Provision therein for empowering the Commissioners of Stamp Duties to cancel certain Policies stamped pursuant to the said Act, in certain Cafes, where the Risk insured has not commenced} or where the Party insured shall have had no Interest whatever in the Rilk >

or Property insured, or a less Interest than the Interest insured, and to deliver other stamped Papers, or Parchment} of the like Value, in lieu thereof, and also to cancel certain other Policies of Insurance, stamped in pursuance of any former Acts, where such Policies shall not have been uled, and in other the like Cales, and to deliver otlief stamped Papers, or Parchment, of like Value, in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That it be an instrudion to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, that they do make Provision therein for explaining and amending the said Act, of the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same re lates to the providing at the Public Charge stamped Parchment for Policies of Insurance.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty} intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty " an additional Stamp Duty on Deeds," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, that they do make Provision therein to explain and amend so much of the said Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to certain Leases of Lands or Tenements for Terms not exceeding Twenty-one Years, and of a certain Value.

A Motion being made, That the ingrafted Bill for di king' Con-viding, inclosing, and allotting, the Open Common ^_yflcet Fields, Meadows and Pastures, Commons and Waite bHJgetnclo-Lands, in the Parishes of Byfleet nd in the f"re Bill. Chunty of Surrey, be now read the Third Time;

Mr. Ryder (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is Concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, For making an Allotment to His Majesty in respect of Two Rabbit Warrens.

And the said Clause was Twice read and amended.

And then the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed toby, " the House, to be made Tart of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Bill, faffed, be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows and Pastures, Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parishes of Bsfleet and Wey bridge, and Manor of Byfleet, with its Members, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That General Norton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Committee itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the c^nftilmoner Bill for extending the Powers of the Commissioners lnd«mnityBiU. named in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Section of '

" Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and " granting to His Majesty a Duty on Perifions, Offices,

" and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town " of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar,

" Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year " One thousand Eight hundred, together with thofte " named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax for indemnify ing such Per-

fons named in the said Act as have acted as Commissioners '

12°- — 13°

A, 1800 *

Cape of Good Hope Wine, tec. Bill, presented.

Sugar, See. fhltillery Bill < jrefcated.

Hew ToetSk BUI, committed.

Kid Skins Bill, presented.

sioners of the Land Tax; and for rendering valid certain Acts done by them.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Brcigge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That

they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to (it again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to lessen the Duties on Wine and Spirits the Produce of the British Settlement of The Cape of Good Hope, and to empower the Importers to land the same before Payment of the Duties of Excise, and to lpdge the same in Warehouses, and to allow the same to be shipped free of Duty as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages: And the same was received } and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tifiae.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to revive and continue, for a Time to be limited, such Part of an Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, for reducing the Duties upon Spirits distilled from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, and for other Purposes, as relates to the Duties on Wort pr Wash brewed or made from Melasses or Sugar: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read 'a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for better Preservation of Timber in The New Forest, in the County of Southampton, and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands of the Crown within the same, be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing Part of the Duties and Drawbacks of Customs on Kid Skins imported, and the Exemption of imported Kid Skins from Excise Duty on being dressed in Great Britain: And the fame' was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

" ported from the East Indie, to be Warehoused; and " for repealing the Duties now payable thereon, and " granting other Duties in lieu thereof."

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of His Majesty's most Gracious Message of the 2d Day of April last, communicating to fhis House the Resolutions of the Lords and Commons of Ireland respecting an Union between the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, with their Address to His Majesty thereupon.

1

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon, the Bill to authorize Bakers and other Persons to sell Bread to His Majesty's Forces on their March which shall not have been baked Twenty-foyr Hours and to indemnify all Persons by whom such Bread may have been so fold.

The other Orders of the Day being read}

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, until the Tenth " Day of November One thousand Eight hundred, and " amehd an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, for continuing an Act of the last Session of "'Parliament, for granting to His Majesty additional " Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, for a limited Time; and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland-, and for granting to His Majesty " certain additional Duties on Spirits distilled for Consumption, and a Duty on unmalted Grain used in Distillation in Scotland."

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to allow the Use of Sugar in the Brewing of Beer, for a Time to be limited.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 130 die Junii;

Anno 40 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1800.

Jump Duties Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Bill, prefoaMd. a gjj ta amen<j several Laws relating to the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Committee om Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to deferred, consider of removing Doubts arising from the Construe-tion of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for permitting certain Goods, im-

Pr AYERS.

MR. Charles Yorke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual. Two Acts, made in the Tiiirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majest, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, between the Cam, otherwise Grant, and

MildenhallRivers, and bounded on the South East by the Hard Lands of IJleham, Fordham, Soham, and I Vic ken-, and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Common-

airy,

Supply, deferred.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Committee on King's Mef-sage, respecting an Union with Ireland, deferred.

Bakers Indemnity Bill, deferred.

Committee oa Scotch Distd-lery Duties A&, defer-ted.

Bill-to allow the Ufb of So -gar in brewing Beer, deferred.

Ely (Middle Fen) Drainage Bill, reported.

40 Geo. III. 13 0 Junii645.

alty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands within the said Limits, commonly called

edLands; and for laying certain Rates on Vessels navigated upon the said Rivers, towards supporting the Banks thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 606 Acres 1 Rood and 12 Perches of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands belonging to Persons int ere fled in the Drainage, consists of 10,902 Acres 2 Roods and 23 Perches; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were'agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingtolfed.

lliWth Tn- Mr. Charles Ycrke reported from the Committee, to wh°m the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open ttp°l ' and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of in

the County of Cambridge, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £9. 7 s. 10 per Annum, and the Owner

of One Common Right, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at 10 s.8 dper Annum, who were neuter; and that the Whole of the Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at £.156. 17 s.6 per Annum, and there are 24 Common Rights; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him. to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question fe'vcrally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrefled.

GuilJenMor- An ingrossld Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pallures,

1 ,pj e . Wades, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Pari lit of Gn , in the County of Cambridge, wars read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, Wades, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Gui/den Morden, in tire County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Ycrke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Wigan Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the eleding of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of in the County Palatine

of Lancaster, in the room of the Honourable Orlando Vol. 35 *

Bridgeman, now Baron SradfordgcaWed up to the House of Peers.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Holywell tn-Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, Bl and Commonable Places, within the Parish of with Needingworth, in the County of Huntingdon, was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and.

Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Holyzvell with Needingworth, in the County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That Mr. Annesley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for the Appointment and Regulation of Pilots Neath Harbour and Hoblers for the conducting of Ships and Vessels into, coimmt~; and out of, the Port or Harbour, and River, of Neath, in the County of Glamorgan-, for regulating the Mooring of Ships and Vessels therein; and for the Regulation of Porters within the said Port or Harbour, and River, and within the Town of Neath, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, the Marquis of Worcester, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition from thereunto subscribed, being Journeymen and Workmen Journeymen, residing in and about the Cities of London and Westmin- jon and°West-Jler, was presented to the House, and read; Setting minster, for forth, That, during the last Session, an Act passed to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen; and that' it is therein declared illegal, directly or indirectly, to attempt to prevail upon any Journeyman or Workman to quit the Service in which he is employed; and that the said Act, by the Use of such uncertain Terms, and others of the same Nature, has created new Crimes of boundless Extent, to which are affixed Fines, Forfeitures, and Imprisonment; and that, amongst the Crimes created by the said Act, the Breach of a Private Cohtraft, by refusing to work when hired, is enumerated as One/and made punishable by discretionary imprisonment for any Time not exceeding Three Months, to the confounding of all Distinction between Public and Private Injuries; and that, in many Instances, the Crimes created by the said Act are such as will encourage wilful Perjury in Witnesses, from the great Difficulty of its being discovered, and will of Course expose the Petitioners to numberless h

false Accusations at the Pleasure of any malicious Prosecutor; and that, by the said Act, Oflkiders are deprived of a Trial by Jury, and made subject to the Decision of a single Magistrate, which, from the Securities required upon an Appeal, and the Expence of prosecuting it, will in Effect be always final, the Act having expressly declared it illegal, under heavy Penalties, to subscribe any Sum for the Support of such Expences; and that no Certiorari to remove any Proceedings under the Act is allowed; and that the same Magistrate, who has thus the uncontrouled Power over Offenders within the Act, will, in many Cafes, be enabled to fix the Rate of Wages of Journeymen and Workmen, and, upon their Refusal to work for such Wages (however inadequate to their Labour) may licence Mailers to employ in their respectiveTrades all Persons indifcriniinately, to the Detriment of those Trades, and to the utter Dedruftion of the Workmen who have served regular Apprenticeships therein; and that Offenders within the said Act are compellable to answer Questions upon Oath, notwithstanding the several Penalties (confiding of Fines, Forfeitures, and imprisonment) to which in Consequence they may become liable, and for the Discharge from which Penalties the Act has made no diffident Provision; and that, in many Parts of the said Act, the Law is materially changed to the great Injury of all Journeymen and

8 B Workmen;

e

Petition from Liverpool, for tK like.

Carnarvon Church Bill committed.

646

130 Junii.

A. 1800.

Workmen; and that, if it be not repealed, it will hereafter be dangerous for the Petitioners to converse with one another, or even with their own Families; and that its immediate Tendency is to excite Distrust and Jealously between their Mailers and them, and to destroy the Trades and Manufacture? it purports to protest: And therefore praying, That the said Act may be repealed, or that the House will give such other Relief as it shall think lit.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Labourers, Mechanics, and Artificers, of the Town and Neighbourhood of in the County of Latte after, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Act; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners were not informed of the said Act till it was actually passed into a Law, whereby they were precluded from praying the House, by themselves, or Agent'?, against the fame; and that the said Act appears to the Petitioners to have created new Crimes, of so indefinite a Nature, that no one Journeyman or Workman will be safe in holding any Convenation with another on the Subject of his T/ade or Employment; and that the Petitioners and others are, by the said Act, deprived of a Trial by a Jury of their Country, and to be tried by One Justice of the Peace, who, for the most Part, is engaged in Trade, and whom, in all Cases, it is competent to the Mailers ' to feieft, but the Parties nevertheless are not even permitted to remove any Conviction by such Justice, under the said Act, by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and that, although a Right of Appeal

is given by the said Act against any Conviction by such Justice to the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, yet the Sureties and Recognizance required, and the great Expence of such Appeal, puts that Remedy beyond the Reach of the Petitioners, and other Workmen, who earn, by their daily Labour, barely sufficient to maintain themselves and Families; and the said Act expressly forbids, under a severe Penalty, any Person from subscribing or'contributing any Sum or Sums of Mon y whatsoever, for the Purpose of paying any Expences incurred, or to be incurred, by any Person charged with having afte<J contrary to the Provisions of the said Act; and that, for these and- other Reasons, it is to be feared that the said Act will tend to dil'unite, more than ever yet they were disunited, Mailers and Workmen, and that the same is, in other Respects, injurious and of-preffive to the Petitioners, and other Workmen, and may therefore ultimately be productive of Evils which may prove materially injurious to the Trade and Manu-fastures of the Country; and that the said Act empowers Trustees, Treasurers, Collectors, Receivers, and Agents, to give up, in Breach of their Trust, all Monies in their Hands, Custody, or Power, and indemnifies them, in so doing, before any Court of Law or Equity shall have pronounced on the Legality or illegality of the Purposes for which such Funds shall havfe been entrulled to them; and, finally, the "Petitioners crave the most serious Attention of the House to that Part of the said Act, whereby all Persons who shall be charged with having offended against the fame, are compellable to answer, upon Oath, all Questions that shall be put to them, notwithstanding any Penalty or Forfeiture, as the Act itself expressly states, to which such Persons may be liable in Consequence of any Discovery which may be fought thereby: And therefore praying, That the said Act, or so much thereof as to the House shall seem meet, may be repealed.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Bill for taking down, and re-building upon a more enlarged Scale, the Chapel of , in the Town

of Carnarvon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Tho , &c.: And 6

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better ascertaining and collecting the Duties granted by several Acts, palfed in the last. Session of Parliament, relating to the Duties on Income; and to explain and amend the said Acts; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Lane after Canal Navigation to complete the lame; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence ' to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, repairing, and widening, the Roads leading from The Ryeway, in the Parish of t in the County of Hereford, to Preftei&ne in the County of Rad-

nor, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County of Radnor, and in the Counties of Hereford and Salop, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East Side of Lincoln Heath to the City of and

several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Northampton and Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then' next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Spalding High Bridge through Littleworth, and by and over fames

Deeping Stone Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Maxey Outgoing, in the County of Northampton, adjoining to the High Road there; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Marsh, Meadow, and Waste Lands, in the Manor of Forebridge, and in the Parish of Castle Church, in the County of Stafford, and for embanking and draining Part -of the said Common Field?, Marsh, Meadow, and Waste Lands, and certain other Low Lands and Grounds, in the said Parjfh of Castle Church, and in the adjoining Parishes, Townships, and Places, of Sow Saint Thomas, Otherwise Saint Thomas upon Sow, Colon, Berkftoich, and Saint Mary in Stafford, in the said County of;

without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing Nomans Moor, otherwise Norman's Moor, within the North Riding of the County of York-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of , in the County of Norfolk, without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Common Fields

The Lords have agreed to

Bill to amend Acts relating to Duties on Income.

Lancaster Canal Bill.

Yarpole and Presteigne, &c. Road 5ill.

Lincoln Heath and Peterborough Roads Bill *

Spalding Roads Bill *

Forebridgr, See. Indol'ure ami Drainage Bill.

Noman's Moor Inclosure BUI.

Sprowfton cloiure Bilk

St. Mary in

Stafford Inc I o sure Bill, with ?n Amendment.

40 Geo. III. 130 Junii. - 647

Fields and Waste Lands, within dr adjoining the Parish of Saint Mary in Stafford., in the- County of Stafford; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lord The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for have passed empowering the Judges of the Court of SelEon in Scot-Bui?0 land to fell such Part or Parts of the Entailed Estate of Blair hall and others, in the Counties of Fife and belonging to Mistress Amt Wife of

James Ranaldson Dickson, of , Esquire, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts and Provisions to Younger Children affecting the same j to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

D» Bill, read. And the said Bill from the Lords was, read the (First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lords Amend. The House proceeded to take into Consideration the worth Amendments, made By the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,

cloture Bill, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

agreed to and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and other

Commonable Lands and Grounds, and also the Waste Lands and Grounds, within the several Parishes of worth, Felt ham, and Sunbwry, in the County of dlesex.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followed , viz.

Pr. 2. 1.19. Leave out " other" and insert " said."

Pr. 34. 1.20. Leave out " Award" and insert

" Awards."

1. 24. Leave out " Award" and - insert " Awards."

Pr.52. I.12. Leave out " Award" and insert

" Awards."

Pr. 87. 1. xi. Leave out " is" and insert " are."

Pr. 89. 1.29. Leave out " Award" and insert

" Awards."

Pr. 90. I.21. Leave out from " Exchanges" to " and" in'Pr. 91. 1. 27.

Pr. 96. L44. Leave out " Award" and insert

" Awards."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Mainwaring do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

petition of Mr. William Adams reported from the Committee, to Paper Com-j whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names l ny»report . thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, interested in an intended Manufactory, to be called "The Regenerating Paper Company," was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Letters Patent, dated the 28th Day of April last, granting to Mr. Matthias Koops, for Fourteen Years, the foie and exclusive Exercise of his Invention for extracting, printing and writing Ink from printed and written Paper, and 'converting the Paper, from which the Ink is extracted, into Pulp, and making thereof Paper fit for Writing, Printing, and other Purposes, was produced to Your Committee: Then,

Mr. Thomas Burton, a Printer, being examined, laid, That he conceives, from the present Scarcity of Rags, . > 2nd consequent enormous Advance in the Price of Paper, the Discovery of Mr. Koops will be attended with moll material Adyantage to the Public, and is deserving the Countenance and Support of this House: , Then,

VOL. 55. ‘ -

Mr. Elias Carpenter, a Paper Maker, being examined,' said, That several Persons are defirOus of carrying tbi»

Invention and Discovery into Effect, by establishing Ma-nufaftories for that Purpose, but that such cannot be "

established without great Risk in the Undertaking, and without a very large Expence; nor can it be conveniently carried on unless a considerable Joint Stock is raised. for that Purpose; and that the establishing and carrying into Effect such Manufactories is the more desirable, as every Year renders the Difficulty of obtaining Paper of all Descriptions greater j and it is much to be apprehended, that if this Invention should not be so far encouraged as to be prosecuted with Effect, the Business of Printing, and particularly that of Newspapers, must be in a great Degree discontinued; the Exportation of Paper be totally annihilated, and of course the Revenue suffer a considerable Diminution, unless some other Substitute, to use fora Raw Material, can be resorted to: —

And, being further examined, he said. That in case these Manufactories shall be established and carried into Effect,.a very large Proportion of the Waste Paper which is now bought up by Grocers, Tobacconists, Cheesemon-gers, and others, will be re-manufactured; and those Persons obliged to consume coarse new manufactured Paper, which will of Necessity greatly increase the Public Revenue: Then,

Mr. Samuel Lifter, being examined, said, That several Persons have already agreed tp form themselves into a Society, and to raise a Capital Stock of25,000, for the Purpose of establishing and carrying on the said Manur factory, but that such Persons who have agreed to subscribe and raise the said Capital Stock, are appfehensive, - . -that under the restrictive Provisoes contained in the Letters Patent, no more than Five Persons can carry on the said Manufactory, or be jointly interested therein, without Forfeiture of the Liberties and Advantages guaranteed by the said Letters Patent; and that great Difficulties may arise as well in recovering Debts, which may grow due to the Proprietors of the said Manufactory, as also in defending Suits or Actions which may be commenced or brought against the said Proprietors, for any

Matter or Thing relative to the said Manufactory, as by Law all the several Proprietors and Subscribers to the said Manufactory must in such same both sue' and be sued, implead and be impleaded, by their several and distinct Names and Descriptions; and also, that many Person$ who are not now liable to become Bankrupts, within the Intent and Meaning of any of the Laws now in Force concerning Bankrupts, are fearful of subscribing Money to carry on the said Manufacture, as by becoming Subscribers to and Part Owners thereof, they may be liable to have Commissions of Bankruptcy issued against them as Traders, unless incorporated by Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to incorporate certain Persons, and their Successors, with proper Powers for the Purpose of establishing a Manufactory for extracting Ink from printed and written Paper, and making other Paper therefrom, fit for Writing, Printing, and other Purposes: And that Mr. William Adams, Mr.

Elf ord, and Mr. Jodrell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hill reported from the Committee, to whom the Wortben in- Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Com- elofure a i mons and Waste Lands, in the several Manors of Aston Bl11'

Pigot, Wort hen, and Aston Rogers, in the Parish of Wortken, in the County of Salop, and for straiglitening, widening, and deepening, a certain Rivulet or Brook called The Rea, commencing at or near a certain Piece of Water called Marton Pool, on the Confines of the Parish of Chirbury, and extending through the said Parish of Wort hen, to a Bridge acrofis the said River, called Horse Bridge, on the Confines of the Parish of Wefibury, in the said County, and sundry Streams or Brooks emptying themselves thereinto, was committed; That the

Committee

A. 18co *

648 130 Junii.

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties ' concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satjsfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands, whole Ellatcs are assessed to the Land Tax at £. % . 14s. id. fer Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Property belonging to Perform interested in the Bill is assessed to the Land Tax at f. 205. 130 1 d.yand that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments,' be

ingrossed.

j

teiriP?,iCft An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act b!u, com- for veiling Part of thp settled Estates devised by the Will mjtted. of Sir Patrick Blake, Baronet, deceased, situate and being in the Counties of and y in Truf-

tees, to be sold, for Payment of Incumbrances affecting the same Estates, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, and for laying out the Surplus of the Purchase Money in other Estates, upon the Trulls and for the Purposes therein expressed, was reada Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Honywood, Mr. Buxton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

HornMftleNi. Sir Gilbert Heathcote reported from the Committee, reported, and' to whom the Bill for enabling the Horncastle Navigation re-committed. Company to raise a further Sum of Money to complete - the said Navigation, and for amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Navigation, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Huntfpiil in- An ingrossed Bill for exchanging, allotting, improving, fz&A.B, U' inclosing, certain Open and Commonable Lands, and for exchanging Parts of a certain Close of Pasture Land, within the Parish of Hin the County of Jet, and for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, a certain Opdn and Commonable Pasture, called Stert Common, situate in the Parish of Hunt/pill aforesaid, and in the Parishes of Canningt, Stockland , and Sto-gur/ey, in the said County of was read the Third

Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed >to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 3. 1. 2. To leave out from Lands" to " and" in 1. 5.

Pr. 40. I.21. To leave out from " ever" to the End of 1. 27.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House i and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for exchanging, allotting, improving, and inclosing, certain Open and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Parish of Hunt/pill, in the County of Somerset, and for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, a certain Open and Commonable Pasture, called Stert Common, situate in the Parish of Hunt/pill aforesaid, and in the Parishes of Cannington, Stockland , and Stogur/ey, in the said County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dafire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition from thereto subscribed, being Journeymen Cotton Spinners, &0cufMan-Callico Printers, Fustian Cutters, Machine Makers, and chester, for others, working within the Town of Manchejlein the County of Lancaster, and Ten Miles round the fame, was

presented to the House, and read 5 Taking Notice of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen; and Setting forth.

That the said Act appears to the Petitioners to have created new Crimes, of so indefinite a Nature, that no Journeyman or Workman will be lafe in holding any Conversation with another on the Subject of his Trade or Employment, and that the Petitioners and others are, by the said Act, deprived of a Trial by a Jury of their Country, and to be tried by Justices of the Peace, who, in the Town and Neighbourhood o are for the moll Part engaged in Trade, and whom in all Cases 1 it is competent in the Mailers to feleci, but the Parties nevertheless are not even permitted to remove any Conviction by such Justices under the said Act, by tiorari, or any Writ or Process whatever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at WeJi.nirJLr; and that, although a Right of , Appeal is given by the said Act, against any Conviction by such Justices, to the General or Quarter Sessions, yet the Sureties and Recognizance required, and the great Expence of such Appeal, puts that Remedy beyond the Power of the Petitioners and other Workmen, who.earn by their daily Labour barely sufficient to maintain themselves and Families; and the said Act expressly forbids, under a severe Penalty, any Person from subscribing or contributing any Sum or Sums of Money whatever for the Purpose of paying any Expences incurred, or to be incurred, by any Persons acting contrary to the Provisions of the said Act; and that, for these and other Reasons, it is to be feared that the said Act will tend to create Ill-will between, and dif-unite more than ever yet they were disunited, the Mailers and Workmen, and the same is in other Respects injurious and oppressive to the Petitioners and other Workmen, and may therefore ultimately be productive of Evils which may prove materially injurious to the Trade and Manufactures of the Country; and that the said Act empowers Trustees, Treasurers, Collectors, Receivers, and Agents, to give up, in Breach of their Trull, ali Monies in their Hands, Custody, or Power, and indemnifies them in so doing, before any Court of Law or Equity shall have pronounced on the Legality or Illegality of the Purposes for tyhich such Funds shall have been intrusted to them; and, finally, the Petitioners crave the moll fe-rious Attention of the House to that Part of the said Act whereby all Persons, charged with having offended against the fame, are compellable to answer upon Oath all such Questions as shall be put to them, notwithstanding any Penalty or Forfeiture, as the said Act expressly Hates, to which such Persons may be liable, in consequence of any Discovery which may be fought thereby: And therefore praying. That the said Act may be repealed, and that they may be heard by their Counsel, respecting their several Grievances, and such Relief granted as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Houlie was moved. That the Report which, Cornm>tte« on upon the 23d Day of May last, was made from the Report on Committee^ to whom the Petition of Thomas of ^Lio<^en *

the City of Coventry, Chymiffc and Cotton' Manufacturer.

e

4o Geo. Ill; 13 Junii. 649

turer, was referred and which was then ordered to lie Upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded) That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

The House accordingly refblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stanley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

t'nrr.miuec on Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-Kciict'to'pocr 'n§ next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole c.f London,&c. House, to consider of the Petition of the Persons, whole <kicrred. Names are there-undersigned, being Members of a Committee appointed by the Subscribers to a Fund for the Relief of the industrious Inhabitants of the Cities of don and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and the adjacent Parishes, from the Distress occasioned by the High Price of the Ntccflaries of Life.

BmkBuilding Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third a, t err . Reacjing0f the Bill (now ingrossed) to empower the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to purchase certain Houses and Ground contiguous to the Bank of England, and to enable them to improve certain Ave-, nues adjacent thereto, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next.

Tfnts amt . Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, committed. An Act to restrain all Trulls and Directions in Deeds or Wills whereby the Profits or Produce of Real or Personal Estate shall be accumulated, and the beneficial Enjoyment thereof postponed beyond the Time therein limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Account, of -jo resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, c^tlt si«». tQ con('u|cl- Gf the several Accounts of the Net Produce of the Fees and Emoluments of the Clerk and Clerk Assistant attending the House of Commons, for the last Ten Years, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

1 he House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charles Yorke took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charles Yorke reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon 7 Morning next.

rn'olvcs Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of WuBday."House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

VOL. 55.

Ordered, That the Carder of the Day, for the House Committw on to resolve. itself into a Committee of the whole House, DU|.utcl''b'-1S to consider further of the Bill for the better settling of Disputes between Mailers and Mistresses of Families anish''lv;u, IS‘ and their Menial or Domestic Servants, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Jodrelltook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Colliers Bill, Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for the Security of piired' Collieries and Mines, and for the better Regulation of Colliers and Miners be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 11. After "Agreement" to insert "in " Writing."

1. 13. After "wilfully" to insert " and to " the Prejudice of the Owner."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for the Security of Collieries and Mines, and for the better Regulation of Colliers and Miners.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, J^kegilI]ndun' upon the Bill to authorize Bakers and other Persons to "Uy sell Bread to His Majesty's Forces on their March which shall not have been baked Twenty-four Houts, and to indemnify all Persons by whom such Bread may have been so fold, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- ; niittee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, For extending the Period within which any Magistrates or Irtquest of the City of London may weigh Bread, for the Purpose of ascertaining the due Weight thereof.

Then the House relblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next. \

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee &a to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on " Perfumery, Hair Powder, and other Articles therein " mentioned; and on Licences to be taken out by Persons uttering or vending the same ;" be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Gross Amount of Account «-Perfumery Duty for Town and Country, from August feri-ed.

2d 1786 to August ill 1787; from 2d 1787 to

August ill 1788; from August 2d 1788 to August ill 1789; from August 2d 1796 to ill 1797; from

August 2d 1797 to August ill 1798; and from August 2d 1798 to August ill 1799, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

8 C Mr.

Indin Overn-nuni Ijill, commuted.

Commiitre on 11 hk nation c-f WaRc i'U| ci.

Committee on F.jU India CJoods A&.

reported.

Bill ordered.

Petition of Mr. Deacle, fa:, ngjmtt I?phd! Inclu-turc Bill.

650 3° JA. 1800.

'Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Braggereported from the Committee, That they

had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Bill for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the British Territories in , and the better Administration of Justice within the same, was, according to Order, read a Second Time;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered \That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of permitting the Importation of Waste Pa-j.'er Duty free, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of removing Doubts arising from the Construction of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for permitting certain Goods " imported from The East Indies to be warehoused; " and for repealing the Duties now payable thereon, and " granting other Duties in lieu thereof," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge tobk the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Commit-. tee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to remove Doubts arising from the Construction of an Act, made . in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, M An Act for permitting certain Goods im« " ported from The East Indies to be w'arehoused, and " for repealing the Duties now payable thereon,- and " granting other Duties in lieu thereof."

And Mr. Bragge moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to remove Doubts arising from the Construction of an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for permitting certain Goods . " imported from The East Indies to be warehoused, and " for repealing the Duties now payable thereon, and " granting other Duties in lieu thereof:" And that Mr. -Bragge, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Reverend Thomas Deacle, Rector of the Parish of Uphill, in the County of and of

the several other Persons, whose Names and Signatures

7

are thereunto set and subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Commonable Tenements, and of certain Lands and Estates, situate irt the said Parish of Uphill, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Pallures, and certain Common Arable Fields, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Uphill, in the County of Somerset; and Setting forth. That Mr. Simon Payne, of ~Axbridge, in the said County, Attorney at Law, who Hates himself in the said Bill to be the Lord of the Manor of Uphill, has hitherto managed of solicited the said Bill, without ever having called a Meeting of the said Rector, and other Proprietors and Owners, toconlult together on the Expediency of such Inclosure, or on the Powers and Provisions to be inserted in such Bill, or for the Purpose of agreeing to the Appointment of Commissioners or otherwise, which the Petitioners conceive ought in Justice and Fairness to have been done; and that the said Bill, if palfed into a Law, would be greatly prejudicial to the Petitioners Rights and Interests in the Lands thereby intended to be divided, allotted; inclosed, and exchanged: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against the said Bill; and that the same may not be passed into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they, do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the First Year of King James the First, as prohibits the Life of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes; and for better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the flaying thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the said adjourned Proceeding.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 10. 1. 30. After " aforesaid " to insert " or un- " less Notice shall be given by the

" Person or Persons to whom such " Hide or Skin shall belong, or any " Person on his, her, or their Behalf, " of his, her, or their Intention of " having such Hide or Skin produced, and the Dispute thereon decided by Arbitrators to be appointed " in pursuance of this Act."

Pr. 12. 1. 2;. To leave out " or Places."

1- 34 1

and > To leave out " or Places."

35-J

Pr. 13. 1. 7. To leave out " Tanner."

1. 20. To leave out " Tanner."

Pr. 16. I.14. After " Inspectors " to insert " di-

Pr. 18. 1. 5. After " Magistrates " to insert "in " any same where the Penalty adjudged shall exceed the Sum of " Ten Shillings."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the

Second

0

t

t

Bill respectin

Hide? and Skins, paflctU

40 Geo. III. 130 — 16

t

Second Year of King the First, as prohibits the Use of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes; and for better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins, in the tlaying thereof.

Ordered, That Sir IATor daunt do carry

the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.,

Accounts of The House being informed that Mr. Sentance- (from the Commissioners of the Customs) attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, which have been Annually built and registered in the several Ports of the British Empire between the 5th January 1789 and the 5th January 18co: And also.

An Account of the Number of Vessels, and the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys usually employed in navigating the fame, which be-s longed to the several Ports of the British Empire on the

30th of September in the Years 17S9, 1790, 1791, 1792,

1793 1 794> 1795. 1796 1797>179s. and x799» respect»vely.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That l'uch a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Cape of Good Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to lessen the Duties on Wine and wmiuilud. Spirits, the Produce of the British Settlement of The Cape of Good Hope, and to empower the Importers to land the same before Payment of the Duties of Excise, and to lodge the same in Warehouses, and to allow the same to be flopped free of Duty as Stores to be consumed ^; on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages, be now read.

1 And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was rend a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-, ing next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

I &c.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Ei.tuicry Bill, Reading of the Bill to revive and continue, for a Time to Planned. such Part of an Act, made in the present Sef-

lion of Parliament, for reducing the Duties upon Spirits dil'tilled from Mela lies or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, and for other Purposes, as relates to the Duties on Wort or Wash brewed or made from Melasses or Sugar, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-I -ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

k;,i svin Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second B:ii, com- Reading of the Bill for repealing Part of the Duties

Dmt('a and Drawbacks of Customs on Kid Skins imported; and the Exemption of imported Kid Skins from Excise Duty on being drested in Great Britain, be now read.

" And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ti ie laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed,

VOL. 55.

0 Juniu 65 i

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

of the whole House.

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to amend several Laws relating to the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed.

ReJ'o/ved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; t

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read. *

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, until the Tenth " Day of November One thousand Eight hundred, and " amend an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, for continuing an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several-Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, for a limited Time; and for regu-M lating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland; and for granting to His Majesty " certain additional Duties on Spirits distilled for Consumption, and a Duty on unmalted Grain used in " Distillation in Scotland," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

ReJ'o/ved, That this House will, upon 'Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock. '

Lunce, 16° Junii;

Anno 40° Georgii III‘" Regis, 1 800. Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the City of to the Town of

Stroud, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present

Stamp Dutic# Bill, committed.

Supply,

feiicd.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Committee on Scotch Ditlil-lery Duties Act, deferred#

Gloucester and Str<»ud Road Bill, palled#

Gloucester and Hriltui Road Bill passed.

CVirton Inclo-sure Bill, committed.

Conningfon

Inclosure Bill, reported.

Ehworth In-el "lure Bill, pitied.

Wrignt'i Estate ttiii, com-niaicd.

16° JuniL iSoo.

present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Gloucester to the Town of Stroud, in the County of Gloucester,

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Terrrt iirtd Powers of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road from a certain Bridge oVcra Brook or Stream called Sudbrook, near the City of Gloucester, to the Nine Mile Stone on the Bristol Road at or near a Place called The Clay Pits, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Rejo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road from a certain Bridge over a Brook or Stream called Sudbrook, near the City of Gloucester, to the Nine Mile Stone on the Bristol Road, at or near a Place called The Clay Pits, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and CorVirnon, Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor or Tything of Chirton, otherwise Cker-rington, in the County of was read a Second

Time.

Refohrd, That the Bill be committed to Mr.. , Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Charles Yorke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Connington, in the County of Cambridge, was committed } That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders- of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with} and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, w'hich they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Eljworth, in the County of , was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Eljworth, in the County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Yorke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the Tenants for Life, under the Will of the

late William Wright, Esquire, to convey in Fee, or grant,

Leases for long Terms of Years, for the Purpose of building, of Part of the Estates devised by the said Will, in the Counties Palatine of Chester and was read

a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Yorke, Mr. Stanley, &c. And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber-.

An ingrossed Bill to explain, amend, and render more Ely (toidJlc effectual, Two Acts, made in the Thirty-first Year of Fen) Dr^ge the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Twen- 1 ' ty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Isle oj Ely, and County of *

between the Cam, otherwise Grant, and Mildenhall Rivers, and bounded on the South East by the Hard Lands of IJleham, Fordham, Soham, and; and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedjord Level, to fell certain Lands within the said Limits, commonly called Invejled Lands} and for laying certain Rates on Vessels navigated upon the said Rivers, towards supporting the Banks thereof, . was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill} viz.

Pf. 30. L 2-8. Tb leave out from " Aft" to " in" in 1. 30. and insert " and to seize " and distrain the Turf dug thereon ' " wherever the same may be found,

" by their Warrant or Precept to " be granted," instead thereof.

Pr. 34. 1. 26. After " Aft" to insert to be levied " by Distress, in Manner aforesaid."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, Two Acts, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Isle oj Ely, and County of Cambridge, between the Cam, otherwise Grant, Ouje, and Mildenhall Rivers, and bounded on the South East by the Hard Lands of IJleham, Fordham, Soham, and Wicken; and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedjord Level, to fell certain Lands within the said Limits, commonly called Invejled Lands} and for laying certain Rates on Vessels, navigated upon the said Rivers, towards supporting the Banks thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Yorke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

t

Mr. William Adams presented to the House, according Pap^r Com. to Order, a Bill to incorporate certain Persons, and their Successors, with proper Powers for the Purpose of establishing a Manufactory for extracting Ink from printed and written Paper, and making other Paper therefrom, fit for Writing, Printing, and other Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act sirfeichard for veiling Part of the Estates, devised by the Will of Hotl.am's Sir Richard Hotham, Knight, deceased, in Trustees, to com'

be fold, for Payment of Incumbrances, and for laying out the Surplus Monies in other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved,

fcirl of E mill's Bill, committed *

Exton, &c. Inclosure Bill,

Keighley Roid Bill, repotted.

Southampton and Salisbury Cana) Bill, committed-

Sooth Hyke-ham Inclosure Bill, ltported;

40 Geo. III. i (f Juni653

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William Taylor, Sir John Frederick, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to discharge, from a disputed and dormant Claim of the Public, several Estates belonging to the Right honourable William Carr, Earl of Erroll, Lord High Constable of Scotland, was read a Second Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 24th Day of this Instant June, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing; the Open Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parishes of Exton a.td Cottefmore with Barrow, in the County of Rutland, and for extinguishing the Tythes in those Parishes, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the< Title be. An Act, for dividing, allotting, arid inclosing, the Open Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parishes of Exton and Cottefmore with Barrow, in the County of Rutland, and for extinguishing the Tythes in those Parishes.

Ordered, That Sir William Loivther do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. James Lozvther reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made for repairing, amending, and widening, the Road from Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, so far as the same relate to that Part of the said Road which lies within the Counties of Westmorland and Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had dire sted him to report to the House; and^he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, For appointing additional Trustees.

And the said Clause was Twice read j and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be , made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for altering and amending an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town and County of the Town " of Southampton to the City of New in the County of Wilts, with a Collateral Branch to Norlham, " within the Liberties of the Town of ," was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the . Bill be committed to Mr. Hujfey, Mr. Bouverie of New Sarum, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Ellison reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing arid-inclosing the Open Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of South Hykeham, in the County of Lincoln, and for making Compensation to the Rector of South Hyke-ham aforesaid, in lieu of the Tythes of all the Tytheable Lands within the same Parish, was committed} That Vol. 55.

the Commitee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure; -

had been complied with j and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 16 Acres and 3 Roods of Land, who refused to lign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of 20 Acres of Land, who were neuter; and that the Whole of the Lands belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure consist of 454 Acres a Roods and x 2 Perches; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments-, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill; with the Amendments; be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing; allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Bin' ° Township of Ingburchworth, in the Parish of Penistone, passed^ in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 13. I.12. To leave out from against " to , " any " in 1. ia.

1. 15. To leave out " thereof" and insert " of the said Township of /

" burchworth,"instead thereof.

1. 16. To leave out " respectively."

1. 38. To leave out " Lord and."

Pr. 16. 1. 21 1

and > To leave out " Lord and.' *

22. j

Pr. 35. 1.. 31. After " Commissioner " to insert " or " any Justice of the Peace for the " said Riding, or Matter Extraordinary in Chancery, are and each "of them."

And the said Amendments were,'upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Ingburchworth, in the Parish of Penistone, in the West Riding of the County of York. > -

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Gascoyne do carry to the Lords the Mr. Gascoyne ingrossed Bill to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Second Year of King James the First, as prohibits the Hides and Use of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes; and th *

for better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the flaying thereof, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Mr. Alderman Curtis reported from the Committee, London Carta to whom the Bill for extending the Powers of Two Acts, Bill, reported passed in the Eighteenth and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to prevent the Misbehaviour of the Drivers of Carts in the Streets in London, Westminster, and the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereupto, which they had directed hint to report to the House; and he read the Report in his

8 D Place;

King's Con lent to Whit-foi.i Inciosure H»1J.

Bill if ad the Third Time.

Irish Act of

Election,

presented.

; /

654 i 6° Junii.

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the annexed, as by the within is commanded so answers Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Re- William Cler. Parliamentor.: We have all'o seen

port was read. - the before mentioned Schedule, containing the Tenor of

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further the aforesaid Act, and to the said Writ annexed, with the Consideration upon this Day Sevennight. Hand and Seal of the said William Esquire,

tigned and lealed thereto, and filed in Our laid Court of A Motion being made. That the ingrossed Bill for di- Chancery, and among our Records there remaining, in viding, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Lands and these Words; (towit) " In the Parliament begun and Marshes, in the Parish of Whitford, in the County of " held'at Dublin, the Twenty-first Day of Av.gvfi, in the Flint, and for fencing the said Marshes, be now read the " Year of Our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Third Time; " Ninety-leven, and in the Thirty-seventh Year of the

Th.e Lord Hawkesbury(by His Majesty's Command) " Reign of Our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the

acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been " Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Con- " King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, and there sent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that " continued by several Prorogations and Adjournments the House may do therein as they shall think fit. " until this Time, by the Consent of the Lords as well

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time. " Spiritual as Temporal, and of the Commons, in Par-

Ordered, That the further Proceeding upon the Third " liament assembled, the following Statute, amongst Reading of the said Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow " others, was ordained, enabled, and established, the Morning. . " Tenor of which follows in these Words; (to wit) An Act to regulate the Mode by which the Lords Spiri- Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the " tual and Temporal, and the Commons, to serve in the House, by His Majesty's Command, ' " Parliament of the United Kingdom on the Part ol

Exemplification, under the Great Seal of Ireland, of " Ireland, shall be summoned and returned to the said

an Act, passed in the present Session of the Parlia- " Parliament: Whereas it is agreed by the Fourth Ar-

ment of Ireland, intituled, "An Act to regulate the " tide of Union, That Four Lords Spiritual of " Mode by which the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, " by Rotation of Sessions, and Twenty-eight Lords " and the Commons, to serve in the Parliament of " Temporal of Ireland, elected for Life by the Peers of " the United Kingdom, on the Part of Ireland, shall " Ireland, lit all be the Number'to fit and vote on the' " be summoned and returned to the said Parliament." " Part of in the House of Lords of the Parlia-

And the Title of the said Exemplification wai read. " ment of the United Kingdom; and One Hundred The laid Exemplification is as followeth; viz." Commoners (Two for each County of Ireland, Two

" for the City of Dublin, Two for the City of Cork, One Exemplification, under the Great Seal of Irefor the College of the Holy Trinity of Dublin, and One

land, of an Act, passed in the present Session of the " for each of the Thirty-one most considerable Cities, Parliament, of Ireland, intituled, "An Act to re- " Towns and Boroughs) be the Number to fit and vote " gulate the Mode by which the Lords Spiritual " on the Part of Ireland in the House of Commons of " and Temporal, and the Commons, to serve in the Parliament of the United Kingdom; be it enacted the Parliament of the United Kingdom, on the " by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with " Part of Ireland, shall be summoned and return- " the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and " ed to the said Parliament." " Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That the George the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great " said Four Lords Spiritual shall be taken from among Britain, France, and Ireland King, Defender of the " the Lords Spiritual of Inland in the Manner follow-

Faith, and so forth: To all to whom these Presents shall " ing; that is to say; That One of the Four Arch-

come, Greeting: We have seen a certain Writ of Certio- " bishops of Ireland, and Three of the Eighteen Bishops

rari lately issued forth of Our Court of Chancery of " of Ireland, shall fit in the House of Lords of the Ireland, directed to Our trusty and Well beloved William " United Parliament in each Session thereof, the said

Mel.ke, Esquire, Our Clerk of Our Parliament in Our " Right of fitting being regulated as between the said

said Kingdom of Ireland, together with a certain Re- " Archbishops respectively by a Rotation among the turn or Endorsetnent made thereon, and returned into " Archiepiicopal Sees frorr) Session to Session, and in like Our said Court of Chancery, and among Our Records " Manner that of the Bishops by alike Rotation among there remaining, in these Words; (to wit) "Georgethe " the Episcopal Sees: That the Primate of all Ireland " Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, " for the Time being shall fit in the First Session of the " and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth: " Parliament of the United Kingdom, the Archbishop

" To Our trusty and Well beloved William Meeke, Ef- " of Dublin for the Time being in the Second, the Archquire, Clerk of Our Parliament, in Our said Kingdom " bishop of for the Time being in the Third, the " of Ireland, Greeting: We being willing, for certain " Archbishop of for the Time being in the Fourth, " Rcalons to be certified concerning the Tenor of a cer- " and so by Rotation of Sessions for ever, such Rotation " tain Act, made and ordained in Our Parliament of " to proceed regularly and without Interruption from " Ireland, now fitting, entitled. An Act to regulate the ". Session to Session, notwithstanding any Difibiution or " Mode by which the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, " Expiration of Parliament: That Three Suffragan " and the Commons, to serve in the Parliament of the " Bishops shall in like Manner fit, according to " United Kingdom, On the Part of Ireland, shall be " Rotation of their Sees, from Session to Session, in " summoned and returned to the said Parliament: Do " the following Order; the Lord Bishop of " command you, that, without Delay, you fend into Our "the Lord Billiop of Kildare, the Lord Bishop of " Chancery of Ireland, distinctly and openly, under " Derry, in the First Session of the Parliament of " your Seal, the Tenor of the aforesaid Act, with all " the United Kingdom; the Lord Bishop " Things touching or relating to the fame, together " the Lord Bishop of Limerick, and Aghadoe,

" with this Writ: Witness, Charles Marquis Cornivallis, " the Lord Bishop of Dtomore, in the Second Session of " Our Lieutenant General and General Governor of the Parliament of the United Kingdom; the Lord " Our said Kingdom of Ireland, at Dublin, the Twelfth " Bishop bf Elphin, the Lord Billiop ol Dozen and " Day of June, in the Fortieth Year of Our Reign, " nor, the Lord Bishop of and in the

" Glentworth: Examined by Thomas Bourchier, Deputy " Third Session of the Parliament of the United KingClerk of the Crown and Hanaper:" The Execution " dom; the Lord Billiop of Leithiin and Ferns, the of this Writ appears in a certain Schedule hereunto " Lord Bishop of Cloyne, the Lord Bishop of Cork and 4 " Ross,

k

40 Geo. III. 1

655-

" Ross, in the Fourth Session of the Parliament of the United Kingdom; the Lord Bishop of Killaloe and fenora, the Lord Bishop of , the Lord Bishop of

" C/ogker, in the Fifth Session of the Parliament of the " United Kingdom; the Lord Bishop of , the " Lord Bishop of Killala and the Lord Bishop

" of Clonfert and Kilmacduagh, in the Sixth Session of the Parliament of the United Kingdom; the said " Rotation to be nevertheless subject to such Variation " therefrom, from Time to Time, as is herein after provided: That the said Twenty-eight Lords Temporal " shall be chosen by all the Temporal Peers of Ireland " in the Manner herein after provided: That each of the " said Lords Temporal so chosen shall be entitled to fit " in the House of Lords of the Parliament of the United " Kingdom during his Life; and in case of his Death,

" or Forfeiture of any of the said Lords Temporal, the " Temporal Peers of Ireland shall, in the Manner herein after provided, choose another Peer out of their " own Number to supply the Place so vacant: And be " it enacted, That of the One Hundred Commoners to " fit on the Part of Ireland in the United Parliament,

" Sixty-four shall be chosen for the Counties, and Thirty-six for the following Cities and Boroughs; videlicet;

" For each County of Ireland Two; for the City of " Dublin Two; for the City of Cork Two; for the " College of the Holy Trinity of Dublin One; for the " City of Waterford One; for the City of Limerick One;

" for the Borough of Belfast One; for the County and " Town of Drogheda One; for the County and Town of " Carrickfergus One; for the Borough of Nezvry One;

" for the City of Kilkenny One; for the City of Londonderry One; for the Town of Galway One; for the " Borough of Clonmell One; for the Town of Wexford " One; for the Town of YOne; for the Town " of Bandon- Bridge One; for the Borough of Armagh " One; for the Borough of Dundalk One; for the "'Town of KinfaleOne; for the Borough of Lisburne " One; for the Borough of Sligo One; for the Borough " of Catherlough One; for the Borough of One;

" for the Borough of Dungarvan One; for the Borough " of Downpatrick One; for the Borough of Coleraine " One; for the Town of Mallow One; for the Borough of Athlone One; for the Town of Nezv Ross One; for the Borough of Tralee One; for the City of " Cashel One; for the Borough of Dungannon One; for " the Borough of Portarlington One; for the Borough of " Enniskillen One: And be it enacted, That in case of " the summoning of a new Parliament, or if the Seat of " any of the said Commoners shall become vacant by " Death or otherwise, then the said Counties, Cities, or Boroughs, or any of them, as the same may be, shall " proceed to a new Election; and that all the other " Towns, Cities, Corporations, or Boroughs, other than " the aforesaid, shall cease to elect Representatives to " serve in Parliament; and no Meeting shall at any " Time hereafter be summoned, called, convened, or " held, for the Purpose of electing any Person or Persons to serve or ad, or be considered, as Representative or Representatives of any other Place, Town, City, " Corporation, or Borough, other than the aforesaid, or " as Representative or Representatives of the Freemen,

" Freeholders, Householders, or Inhabitants thereof, " either in the Parliament of the United Kingdom or " elsewhere (unless it shall hereafter be otherwise provided by the Parliament of the United Kingdom); " and every Person summoning, calling, or holding any " such Meeting or Assembly, or taking any Part in any " such Election or pretended Election, shall, being " thereof duly convicted, incur and suffer the Pains and " Penalties ordained and provided by the Statute of " Provision aind Praemunire, made in the Sixteenth " Year of the Reign of Richard the Second: For the " due Election of the Persons to be chosen to fit in the " respective Houses of the Parliament of the United " Kingdom on ^ie, Part of be it enacted, That

Vol. 55.

" on the Day following that on which the Ad forestab- ln(h Aflof " lishing the Union shall have received the Royal Ai- *

" font, the Primate of all Ireland, the Lord Bishop of " Meath, the Lord Bishop of , and the Lord

" Bishop of Derry, shall be, and they are hereby declared " to be the Representatives of the Lords Spiritual of " Ireland in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, for " the First Session thereof; and that die Temporal Peers " of Ireland shall assemble at Twelve of the Clock on " the same Day as aforesaid, in the now accustomed " Place of Meeting of the House of Lords of Ireland,

" and shall then and there proceed to elect Twentyeight Lords Temporal to represent the Peerage of Ireland in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, in the following Manner; that is to say; the Names of " the Peers shall be called over according to their Rank,

" by the Clerk of the Crown, or his Deputy, who shall " then and there attend for that Purpose; and each of " the said Peers who, previous to the said Day, and in the present Parliament, shall have actually taken his " Seat in the House of Lords of and who shall

" there have taken the Oaths, and signed the Decjaration, which are or shall be by Law required to be " taken and signed by the Lords of the Parliament of " Ireland before they can fit and vote in the Parliament " thereof, shall, when his Name is called,. deliver, either " by himself or his Proxy (the Name of such Proxy " having been previously entered in the Books of the " House of Lords of Ireland, according to the present " Forms and Usages thereof) to the Clerk of the Crown,

" or his Deputy (who shall then and there attend for " that Purpose) a List of Twenty-eight of the Temporal Peers of Ireland; and the Clerk of the Crown Or " his Deputy shall then and there publickly read the said " Lifts, and shall then and there cast up the said Lifts,

" and publickly declare thfe Names of the Twenty-eight " Lords who shall be chosen by the Majority of Votes " in the said Lifts, and shall make a Return of the said " Names to the House of Lords of the First Parliament " of the United Kingdom; and the Twenty-eight Lords " so chosen by the Majority of Votes in the said Lifts " shall, during their respective Lives, fit as Representatives of the Peers of Ireland in the House of Lords " of the United Kingdom, and be entitled to receive " Writs of Summons to that and every succceding " Parliament; and in case a complete Election shall not " be made of the whole Number of Twenty-eight Peers,

" by reason of an Equality of Votes, the Clerk of the " Crown shall return such/Number in Favour of whom " a complete Election shall have been made in One " Lift, and in a Second Lift shall return the Names of " those Peers who shall have an Equality of Votes, but in " Favour of whom, by reason of such Equality, a complete Election shall not have been made; and the " Names of the Peers in the Second Lift, for whom an.

" equal Number of Votes shall have been fogiven, shall " be written on Pieces of Paper Of a similar Form, and " shall be put into a Glass by the Clerk of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, at the Table of the " House of Lords thereof, whilst the House is fitting;

" and the Peer whose Name shall be first drawn out by " the Clerk of the Parliament, shall be dceiped the Peer " elected; and so successively as often as the same " may require; and whenever the Seat of any of the " Twenty-eight Lords Temporal so elected shall be vacated by Decease or Forfeiture, the Chancellor, the " Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal of the " United Kingdom for the Time being, upon receiving a " Certificate under the Hand and Seal of any Two Lords " Temporal of the Parliament of the United Kingdom,

" certifying the Decease of such Peer, or on View of the " Record of Attainder of such Peer, shall direct a Writ ",to be issued under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, to the Chancellor, the Keeper or Commissioners " of the Great Seal of Ireland for the Time being, directing him or them to cause Writs to be issued, by the

656

16° Juniu

A % 1800.

Trish Act of sch^t ion — Continued,

Xt

(C

the Clerk of the Crown in I to every Temporal Peer of Ireland, who shall have fat and voted in the House of Lords of Ireland before the Unions or whole Right to fit and vote therein, or to vote at such , Elections, shall, on Claim made in his Behalf, have been admitted by the House of Lords of Ireland before the Union, or after the Union by the House of Lords of the United Kingdom; and Notice shall forthwith be published by the said Clerk of the Crown, in The London and Dublin Gazettes, of the issuing of such Writs, and of the Names and Titles of all the Peers to whom the same are directed; and to the said Writs there shall be annexed a Form of Return thereof, in which a Blank shall be left for the Name of the Peer to be elected; and the said Writs shall enjoin each Peer, within Fifty-two Days from the Teste of the Writ, to return the same into the Crown Office of Ireland, with the Blank filled up, by inserting the Name of the Peer for whom he shall vote, as the Peer to succeed to the Vacancy made by Demise or Forfeiture as aforesaid; and the said Writs and Returns shall be bipartite, so as that the Name of the Peer to be chosen shall be written Twice, that is, Once on each Part of such Writ and Return, and so as that each Part may also be subscribed by the Peer to whom the same shall be directed, and likevyife be sealed with his Seal of Arms j and One Part of the said Writs and Returns, so filled up, subscribed, and sealed as above, shall remain of Record in the Crown Office of land, and the other Part shall be certified by the Clerk of the Crown to the Clerk of the Parliament of the United Kingdom; and no Peer of Ireland, except such as shall have been elected as Representative Peers on the Part of Ireland in the House of Lords of the United Kingdom, and shall there have taken the Oaths, and signed the Declaration prescribed by Law, shall, under Pain of differing such Pu-nifiiment as the House of Lords of the United Kingdom may award and adjudge, make a Return to such Writ, unless he shall, after the issuing thereof, and before the Day on which the Writ is returnable, have taken the Oaths and signed the Declaration which are or shall be by Law required to be taken and signed by the Lords of the United Kingdom, before they can fit and vote in the Parliament thereof; which Oaths and Declaration shall be either taken and subscribed in the Court of Chancery of or be-

fore One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, a Certificate whereof, signed by such Justices of the Peace, or by the Register of the said Court of Chancery, shall be transmitted by such Peer with the Return, and shall be annexed to that Part thereof remaining of Record in the Crown Office of Ireland; and the Clerk of the Crown shall forthwith, after the Return Day of the Writs, cause to be published in The London and Dublin Gazettes, a Notice of the Name of the Person chosen by the Majority of Votes; and the Peer so cholen shall, during his Life, be One of the Peers to fit and vote on the Part of Ireland in the House of Lords of the United Kingdom; and in case the Votes shall be equal, the Names of such Persons who have an equal Number of Votes in their Favour, shall be written on Pieces of Paper of a fimi-lar Form , and shall be put into a Glass by the Clerk of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, at the Table of the House of Lords, whilst the House is, fitting; and the Peer whose Name shall be first drawn out by the Clerk of the Parliament shall be deemed the Peer elected: And be it enacted, That in case any Lord Spiritual, being a Temporal Peer of the United Kingdom, or being a Temporal Peer of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, shall be chosen by the Lords Temporal to be One of the Representatives of the Lords Temporal, in every such Case, during the Life of such SpirituaiPeerbeingaTemporal Peer of the United Kirlgdom, or being aTemporal Peerof that Part " of the United Kingdom called Ireland, so chosen to represent the Lords Temporal, the Rotation of Representation of the Spiritual Lords shall proceed to the " next Spiritual Lord, without regard to such Spiritual " Lord so chosen a Temporal Peer; that is to say; if such " Spiritual Lord shall be an Archbishop, then the Rotation shall proceed to the Archbishop whose See is " next in Rotation, and if such Spiritual Lord shall be a " Suffragan Bishop, then the Rotation shall proceed to " the Suffragan Bishop whose See is next in Rotation:

" And whereas by the said Fourth Article of Union it is " agreed, that if His Majesty shall, on or before the " First Day of January next, declare, under the Great " Seal of Great Britain, that it is expedient that the Lords " and Commons of the present Parliament of " tain should be the Members of the respective Houses " of the First Parliament of the United Kingdom on the " Part of Great Britain, then the Lords and Commons " of the present Parliament of Great Britain shall accordingly be the Members of the respective Houses " of the First Parliament of the United Kingdom on the " Part of Great Britain; be it enacted, for and in that " same only, That the present Members of the Thirtytwo Counties of Ireland, and the Two Members for " the City of Dublin, and the Two Members for the " City of Cork, shall be, and they are hereby declared to " be, by virtue of this Act, Members for the said Counties " and Cities in the First Parliament of the U . Led Kingdom; and that, on a Day and Hour to be apppointed by His Majesty under the Great Seal of Ireland, previous to the said First Day of One thousand

" Eight hundred and One, the Members then serving " for the College of the Holy Trinity of Dublin, and for " each of the following Cities or Boroughs; that is to " say; the City of Waterford, City of Limerick, Borough of Belfaf, County and Town of Drogheda, " County and Town of Carrickfergus, Borough of " ry. City of Kilkenny, City of Londonderry, Town of " Galway, Borough of Clonmell, Town of Wexford, Town . of Yougkall, Town of Bandon- Bridge, Borough of " Armagh, Borough of Dundalk, Town of Kinfale, Borough of Lisburne, Borough of Sligo, Borough of Catherlough. Borough of Ennis, Borough of Dungarvan, " Borough of Downpatrick, Borough of Coleraine, Town " of Mallow, Borough of Athlone, Town of New " Borough of Tralee, City of Cashel, Borough of Dungannon. Borough of Portarlington, and Borough of " Enniskillen, or any Five or more of them, shall meet in

" the now usual Place of Meeting of the House of " Commons of Ireland, and the Names of the Members then serving for the said Places and Boroughs, " shall be written on separate Pieces of Paper, and the " said Papers being folded-up, shall be placed in a Glass " or Glades, and shall luax (lively be drawn thereout " by the Clerk of the Crown, or his Deputy, who shall " then and there attend for that Purpose; and the " first drawn. Name of a Member of each of the aforesaid Places or Boroughs shall be taken as the Name " of the Member to serve for the said Place or Borough " in the First Parliament of the United Kingdom; and " a Return of the said Names shall be made by the " Clerk of the Crown, or his Deputy, to the House of " Commons of the First Parliament of the United " Kingdom; and a Certificate thereof shall be given " respectively by the said Clerk of the Crown, or his " Deputy, to each of the Members whole Names shall " have been so drawn: Provided always, That it may . " be allowed to any Member of any of the said Places " or Boroughs, by personal Application to be then and " there made by him to the Clerk of the Crown, " or his Deputy, or by: Declaration in Writing under " his Hand, to be transmitted by him to the Clerk of " the Crown previous to the said Day so appointed as " above, to withdraw his Name previous to the Drawing of the Names by Lot; in which Cafe, or in that'

" of

' . \

40 Geo. III. 1 6° Juni657

" ofaVacancy ,by Death or otherwise, of'One of the Mertibers of any of the said Places or Boroughs, at the Time " of lb-drawing the Names, the Name of the Other Member shall be returned as aforesaid as the Name of the " Member to servefor such Place in the First Parliament " of the United Kingdom; or if both Members for any such Place or Borough shall so withdraw their Names, or " if there. shall be a Vacancy of both Members at the Time aforesaid, the Clerk of the'Crown shall certify " the same to the House of Commons of the First Parliament of the United Kingdom, and shall also express, in such Return, whether any Writ shall then " have issued for the Election of a Member or Members-to supply such Vacancy; and if a Writ shall so " have issued for the Election of One Member only, " such Writ shall be superseded, and any Election to be thereafter made thereupon dial 1-be null and of no " Effect; and if such Writ dial) have issued for the " Election of Two Members, the said Two Members " shall be chosen accordingly, and their Names being returned by the Clerk of the Crown to the House of " Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, " One of the said Names shall then be drawn, by Lot, an such Manner and Time as the said House of Commons shall direct; and the Person whose Name shall be so drawn, shall be deemed to be the Member to lit for such Place in the First Parliament of the " United Kingdom; but if, at the Time aforesaid, no Writ shall have issued to supply such Vacancy, none c‘ shall thereafter issue until the same be ordered by Resolution of the House of Commons of the Parliament " of the United Kingdom, as in the same of any other VacancyofaSeat in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom: And be it enacted, That " whenever His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, 44 shall, by Proclamation under the Great Seal of the " United Kingdom, summon a New Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and , the

44 Chancellor, Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Ireland, shall cause Writs to be issued to " the several Counties, Cities, the College of the Holy' Trinity of Dublin, and Boroughs in that Part of the United Kingdom called specified in this

44 Act, for the Election of Members to serve in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, according to the Number hereinbefore set forth; and whenever any Vacancy of a Seat in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, for any of the said Counties, Cities, or Boroughs, or for the said Col- lege of the Holy Trinity of Dublin, shall arise, by Death or otherwise, the Chancellor, Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal, upon such Vacancy being certified to them respectively, by the proper Warrant, shall forthwith cause a Writ to issue for the Election of a " Person to fill up such Vacancy; and such Writs, and 4,4 the Returns thereon, respectively being returned into the Crown Office in that Part of the United " Kingdom called Ireland, shall from thence be transmitted to the Crown Office in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, and be certified to the House " of CommonsinthefameManneras the like Returns have been usually or shall hereafter be certified; and Co- pies of the said Writs and Returns, attested by the Chancellor, Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Ireland for the Time being, shall be preserved in the Crown Office of Ireland, and shall be Evidence of such Writs and Returns, in case the original \Vrits " and Returns shall be loft."

44 1, William Meeke, Esquire, Clerk of the Parliament of Ireland, by virtue of the Writ of Certiorari of Our said Lord the King, to me directed, and hereunto an- nexed. Do certify the foregoing Writing to be the tri^ Tenor of the Act of Parliament aforesaid in the said Writ mentioned: In Witness whereof, I have to this Schedule affixed my Seal, and subscribed my Name, dated this Twelfth Day of June, in the Year' Vol. 55.

" of Our Lord One thousand Eight hundred, William " Meeke, Cler. Parliamentor.We therefore have commanded that the several Tenors of the aforesaid Writ, Return, and Ad, shall be exemplified by these Presents: In Witness whereof We have caused these Our Letters to be made Patent: Witness, Charles Marquis Cornwallis, Our Lieutenant General and General Governor of Our said. Kingdom of at , the

Thirteenth Day of Jime, in the Fortieth Year of Our Reign.

(L. Si) Glent worth.

Ordered, That the said Exemplification do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House-

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hoqfe, upon the Bill for the better regulating the Practice, and for preventing Delays in the Proceedings, of the Court of Common Pleas at Lancaster, be now read.

' And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Foden, of the City of Coventry, Chy-mist and Cotton Manufacturer, was referred, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vizi

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Discovery made by Mr. Thomas Foden, of a Chrystalline Size and Paste from Vegetable and Mineral Substances, as a Substitute for Wheat Flour in all Purposes of Manufacture where Wheat Flour is used, is likely to be attended with most important Advantages to this Kingdom, and may save the Use of Wheat Flour to a very considerable Extent.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, humbly to lay the said Resolution before His Majesty; and to request that His Majesty will be graciously pleased to direct such further Enquiry to be made on the Subject as shall be necessary for ascertaining, whether the Ingredients for making the said Substitute can be furnished in sufficient Quantities, and at such reasonable Prices, as to afford a Supply equal to the Consumption which may be required for the various Manu-fadures in which it may be useful; and, in case it shall appear that the said Discovery can be carried to such an Extent as to be of considerable National Advantage, to order such Sum to be advanced to the said Thomas Foden for that Purpose as His Majesty shall judge proper; and to assure His Majesty that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That a Copy of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the said Petition of Thomas Foden was referred, be humbly laid before His Majesty at the same Time with the said Address.

The Ploufe was moved, That the Report which, upon the Sth Day of Maylaft, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Journeymen Cotton Weavers, in the several Counties of York,

Lancaster, and Derby; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Master Manufacturers 8 E or-

Lancaster Court of Common Pleas Bill deferred.

Report on Mr. Pollen's Petition.

Address thereupon.

Report to be laid before His Majesty.

Cotton Manu-fasturers Bill, ordered.

Report on Per fmi'ci y Duly Atf.

Report on Importation of Waste Paper.

The Lords have agiticd to

Public Accountants Bill.

Thurtiontaml Inclouuc Bid.

W inter boj ne Incioiuic 1>:11.

658 16° Junit. A. r8oo.

or Cotton Weaver;, in ine several Counties of Chester, York, and La)n\jl:r, were referred, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for settling Disputes that mav arile between Ivlafrers and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture, and for the better Prevention of the Embezzlement of West, in that Part of Great Britain called England: And that

o

Mr. Stanley and Mr. Rlaekburne of do pre-

pare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Braggc, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on " Perlumery, Hair Powder, and other Articles therein " mentioned, and on Licences to be taken out by Persons uttering or vending the lame," the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was_ read; and is as followeth; viz.

Rejclved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties granted by the said Act do ccai'e and determine.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of permitting the Importation of Waste Paper Duty free, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duty now payable upon Waste Paper imported into this Kingdom do ccaie and determine, except the Duty imputed by an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, reed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Braggs, Mr. and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually charging Public Accountants with the Payment of Interest; for allowing Interest to them in certain Cafes; and for compelling the Payment of Balances due from them; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within/ the Manor and Township of 'Vhurjhnland, in the Pari Hi of in the West

Riding of the County of Y; without any Amendment: And alto.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Commons, and Waste 2

Lands, in the Parish of Wintsrborne in the County of DurJ'et, and for extinguishing the Tythes in the same Parish; without any Amendment: And alfix.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to give to Trustees Powers of Sale, Exchange, and Partition, over such of the Shares of Estates comprized in the Marriage Settlement of IVi WarnBarbor, Esquire, as are

situate in the County of and to lay out the

Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Estates, to be situate in the County of Devon, and to give a Power of changing and appoint ing new Trustees of the EPiates so to be sold; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And alto.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Alexander John GaMured; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.1

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Alexander John Capper a was read

the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from tire

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to authorize Bakers and other Persons to sell Bread to Pits Majesty's Forces on their March' which shall not have been baked Twenty-four Hours, and to indemnify all Persons by whom such Bread may have been folold, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Mr. Ryderpresented to the Floufe, according to Or-

der, a Bill for permitting the free Importation of Linfced Cakes and Rape Cakes in Neutral Ships: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ryder presented to the Floufe, according to Order, a Bill for further continuing and amending an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and permit the Importation, of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ryder presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill further to continue, for a Time to be limited, several Acts relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the ilfuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Sapond Reading of the Bill to incorporate certain Persons By the Name of " The London Company for the Manufacture " of Flour, Meal, and Bread

A Motion

The Lords have passed Bai bois Ef tate Bill.

M > reefs Nat B.Ji.

M u cet's Nat. Bill, read.

Bakers Indemnity Bill, repoi ted.

Linseed Cakes, &c. Bill, presented.

Corn Imports t?ou Bill, presented.

Neutral Ships Bill, presented. *

Bill to incorporate the Flour Company of London, committed.

Eatl India Goods Bill, pi-dented.

ComtIKttct of

Supply.

Estimate of Allowances toMilitin Officers, referred.

40 Geo. III. 16° Juniu . , 659

/ *

55-

27-

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

rp , x, (the Lord )

Tellers for the V eas, ' J

(Mr./ f ilh am Dun das: )

Tellers for the Noes, $ Mr. j

I Mr. Tierney: 3

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time. And the House being informed that Counsel attended; . *

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Counsel be now called in;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, \ J‘r Yeung, \

(Mr Pierrepont: $

Tellers for the Noes, j ?fin }

f Mr. Braggs: 5

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Hazike/bury, Mr. Bragge, he: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Mr. Rose presenti^ to the House, according to Order, a Bill to remove Doubts arising from the Conllruction of an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for permitting certain Goods imported from the East Indies to be w'arehoused i and for repealing the Duties now payable " thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning. '

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the wdiole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, That the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Expence of Allowances to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace, be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the- House, That His Majesty recommends it to the House, to make Inch Provision for defraying the Expence of Allowances to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace, as they shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had dLredted him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That lie Was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole, H.oule, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

VOL. 55.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent Frauds in the buying " and felling of Hops," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

' Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Persons, whole Names are there-undersigned, being Members of a Committee appointed by the Subscribers to a Fund for the Relief of the industrious Inhabitants of the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and the adjacent Parishes, from the Distress occasioned by the High Price of the Necessaries of Life, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resplve itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the Townfiiips, Parishes, or Places, of East Flotmanby, West Flotmanby, Folkton, Fix.'on, S/axton,

Willerby, Binnington, Ganton, Potter

Eafi Heflerton, and West Hefierton, in the East Riding

of the County of York, and in the several Townfiiips, Parishes, or Places, of Snaintcn, Brompton, ham, Hutton Bushell, Wefi Ay ton, Eafi Orton, Seamer,

Cayton, Lebberfion, Grifihorpe, Hackness and Seal-by, in the North Riding of the same County, w'as presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for draining, embanking, and preserving, certain Tracts of Low Lands, within the several Townfiiips, Parishes, or Places, of Mafion, Eafi Flotmanby, West Flotmanby, Folkton, FUxton, S I Filler by, Binnington, Ganton, Potter Brompton, SherEafi

Hefierton, Yeddingham, Knapton, Seampfion,

Rillington, Scagg/ethorpe, Setteriand Norton, in the

East Riding of the County of York, and within the several Parishes, Townfiiips, or Places, of Maltcn, Pickering, Thornton, Allerfion, Ebberfion, Yeddingham Abbey, Snainton, Brompton; Rufion, Wy Hutton West

Ayton, East Ayton, Orton, Seamer, Cayton, Lebberfione, Grifihorpe, Hackness, and Sealby, in the North Riding of the said County; and Setting forth. That the said Bill contains divers Powers and Regulations, which, if carried into EtTeft, will be very prejudicial to the Rights and Interests of the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against such Parts of the said Bill as may aftedt them; and that it may not be passed into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the . Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inllrudlion to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Estates, in the Parishes of Claypole, Great Ponton, and Kirton, in the County of Lincoln, deviled by the Will of the Reverend William Rafiall, Doctor in Divinity, and for laying out the Money arising by Sale thereof in the Purchase ot other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pierrepont, Mr. Ellison, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An

A Si to prevent Frauds in Hops, to be considered.

Committee on Petition for Relief to Poor of Londooj&c descried. \

Petition of Land Owners, against Muf-ton, &c.

Di aiiiagcBHl.

Raflall't Ellate Bill, committed *

A. 1800.

Potency's I tbtc Bill, committed.

\6a — 17° Junii.

66 o

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees therein named to repair the new Bridge over the River Avon, from the City of Bath to the Manor of Bat/nvick, and to raise a sufficient Sum for

that Purpose by a Charge on the Trust Estates of the late General Pulteney, or to apply in that Manner certain Sums which may be payable to the said Trust Estates from the Company of Proprietors of the Kennet and Avon Canal Navigation, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Pulteney, Mr. Jodrell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

the Duties of Excise, and to lodge the same in Ware-houses, and tb allow the same to be thipped free of Duty as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships oil their Voyages.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through thd Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Lmd Ta The Order of the Day being read, for the House to fndmJnUyBiJ re^ve tself into a Committee of the whole House, to deferred.7 ' consider further of the Bill for extending the Powers of the Commissioners named in an Act, made in this prefect Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act forappointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this " Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, " Offices, and Personal Estates, in , and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties " on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service " of the Year One thousand Eight hundred, together " with those named in Two former Acts for appointing " Commissioners of the Land Tax';" for indemnifying such Persons named in the said Act as have acted as Commissioners of the Land Tax; and for rendering valid certain Acts done by them;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of His Majesty's most Gracious Mef-sage of the 2d Day of April last, communicating to this House the Resolutions of the Lords and Commons of Ireland respecting an Union between the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, with their Address to His Majesty thereupon;

Refolded, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to allow the Use of Sugar in the brewing of Beer, for a Time to be limited;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morqing, resolve itself into the said Committee.

BiH to allow the Use of Su-

£ir in brewing eer, deterred.

Committee on King' Mef-sage, respecting an Union with Ireland, deferred.

The Order of the Day being reac), for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to revive and continue, for a Time to be limited, such Part of an Act, made in the present Seffiotl of Parliament, for reducing the Duties upon Spirits distilled from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, and for other Purposes, as relates to the Duties on Wort or Wash brewed or made from Melasses or Sugar;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing Part of the Duties and Drawbacks of Customs on Kid Skins imported, and the Exemption of imported Kid Skins from Excise Duty on bting dressed in Great Britain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they haddiredted him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn,

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend several Laws relating to the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Bank Build. The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading? Bin, de- ing of the ingrossed Bill to empower the Governor and "rt - Company of th{f Bank of England to purchase certain

Houses and Ground contiguous to the Bank of England, and to enable them to improve certain Avenues adjacent thereto;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

D«dtand The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

tu>n Biu'de- re ^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon fcrrtd. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to restrain all Trusts and Directions in Deeds or Wills whereby the Profits or Produce of Real or Personal Estate shall be accumulated, and the beneficial Enjoyment thereof postponed beyond the Time therein limited;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a w?^ Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to lessen ^{:.PBilJ.me, the Duties on Wine and Spirits the Produce of the Bri-tijhSettlement of The Cape of Good Hope, and to empower the Importers to land the same before Payment of

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 170 die Ju?iii;

Anno 40° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1800. Prayers.

pREDERICKWilliam and Charles

Gotthold Nicolay, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Sir Henry Paulet St. John reported from the

Committee, to whom the Petition of John Davis, of Duke Street, Saint George's Fields, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To

Sugar &c.

Distillery Bill deferred.

Committee oA Kid Skint

Bin.

Stamp Duties Bill, deferred *

Ways and Mean?, deferred.

Wiftinghaufcn

and Nicolay, sworn.

Mr. Davis's Petition, rci spetting Smut^ ty Wheat, reported.

4© Geo. III.

i 70 J

661

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Join Davis, being examined, laid. That he has been

about Five Years, with great Application and considerable Expence, in bringing to Perfection his Method of cleaning and purifying damaged and Smutty Wheat, and rendering it fit for the Food of Man: That he has, in many Instances, proved the Utility and Efficacy of his Invention, and has received Testirtionials thereof from the Board of Agriculture, and from many Farmers who have had Smutty Wheat converted into good and Marketable Wheat: — And, the Witnesss produced to Your Committee, an Extract from the Minutes of the Board of Agriculture, dated 29th 1798;

and said. That, owing to the advanced Price in the Raw Material of which the Powder he makes use of is prepared, the Expence of cleaning a Load of Wheat now, would be more than is stated in those Minutes: — And, he added. That he is willing to relinquish all Right and Title to'his Discovery for the Benefit of the Public, on receiving such Recompence and Reward for the Expence he has incurred, and as the Importance of his Discovery shall appear to deserve: — And, the Witness being further examined, said, That Two Men can clean Forty Bushels of Wheat a Day with One Machine: That the Expence of his Powder to clean a Load of Wheat is about Fourteen Shillings in Summer, and Seventeen Shillings in Winter: That the Materials of which his Powder is made, can be procured in all Parts of the Country, and that every Person will be able to prepare it with the greatest Ease; and that it is perfectly harm lets, both to Mah and Bcaft: That the Quantity of Powder to clean a Load of Wheat will weigh from about Sixty to Eighty Pounds, and that the same Powder will do again to clean more Wheat, losing about One Half in cleaning each Load: That the Price of the Machine may , be about Ten Guineas: That the Preparation of the Powder, when at Fourteen Shillings and Seventeen Shillings for the Load of Wheat, will coll Seven Shillings in Summer^and Eight or Nine Shillings in Winter: — And, being asked, if he knew whether any of the Wheat cleaned by him had been Town, and what Sort of Wheat it produced ? he laid. He did not know whether any of it had been sown or not; his only Object having been to make the Wheat, when smutty, good and fit for Food: — Then,

John Mackaness, Esquire, being examined, said, That Mr. Davishad cleaned Wheat for him: That at one Time

he cleaned about a Peck, about One-third of which was very smutty: That Two Samples of this were taken to Market, One smutty, the other clean j. lor the Smutty Wheat a Mealman offered 12. the Load, and for the other £. 16. 16 s.:That he afterwards had Eight

Quarters cleaned, which fold for £ 18. 55. the Load: That the Method practised by Mr. Davis seemed perfectly easy, and was very expeditious: And, the Witness

added. That he knew several Farmers who have had Wheat cleaned by Mr. Davis, and that they had all expressed their highest Satisfaction with the Manner of its being done: — Then,

A Member present informed Your Committee, That lie had leen the Process of Mr. s Method of

cleaning Smutty Wheat: That he had seen Haifa Bushel of Smutty Wheat put into his Machine, and delivered therefrom in the Spate of Ten Minutes perfectly clean, and the Smell scarcely perceptible: That a Portion of it so cleaned was immediately put into a Bag and sealed up, and carried by him- to Mr. s Mill, and there

ground in his Presence, the Broad Bran only taken out; and that he had it afterwards baked, which produced Bread, to all Appearance and Taste, perfectly sweet and wholesome: That the Process was extremely easy, and by no Means laborious, and that Women might perform the Operation as well as Men: Then the several Samples of the Wheat, mentioned by the said Member, from jt6 smutty State to that of the Bread, were produced to Y'our Committee, which proved to their Satisfaction the Vol. 55.

great Benefit which might result from Mr. Ddvis's Invention being publickly known.

APPENDIX.

Extract from the Minutes of the Board of Agriculture, May 29th, 1798.

Present,

The Right honourable Lord Somerville, President j

Earl Moira, Mr.

Lord Vifc Newark, Mr. Summer,

Lotd Rancliffe, M. P. Mr. Millington,

Sir J. Sinclair, M. P. Col. Graham.

Secretary, Arthur , Esq;

Read a Letter from Mr. Robinson, His Majesty's Bailiff, on Mr. Davis's Method of cleaning Smutty Wheat, and attended the Experiment; Mr. Davis being in waiting, in Nine Minutes he cleaned the Wheat received from His Majesty's Farm, foas to make it saleable at a common Price; but Friction, in the same Degree, without his Powder, would not have the EffeCL Mr. Davis informed the Board, that the Expence of cleaning a Load would not, to a Farmer, with proper Conveniencies, cost more than 7 . 6

The Secretary received Instructions from the President to shew the Samples to a Mealman; he had an Opportunity of laying them directly before Mr. Joseph Bell, Miller, Flour Factor, and Baker, of N° 86, Watling Street, who, on examining them carefully, pronounced that the Black Wheat was not worth more than 35 a Quarter; that the Sample treated with Friction only, was worth 40^. but still fit only for Blues, of which Gingerbread is made; but that the Sample fully wrought with Mr. Davis's Powder was a very-good Sample of Wheat, and now worth about 54 s.a Quarter.

Resolved, That it appears to the Board that the Discovery of Mr. Davis is very easily practicable on any Scale, effective, highly useful and important, and that he deserves the Encouragement of all Farmers.

A true Copy,

June 1 itfi, 1800.

In the Absence of Arthur Young, Esq; Secretary,

John Talbot Dillon,

Undersecretary.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Connington the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and p ' Waste Grounds, within the Pari ft 1 of Connington, in the County of Cambridge, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Connington, in the County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Yorke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire, their Concurrence.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to Pawnbroker whom the Bill for more effectually regulating the Trade ®lU'rtporte^ or Business of Pawnbrokers, was committed j That the . Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report to the Heuse; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments wer Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put there-

8 F upon.

j by

66i

i']0 yunit. A. 1806.

Bill re commuted with «tfpc& to Ciautet.

C flinglon Tn-ciqjure Bui) passed.

Horncartle Wa-vig-tion recommitted BJi, reported.

Wcrthen Inclosure and D1 ainage Bill# parted.

Petition of Mr. Cruafdaile, against Spar-fty>it Inclosure Bill.

upon. One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

And it appearing that several Clauses were intended to be offered to be added to the said Bill;

Rfu'.ved, That the said Bill be re-committed with respect to the said Clauses.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Heath Lands, and Open and Common Fields, Cortimon Pastures, and Commonable Lands, within the Barish of Cafftngton, in the County of , and in the Hamlet

ot Wcrton, otherwise Workton, within the said Parish, was

read the Third Time. *

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 56. 1. 17. To leave out from " Lives" to " fave" in 1. 19.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House $ and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. '

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Heath Lands, and Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Ciftington, in the County of , and in the Hamlet

of Worton, otherwise Workton, within the said Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. John Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for enabling the Horncastle Navigation Company to rail'e a further Sum of Money to complete the said Navigation, and for amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His' present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Navigation, was re-committed , That the Committee had made One other Amendment to the Bill, which they, had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Lands, in the several Manors of Aston Pigot, Worthen, and Aston , in the

Parish of Worthen, in the County of Salop, and for (heightening, widening, and deepening, a certain Rivulet or Brook called The Rea, commencing at or near a certain Piece of Water called Marten Pool, on the Confines of the Parish of Chirbury, and extending through the said Parish of Worthen, to a Bridge across the said River, called Horse Bridge, on the Confines of the Parish of bury, in the said County, and sundry Streams or Brooks emptying themselves thereinto, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, cerj tain Waste Lands, in the Manor of and the

Manors or Townships of Aston Pigot and Aston Rogers, in the Parish of Worthen, in the County of and for draining, and otherwise improving, certain inclosed Lands adjoining or near a certain Rivulet or Brook called The Rea, commencing at or near a certain Piece of Water called Marton Pool, on the Confines of the Parish of Chirbury, and extending through the said Parish of Worthen, to a Bridge across the said River, called Horse Bridge, on the Confines of the Parish of Westbury, in the said County, and sundry Streams or Brooks emptying themselves thereinto.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Defpard Cro, of Golden Square, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, One of the Guardians

7

of Thomas Spiers GcXbit, an Infant, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Waste and Down Ground, within the Parish or Township of Sparft/olt, in the County of Berks, and within the Hamlet of Westcote, in the same Parish and County j and Setting forth, That the said Thomas Spiers Gabbit is Lord of the Manor of Sparfholt, and, as such, is entitled to the Soil of the Common Pasture, Waste, and Down Ground, and also to certain Lands and Grounds, and other Hereditaments, within the same Manor; and that the said Bill, as it now Hands, does not propose an adequate Compensation to the said Thomas Spiers Gabbit for his Rights and Interests in and to the Lands and Grounds thereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inejofed) and will, if passed into a Law, materially injure his Property in the said Manor: And therefore pray ing. That he (as Guardian to, and on Behalf of, the said Thomas Spiers Gabbit) may be heard, by himself or his Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may be injurious to the Rights and Interests of the said Thomas Spiers Gabbit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed i and that the Petitioner ba heard, by himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard,1 at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whpm the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for empowering' the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to fell such Part or Parts of the Entailed Estate of Blair hall, and others, in the Counties of Fife and Perth, belongi ng to Mi stress Ann Ranaldson Wife of James

Ranaldson Ditkfon, of Blairhall, Esquire, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts and Provisions to Younger Children affecting the fame, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Frafer, Mr. Fergufou, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for confirming and establishing the Division and Inclosure of a certain Common, or Parcel of Waste Land, called SAfton Forest, otherwise The Long Forest, within the Townships of Bache, and

ton, in the Parish of Culmington, in the County of Salop, and certain Exchanges of Lands and Estates within the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made tb the bill j viz.

Pr. 7. 1. 8. After " unto" to insert " in."

Pr. 19. 1. 7. After " Parish"- to insert " or Ma-. " nor."

1. 10. After " Parish" to insert " or Manor."

Pr. 20. 1. 6. After " Parish" to insert " or Manor."

1. 15. After " Parish" to insert " or Manor."

Pr. 21. 1. 31. After"Settlements"toinfert"Trusts."

Pr. 23. 1. 5. To leave out " levied."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for confirming and establishing the Division and Inclosure of a certain Common, or Parcel of Waste Land, called Session Forest, otherwise The Long Forest, within the Townships of Session, Bache, and Norton, in

the

Mrs.Dtckfon' Estate Bill, committed *

Bill for confirming an Agreement for 6eifton, See. Inclosure# passed.

1

Wiftinghau Itn's Nat. K.ll, commiU«i.

Kirolay's Nat. Bill, committed.

WhitfotJ In-c)' sure Bill, jufitd.

Bread Assize Bill, ordered.

40 Geo. III.

17 Junii.

66 3

the Pa'rish of Culmington, in the County of and

certain Exchanges of Lands and Estates within the said Parish.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence *

A Bill for naturalizing Frederick William was read a Second Time.

Resolved\That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Anderson, Mr. John Ptlt,&c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's

Chamber.

A Bill for naturalizing Charles Gotthold Nicolay, was read a' Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Anderson, Mr. John Pitt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the ingrolfed Bill for dividing, allotting, and % inclosing, the Common Lands and Marshes, in the Parish of Whitford, in the County of Flint, and for fencing the said Marshes, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the said adjourned Proceeding.

The Amendments following were fevfcrally, proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. 1.35. After "Care" to insert "Five."

Pr. 30. 1 37. After Majesty" to insert " or of " the King's Majesty and Thomas " Lord Grey de Wilton, according to " their respective Interests."

Pr. 32. i. 1. After " Gro" to insert " Thomas " Lord Grey de ."

Pr. 50. 1. 39. After " Gro" to insert " Thomas " Lord Grey de Wilton."

Pr. 56. 1. 28. After " Gro" to insert " Thomas , " Lord Grey de ."

1. 36. After " Grosvenor" to insert " Thomas " Lord Grey de Wilton."

Pr. 57. 1. 25. After " Gr" to insert " Thomas " Lord Grey de Wilton."

Pr. 59. 1. 37. After " Grosvenor" to insert " Thomas " Lord Grey de Wilton."

Pr. 75. 1. 33. After " Grosvenor" to insert " Thomas ' " Lord Grey de Wilton, and."

Pr. 83. 1. 31. After " Wilton" to insert " as Lord " of the Manor of Holywell, brook, and ."

I.33. To leave out " his" and insert "and " Thomas Lord Grey de Wilton,

" their" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That "the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Lands and Marshes, in the Parish of in the County of Flint, and for fencing the said Marshes.

Ordered, That Mr. Williams Wynn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the due " making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize " thereof,; and to punish Persons who shall adulterate " Meal, Flour, or Bread," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act, so far as relates to setting the Assize of Bread: And that Mr. Charles Yorke, the Lord Hawkef-bury, and Mr. Rose, do prepare, and bring in, the lame. Vot. 55.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the fe- Hunmanfyr, veral Open Fields, Meadow's, Pastures, Commons, Com Bai, monable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the several t<d.

Manors or Townships of Hunmatiby and Fordon, in the Parish of Hunmanby, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making Compensation in lieu of Tythe, arising in, over, or upon the fame, and in, over, and upon certain ancient inclosed Lands in the fathe Townships, *

was read a Second Time. 1

t Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lajceiles, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Aa to^vent to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Fraud ^event to consider of an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of Hors-the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to prevent Frauds in the buying and selling of Hops," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That'it be an Instruction to the said Com- instrufliorf. mittee, that they do consider of the Mode of collecting the Duty on Hops, and of preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Trade of Hops.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, That,

he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.,

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. John Smyth accordingly reported from the said report !. Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " prevent Frauds in the buying and selling of Hops," and for the better Collection of the Duty on Hops, and to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Trade of Hops.

And Mr. John Smyth moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to BUlordtred. repeal an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent " Frauds in the buying and selling of Hops," and for the better Collection of the Duty on Hops, and to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Trade of Hops: And that Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, and Mr.

Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, Tha.t Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to St. Alban the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Wnt‘ electing of a Burgess, to lerve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of St. Albans, in the County of Hertford, in the room of the Right honourable Richard Bingham,

Earl of Lucan, in the Kingdom of Ireland, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the,

County of Buckingham.

A Motion being made. That the ingrossed Bill for di- King's Con-viding and inclosing the Open Meadows, Commonable Hyfcehfm'in-Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of South closure Bill. Hykeham, in the County of Lincoln, and for making Compensation to the Rector of South Hykeham aforesaid,. in lieu of the Tythes of all the Tytheable Lands within the same Parish, be now read the Third Time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then

Bill, ptfTcd.

Rrport on Account of C-'ln-k Fees, deferred.

Union Bill, ordcicd.

King's Mef-lage telpccting His Per for. al Property, &c.

664 170 Junk. . 1800 *

Then the said Bill was read the Thii^ Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title Le, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Pavifh of South Hykeham, in the County of and for making Compensation to the Rector of South tiskchaviaforesaid, in lieu of the Tythes of all the Tythe-able Lands within the same Parish.

Oidered, That Mr. E Ilf on do carry the Bill to the Lord;, and desire their Concurrence.

0>-aired. That the Order oT the t)ay, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Accounts of the Net Produce of the pees and Emoluments of the Clerk and Clerk Assistant attending the House of Commons, for the lad Ten Years, be how read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; '

Ordered, That the said Report be received, upon ThurjdayMorning next.

The House was moved. That His Majesty's most Gracious MefTage to this House, of the 2d Day of April lad, communicating to this House the Resolutions and Address of the Two Houses of the Parliament of Ireland, respecting an Union of the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, might be.read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Entries in the Votes of this House, of the Resolutions of both Houses of Parliament, respecting the said Union, with the Proceedings thereupon, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Entries in the Votes of this House, of the several Countervailing Duties on certain Goods imported from Ireland into Great Britain, and from Great Britain into Ireland, together with the Addresses to His Majesty thereupon, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, passed in the present Session of the Parliament of Ireland, intitule,d> " An Act to regulate the Mode by which the Lords " Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, to serve " in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, on the " Part of Ireland, shall be summoned and returned to " the said Parliament," the Exemplification of which, under the Great Seal of Ireland, was Yederday presented to the House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary , Mr.

Secretary at War, Mr. Ryder, the Lord and

Mr. Douglas, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That he^ had a MefTage from His Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered) and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty being informed that Doubts have arisen, touching the Powers veiled in His Majesty to dispose of certain Estates purchased by His Majesty, and alib concerning the Powers of His Majesty, and His Successors, to dispose of such Real Property as they may hereafter purchase, or may become entitled to otherwise, than by Descent with the Crown, and also touching the Application of, and Succession to, such Personal Property as His Majesty and His Successors may be entitled to at the Time of His or their Demise; and that Doubts have also arisen touching the Powers vested in the Queen to dispose of certain Estates purchased by

Her Majesty, as well as the general Powers of the Queen Consort to dispose of Real and Personal Property; and His Majesty being also informed, that, by reason of the Restrictions imposed on the Alienation of the Crown Lands, Difficulties have arisen where Lands escheated to His Majesty have been subject to Trulls or Charges, and that, in other Cafes, Inconveniences may arise from such Restrictions; His Majesty recommends to His faithful Commons to take these Subjects into their Consideration, and to make such Provisions concerning the lame, as may appear to them to be proper.

R.

Ordered, That His Majesty's said most Gracious MefTage be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take His Majesty's said most Gracious MefTage into Consideration.

Mr. Charles Yorke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending an Act, made in the Thirty-fird Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread: And the same was received; and read the Fird Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed *

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for permitting the free Importation of Linfced Cakes and Rape Cakes in Neutral Ships, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for further continuing and amending an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament; for enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and permit the Importation, of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; upon the said Bill.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for making Allowances, in

certain

Bread Aflizt Bill, presented *

Governors Indemnity Bill, ordered.

Lin feed Cake t See, Bill, committed.

Com Importa tion Bill, committed.

2

Report Supply.

AMowanr: - to Militia Qlh-cers.

40 Geo. III.

6 <£>

17 Junu i

Mi,

Cape of Good Hope Wire, &c. Bill, reported.

Neutral Ships Bill, CO! ted.

Kid Skins Bill, reported.

Petitions of Journeymen, &c. of Kriltol, Plymouth, and Bath, for repeal of Act of ialt SeOion.

certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was; Upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Pragge, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to lessen the Duties on Wine and Spirits the Produce of the British Settlement of The Good Hope, and to

empower the Importers to land the same before Payment of the Duties of Excise, and to lodge the same in Ware-houses, and to allow the same to be shipped free of Duty as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill, further to continue, for a Time to be limited, several Acts relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.'

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing Part of the Duties and Drawbacks of Customs on Kid Skins imported, and the Exemption of imported Kid Skins tram Excise Duty on being dressed in Great Britain, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read' throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Journeymen and Workmen redding in and about the City of Bristol: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Journeymen and Workmen redding in and about the Borough of Plymouth: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Journeymen and Workmen redding in and about the City of Bath;

Were severally presented to the House, and read j Taking Notice of an Act, passed in the last Sef-Vo1" 55-

(ion of Parliament, to prevent unlawful Com-, binations of Workmen; and Setting forth, That if is therein declared illegal, directly or indirectly, to attempt to prevail upon any Journeyman or Workman to quit the Service in which he is employed; and that the said Act, by the Use of such uncertain Terms, and others of the same Nature, has created new Crimes of boundless Extent, to which are affixed Fines, Forfeitures, and Imprisonment; and that, amongst the Crimes created by the said Act, the Breach of a Private Contraft, by refudng to work when hired; is enumerated as one, and made punishable by Discretionary Imprisonmerit, for any Time not exceeding Three Months, to the confounding of all Distinction between Public and Private Injuries; and that, in many Instances, the Crimes created by the said Act are such as will encourage wilful Perjury in Witnesses from the great Difficulty of its being discovered, and will of course expose the Petitioners to numberless falle Accusations at the Pleasure of any malicious Prosecutor; and that by the said Act Offenders are deprived of a Trial by Jury, and made subject to the Decision of a Angle Magistrate, which from the Securities required upon an Appeal, and the Expence of prosecuting it, will in Effect be always, final, the Act having expressly declared it illegal, under heavy Penalties, to subscribe any Sum for the Support of such Expences; and that no Certiorari to remove any Proceedings under this Act is allowed; and that the same Magistrate, who has thus the uncontrouled Power over Offenders within this Act, will in many Cafes be enabled to fix the Rate of Wages of Journeymen and Workmen, and upon their Refusal to work for such Wages (however inadequate to their Labour) may licence Masters to employ in their respective Trades all Persons indiscriminately, to the Detriment of those Trades, and to the utter Destruction of the Workmen who have served regular Apprentice-ships therein; and that Offenders within the said Act are'.compellable to answer Questions upon Oath, notwithstanding the several Penalties (confiding of Fines, Forfeitures, and Imprisonment) to which, in consequence, they may become liable, and for the Discharge from which Penalties the Act has made no sufficient Provision; and that, in many Parts of the said Act, the Law is materially changed, to the great Injury of all Journeymen and Workmen; and that, if it be not repealed, it will hereafter be dangerous for the Petitioners to converse with one another, or even with their own Families; and that its immediate Tendency is to excite Distrust and Jealously between their Masters and them, and to destroy the Trades and Manufactures it purports to protest: And therefore praying. That the said Act may be repealed, or that the House will give such other Relief as it shall think fit.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " relieve, upon Conditions, and under Restrictions, the " Persons therein described, from certain Penalties and " Disabilities to which Papists, or Persons pi of effing the " Popifi Religion, are by Law subject

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

8 G AMeflage

A. 1800.

The Lords have agreed to

Great Bolton Road Bill.

Ashton, &c. Road Bill.

New Sanim Gaol Bill.

Bloomsbury

improvement

Bill

Kirkhv Inclo-iurc Bill.

Epftmm Inclo-Jure Bill, with an Amendment.

Hj!c, &c. In cloi'ure Bill, with an Amendment. _

Th« Lordt have passed Briggw's

Bliate Bill *

Committee on India Govcfn tnent Bill.

666

o

17 Junn.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spranger and Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the South End of the Moor Lane, in the Township of Great , into the Turnpike Road from Manchester to near

lioughton Chapel, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading out of the Common Highway from IVigan to Golbornand Warrington, near the North-

erly End of the Southerly Platt Bridge in Ince in erfidd, by Bamferlong, into the Turnpike Road from

Wigan to Ashton, in A fit on in Mackerfield, in the County Palatine of Lancaster j without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Removal and Re-building of the Council Chamber, Guildhall, and Gaol, of the " City of Nczv Sarum, and for ascertaining the Tolls of " the Market, and regulating the Chairmen, within the " said City," as requires the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of Nezv Sarum, to build a new Gaol within the said City, or the Suburbs or Precincts thereof; and for authorizing the Commitment of Felons and other Persons within the Limits of the said City, and the Close thereof, to the Gaol of the County of Wilts; and for explaining and amending the said Act; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing and embellishing the Centre or Area of a certain Square, intended to be called Ruffe/l Square, purposed to be made in the Parish of Saint , Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlef, and for forming and making the same into a Pleasure Ground, and for continuing and keeping the same in Repair; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, the Open Arable Fields, Stinted Pastures, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Town-ship of Kearby, otherwise Kiotherwise

Netherby, in the Parish of Kiikby-Overblow, in the West Riding of the County of Y; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, and aTraft of Heath Land, within the Parish of Ensham, in the County of Oxford \ with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands in the Manors and Townships of Hale and Halewood, in the Parish of , in the County Palatine of Lancaster; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Partition of divers Estates of the late Sir Humphrey Brigges, Baronet, in which the Right honourable Richard Viscount FitzwilHam, in the Kingdom of Ireland, the

Reverend Richard Huntley, and George , Esquire, have undivided Shares; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the Bill for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the British Territories in India, and the better Administration of Justice within the same, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bilh with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better regulating the Practice, and for preventing Delays in the Proceedings, of the Court of Common Pleas at Lancaster, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrafted Bill to amend, explain, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act for the recovering of Small Debts, and for the relieving of Poor " Debtors in London," and an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the above mentioned Act, and likewise for extending the Powers of the Court of Requests in the City of London, in and by the said Two several Acts continued and established, being read;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) to authorize Bakers and other Persons to sell Bread to His Majesty's Forces on their March which shall not have been baked Twenty-four Hours, and to indemnify all Persons by whom such Bread may have been so fold, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to authorize Bakers and other Persons to sell Bread to His Majesty's Forces on their March which shall not have been baked Twenty-four Hours; to indemnify all Persons by whom such Bread may have been so fold; and authorizing Magistrates to weigh Bread at any Time within Forty-eight Hours after the baking thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to allow the Use of Sugar in the brewing of Beer, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr.

reported.

Lancader Court of Common Pleat Bill, deferred.

London Small Debts Bill, deferred.

Bakers Indemnity Bill,

paired.

Committee ou

Bill to allow the Use of Sugar in brewing Beer.

Committee on

Sugar, &c. Distillcry Bill.

Union Bill, presented.

Order Sor

Committee cn Scotch Distil-lery Dutiee discharg-

«d.

Duties on Scotch Distil-lory, to be considered.

East India Goods Bill,' committed.

40 Geo. III. 170 — 18 66n

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee *

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrqyv Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve it felt into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to revive and continue, for a Time to be ' limited, such Part of an Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, for reducing the Duties upon Spirits distilled from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, and for other Purposes, as relates to the Duties on Wort or Wadi brewed or made from Melasses or Sugar, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time To -morrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act; to continue, until the Tenth " Day of November One thousand Eight hundred, and " amend' an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, for continuing an Act of the last: Session of " Parliament, for granting to His Majesty additional " Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, for a limited Time; and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland; and for granting to His Majesty " certain additional Duties on Spirits distilled for Consumption, and a Duty on unmalted Grain used in " Distillation in Scotland

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

The House was moved, That the said Act might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly:

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of granting additional Duties on Spirits distilled in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

A Bill to remove Doubts arising from the Construe-tion of an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for permitting certain Goods, imported from The East , " to be warehoused; and for repealing the Duties now " payable thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu " thereof," was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Vol. 55.

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for extending the Powers of the Commissioners named in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of " this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions j Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, " and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain " Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the ‘"Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred, together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax," for indemnifying such Persons named in the said Act as have acted as Commissioners of the Land Tax j and for rendering valid certain Acts done by them.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 18° Junii;

Anno 40 Georgii III‘" Regis, 18001 Prayers.

MR. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields^ Meadows, Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Wyfall, in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills oflnclolure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, :pid found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Sir' Clement Cottrell Dormer, which were devised by the Will of IVII Ham Philipps Lee, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, and for other Purposes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 9.

Land Tax Com mi fit oner Indemnity Bill deferred *

Wyfall Inclo-clolure Bill, reported.

Sir Clement Cottrell Dor mer's Estate B»ll, reported, with Amendments.

Kerry's Name Bill, lepoitcvi, uik! paifcxl.

Bill to allow the Ult ot Sugar in brewing Beer, reported.

S\\<rar, &c, Distillery Bill, repotted.

Bfdfoid Level (Fourth Dif« tiitt) Drainage Bill, repotted.

668 18° JuniLA. i 8ocl

Pr. 9. I.21. Leave out and insert,

" Beanjheaves."

Pr. 29. 1. 3. After " Berks"insert " now in Hand;"

and in the Second Column leave out "4n Hand ''and insert " 10. o. o."

1. 49. Leave out " County " and insert , " Counties ;" and after " Berks "

insert " and Bucks ;" and in the Se-

cond Celumn leave out " 591 " and . insert " 601;" and in the Total leave

out " 966 " and insert " 976."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Dickins reported from the Committee, to whom

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Jufinian Kerry, Esquire, and his I flue, to take the

Surname and Arms of Ekins only, pursuant to the Will of Jufinian Ekins, Esquire, deceased, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickins do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to allow the Use of Sugar in the brewing of Beer, for a Time to be limited, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report. in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed t,o by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be iri-grofled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order,1 reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to revive and continue, for a Time to be limited, such Part of an Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, for reducing the Duties upon Spirits distilled from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, and for other Purposes, as relates to the Duties on Wort or Wash brewed or made from Melasses or Sugar, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

General Adeane reported from the Committee, to whonj the Bill for better draining and preserving the Lands and Grounds in the Fourth District of the North Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-sevent^ Year of the Reign of

his late Majesty King George the Second,- so far as relates to the said Fourth District, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to, the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 220 Acres; who refuted to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of 627 Acres, who could not be found; and that the Whole of the Property to be affected by the Bill conlifts of 6,450 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,'Ope by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Williams do carry to the Lords the ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Lands and Marshes, in the Parish of Whitford, in the County of Flint, and for fencing the said Marshes, and desire the Concurrence of their Lord-ships thereto.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill,- intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands in the Manors and Town-ships of Hale and Halewood, in the Parish of in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 34. 1. 5. To leave out from " and " to "and" in Line 10. and insert "of the Patron of ,the said Curacy for the " Time being."

The laid Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to exempt from Duty, Waste Paper imported into this Kingdom for the Purpose of being re-manufactured, except the Duty imposed by an Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported: And the same yVas received; and read the First Time. ‘

Resolved, That the Bijl be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing the Duties on Perfumery, and on Licences for vending the fame: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read . a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Long presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to repeal an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent Frauds in the buying and selling " of Hops," and for the better Collection of the Duty on Hops, and to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the

Trade

Mr. Williams to carry Whitford Inclosure Bill to the Lords.

Lords Amendment to Hale, &c. Inclosure Bill, agreed to.

Wade Paper Bill, prelcmed.

Bill to repeal PerfumeryDu-ties, presented.

Hops Rill, pi e-fented.

An Twer to Address *

tlnion Bill, commuted.

Committee bn Mr. ]V1cDcw-Ui's Report.

reported.

Bill, ordered.

40 Geo. III.

18° Junit.

669

Trade of Hops: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved.That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Lord Viscount Stopford reported to the House, That their Address of Monday last (to lav before His Majesty the Resolution of this House, That the Discovery made by Mr. Thomas Fodeit, of a Chrystalline Size and Paste from Vegetable and Mineral Substances, as a Substitute for Wheat Flour in all Purposes of Manufacture where Wheat Flour is used, is likely to be attended with most important Advantages to this Kingdom, and may lave the Use of Wheat Flour to a very considerable Extent; and to request that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to direct such further Enquiry to be made on the Subject as shall be necessary for ascertaining, whether the Ingredients for making the said Substitute can be furnished in sufficient Quantities, and at such reasonable Prices, as to afford a Supply equal to the Consumption which may be required for the /Various Manufactures in which it may be useful; and, in case it shall appear that the said Discovery can be carried to such an Extent as to be of considerable National Advantage, to order such Sum to be advanced to the said Thomas Foden for that Purpose as His Majesty shall judge proper; and to af-sure His Majesty that this House will make good the (time) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill, for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of William MDoivall, Esquire, and also, the Petition of the Executors of Charles Ashwell, deceased, and William John Jlonlate of the Island of Grenada, Esquire, were severally referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That he was dire<sted by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now'received.

Mr. Bragge accordingly repqrted from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to give further Time for the Payment, on the Conditions to be therein mentioned, of Instalments on certain Loans advanced to the House of Alexander and Company, to Charles Ashwell, Esquire, and to William Johnstone, Esquire, being-Persons connected with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and Vincent.

And Mr. Bragge moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to give further Time for the Payment, on the Conditions to be therein mentioned, of Instalments on certain Loans advanced to the House of Alexander and Company, to Charles Ashwell, Esquire, and to William Johnstone, Esquire, being Persons connected with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Vo h.55.

Douglas, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spranger and Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker, - .

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That the Lords, having taken into their Consideration the Message of the Commons of the 23d of April last, and having examined into the State and Condition of the Records, Rolls, Instruments, Manuscript Books, and Papers, in the Custody of the Clerk of the Parliaments, and which are deposited and kept in the Parliament Office, have directed us to communicate to this House the Information ddired by the said Mef-sage: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Lammas Lands, Commons, Heaths, Moors, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Iver, in the County of Buckingham, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Pastures, Wastes, and other Uninclosed Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Braceborough, in the County of Lincoln, and for making Compensation for the Tythes within the same Parish; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords deftre the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands and Grounds, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the county of ; with

some Amendments j to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Sale of The George Inn, in the Town of Northampton, veiled in Trustees for Charitable Purposes under the Will of John Driden, Esquire, deceased,.and for investing the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, until a proper Purchase can be found, and in the mean Time for applying the Dividends and Annual Produce thereof for the same Charitable Purposes; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

MtiTire from the Lords rc-specting their Recoids *

The Lordu have agreed to

Iver Inc loin re Bill, with Amend men t.

Br?cebo rough Incloiuie Bill, wiih Amendment.

Whitchurch Inclosure Bill, with Amend, menu.

The Lord have passed

Driden's Cha rity Bill.

Committee on King's Md-f3ge, rcipetf ing H;s Peri on al Property, &e.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration His Majesty's most Gracious Message of Yesterday, touching the Powers verted in His Majesty and the Queen to dispose of Their Real and Personal Property, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Mr. Solicitor General to Her Majesty acquainted the House, That Her Majesty, having been informed of the Subject Matter of His Majesty's laid most Gracious Mef-sage, so far as the same relates to Her Majesty, gives Her Consent, that the House may make such Provision, relative to Her Majesty's Interest therein, as they shall think proper.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Douglas accordingly reported from the said Com- reported mittee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill concerning the Disposition of certain Real and Personal Property of His Majesty, His Heirs and Succcll'ors, and 8 H also

til!, ordered.

Committee cn New Fordi Bill.

reported.

Deeds and Wills Kdtric-tiou Bid, dtiened.

Committee of

Ways and Ivlywus,

Committee on Scotch Distil-Ury Duties.

6 70

also of the Real and Personal Property of Her Majesty, and of the Quc«n Consort' for the Time being.

And Mr. Douglas moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill concerning the Disposition of certain Real and Personal Property of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and also of the Real and Personal Property of Her Majesty, and of the Queen Consort for the Time being: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr.

Jliend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Pyhus, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Perceval, Mr. Rose, IVIr. Long, and Mr. Brugge, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for better Preservation of Timber in the New Forest, in the County of Southampton, and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands of the Crown within the farfte.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

' Mr. Brugge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. *

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, ia at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon TuesdayMorning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to restrain all Trusts and Directions in Deeds or Wiils whereby the Profits or Produce of Real or Personal Estate shall be accumulated, and the beneficial Enjoyment thereof postponed beyond the Time therein limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply-granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Brugge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Brugge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 4

1800.

to consider of granting additional Duties on Spirits distilled in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr, Speaker left the Chair.1

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for permitting the free Importation of Lin-feed Cakes and Rape Cakes in Neutral Ships, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr, Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve ittelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further continuing and amending an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and permit the Importation, of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to- report, when the.House will please to receive the same,.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill further to continue, for a Time to be limited, several Acts relating to the Ad mi (lion of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the issuing of Orders in Council for that , be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved it Lit into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to lessen the Duties on Wine and Spirits the Produce of the British Settlement of The Cape of Good Hope> and to empower the Importers to land the fameJaefore Payment of the Duties

180 Juniu

Committer on J/mlerd Cak.es, &TC. Bill.

Committee on Corn Impor. taiion Bill.

Comrri'teeon N-utrai Ships Bill.

C.-tpc of Good Hope Wine, Sic. Bill, i plied.

40 Geo. III.

18° — 190 .

671

of Excise, and to lodge the same in Warehouses, and to allow the same to be shipped free of Duty as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to lessen the Duties on Wine and Spirits the Produce of the British Settlement of The of

Good Hope, and to empower the Importers to land the same before Payment of the Duties of Excise, and to lodge the same in Warehouses, and to allow the same to be shipped free of Duty as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Kill Skins Bill, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third lulled. Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for repealing Part

of the Duties and Drawbacks of Customs on Kid Skins

imported, and the Exemption of imported Kid Skins from Excise Duty on being dressed in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act- for repealing Part of the Duties and Drawbacks of Customs on Kid Skins imported, and the Exemption of imported Kid Skins from Excise Duty x»n being drelied in Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Goods Bill. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to remove Doubts arising from the Construdion of an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for " permitting certain Goods imported from the East " dies to be warehoused, and for repealing the Duties " now payable thereon, and granting other Duties in " lieu thereof," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refunded the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to re port the same to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Dill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

And Notice being taken that Forty Members were not present, the House was told by Mr. Speaker; and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first: put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

"Jovis, 190;

Anno 40° Georgii III'1' Regis, 1800. Prayers.

Sir Clement A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Cotti<11Dor- for veiling the settled Estates of Sir Clement

BTit.'paifci,0 f/r// Dormer, which were devised by the Will of IV 11 Ham with Amend- Philipps Lee, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for , VOL. 55.-

House ad-to'.tiis lor Want of Members *

laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, and for other Purposes, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Nicholas Vansittart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bri-e~ s ec. for the Partition of divers Estates of the late Sir Humphrey Brigges, Baronet, in which the Right honourable

Richard Ylicounl Fiizivilliam, in the Kingdom of Ireland, the Reverend Richard Huntley, and George Brooke, Esquire, have undivided Shares, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

'1 /

Mr. Charles Yorihereported from the Committee, to S irrey Roads whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering Bl11 repotted .' and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed' in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Sutton, in the County of Surrey,

through the Borough of Reigate, by Sidlozu Mill, to vey-CroJ's, and from Sutton aforesaid, through Cheam, and over Howell Hill, to Ewell, ami also the Road from Tad-worth, by the Windmill, to the Bottom of Pebble Hill, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, That Trustees and Creditors may have Inspection of the Books.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part, of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

For limiting the Toll on Carts laden with Chalk.

And the said'Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

For enabling the Trustees to compound for the Toll.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Floufe proceeded to take into Consideration the Lords AmenJ-Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open indofme Bill, Fields, Pastures, Wastes, and other Uninclosed Lands agreed to and Grounds, in the Parish of Braccborough, in the County of Lincoln, and for making Compensation for the Tythes within the same Parish.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 25. 1. 17. After " ever" insert " and to the " Rector of the Parish of Greatford with aforesaid,

" and his Successors for ever respectively."

Pr. 47.

672

o cy

19 junii.

A. 1800.

Pr.

47'

1.

I3 *

Pr. 48. 1. S.

After " mentioned" insert " nor of " any Hereditaments belonging " to any other Church or Chapel,

* without the Consent in Writing of the Patron thereof, and " the Bishop of the Diocele,

* within which the same is situate."

After " " insert " or the Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of " England."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir I Loivther do carry the Bill

to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

DiiHm's Chi- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for my Bill, read. tj)e gaje of The George in the Town of

veiled in Trustees for Charitable Purposes under the Will of John Driden, Esquire, deceased, and for investing the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of Three Pounds per ' Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, until a proper Purchase can be found, and in the mean Time for applying the Dividends and Annual Produce thereof for the same Charitable Purposes, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

petitions of A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are ie 0?Lan' thereunto subscribed, being Journeymen Cabinet Ma-<alter and " kers. Shipwrights, Joiners, Rope-makers, Shoe-makers, Leeds. J Masons, Sawyers, Harness-makers, Coopers, Taylors, Smiths, Hatters, Weavers, Curriers, and others, working within the Borough and Neighbourhood of in the County of the same Town: And also, ' *

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Journeymen and Workmen residing in and about the Town of;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations and Prayer with the Petitions of Journeymen and Workmen residing in and about the City of Bristol, thtf Borough of Plymouthf and the City of Bath, which were severally presented to the House upon day Iaft.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Rntdiff High- Mr. Mainzvaring reported from the Committee, to

way Read Bill, w]lom the jjH for continuing the Term, and enlarging t.por.c . t]ie Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for opening, making, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Ratcliff through Cannon Street, in the County of into the Road

leading into the County of Essex, and also from the West End of Brook Street into Cable Street, and from Upper Shadivel! Street into the Back Lane, in the said County of Middlesex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-rroft'al.

Mr. Mainzvaring reported from the Committee, to Pawnbrokers

whom the Bill for more effectually regulAting the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers, was re-committed; That the Committee had added several Clauses to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Clauses, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ifigrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom the Edmonton in Bill to divide, allot, and inclose, a certain Allotment of Enfield Chace, called The Edmonton Allotment, and to divide and exchange certain Common Field Lands, Waste and Marshes, in Edmonton aforesaid, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee r had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at jf. 420 per Annum> who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £. 1,201 per who were neuter; and that the Whole of the Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at £. 10,695 Pe>; and that no

Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout > and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

And Notice being taken that His Majesty's Interest is concerned in the said Bill;

Mr. Douglas (by His Majesty's Command) acquaint- King's Coned the House, That His Majesty, having been informed fenttolMML of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amehdments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Ethvard Foley reported from the Committee, to Hundred whom the Bill for more effectually amending, widening, H.oule RoJC' improving, and keeping in Repair, several Roads lead- 1 ' rcP0UeJ-ing from The Hundred House, in the County of '

and also several other Roads therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Edward Foley reported from the Committee, to Kiddermlnft- *

whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and Roads Bill,

enlarging rei>or,eJ-

Liverpool ntt (.'hurch, &c. Bill, committed.

Wyfall Inclo-l'ure Bill, faffed.

Ktnp/s Con-f« nt to

D-'iiham In-cioi'ure Bill.

40 Ge Ill

I90 Junii.

enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Market House, in the Town of Kidderminster, in the County of , and

several other Roads therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bijl, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

- A Bill for establishing a new Church or Chapel lately erected on the South Side of Hunter Street, within the Town and Parish of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanley, Mr. Blackburns of Lancafire. c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable and Wafre Lands, within the Parish of in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion being made, That the ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Heaths and Commons, and for exonerating from Common Right the Half Year Lands and Lammas Lands,.within the Manors of Dedham Hall, and Overliall and in

the Parish of Dedham, in the County of be now

read the Third Time;

Mr. Douglas (by Flis Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Conlenf, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 1. To leave out "as" and insert "are" inllead thereof.

1. 3. To leave out from " Esquire" to the End of Line 6, and insert " under " a Commission of Bankrupt awardcd against the said George Thomfen, Esquire, Lord of the Manor " of Overhall and Netherhall," inllead thereof.

Pr. ^7. 1. 34. To leave out from "and" to "the."

Pr. 58. 1. 3. At the Beginning of the Line to insert " Two Parts of the said Aw'ard."

1. 31. To leave out from the First " the" to " for," in 1. 32, and insert " proper " Officer of the Court in which the " same shall be inrolled," inllead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Vol. 55.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Bill, pafitd, be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Heaths and Commons, and for exonerating from Common Right the Half Year Lands and Lammas Lands, within the Manors of Dedham Hall, and Overhall and Netherhalli in the Parish of Dedham, in the County of Essex.

Ordered, That Mr'. Strutt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delife their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lor Amend-Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, "7ndofure An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Bill, agreed to Common Fields, Lammas Lands, Commons; Heaths,

Moors, and Waste Lands,- within the Parish of Ivor, in the County of Buckingham.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 9. 1. 34. After " verified" insert " on Oath."

Pr. 12. 1. 9. After " Copy of" insert "or Extract " from."

Pr. 19. I.22. After " Owners" insert " of the inclosed Lands in and."

Pr. 29. I.34. After "Tenants" insert "as well for " their own necessary Use as."

Pr. 30. 1, 30. Leave out from " for" to " shall," in Line 31, and insert " Gravel Pits."

Pr. 43. 1. 15. After " Benefit" insert " of the said /

" Poor."'

1. 16. After " adjoining" insert "or as near " as the Commissioners shall think " fit."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Ellijon do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Motion being made. That the ingrossed Bill to King's Con-empower the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to purchase certain Houses and Ground conti- ingsBiii. guous to the Bank of England, and to enable them to improve certain Avenues adjacent thereto, be now read the Third Time;

Mr. Douglas (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill w'as accordingly read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Bill, pafttJ. be, An Act to empower the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to purchase certain Houses and Ground contiguous to the Bank of England, and to enable them to improve certain Avenues adjacent thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Ellijon do carry, the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spranrer and Mr. The for *

Smith: ' have agreed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Sf0,c,‘ Judges to amend so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Bl11 Parliament, for the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts in Westminster Hall, and also of the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Justiciary, and Barons of Exchequer, in Scotland, as relates to the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts of Session, Justiciary, and Exchequer, in Scotland; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed Jo the Bill, intituled, An Act BewdlcyRoa; for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence Bll,‘ to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the

8 I Term, .

A. 1800.

Warrninster Roads Bill.

Bristol and Berkeley, kc. Roads BjU.

Tetbury, kc. Roads Bill.

Pancras Pa?-V ing, kc. Bill *

By fleet and Weybridge inclosure Bill.

Walton upon Thames Inclosure Bill *

Guillen Mor-den inclosure Bill, with an Amendment,

The Lords hare passed Cooks-y't Ef- ate Bill.

674

19® Junii.

Terra, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Aifls, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bewdley, in the County of to

the several Places therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester and Salop respectively; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A<fl for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of Warminster, in the County of , to a

Place where the Roads to Bath and Bristol divide, and from the Town of Frame to the Town of , in

the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for amending the Road from the Nine Mile Stone on the Bristol Road, at or near a Place called The Clay Pits, to or near the Chapel at Stone, and also the Roads to or near Berkeley, Wotton-under-Edge, Stroud., and and several other

Roads in the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts, except so far as the said Act relates to the Roads to or near bury aforesaid; without any Amendment: And also;

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to such of the Roads from Tetbury, and other Places, in the County of G/ott-

cester, as are comprized in the said last mentioned Act, and for amending and repairing certain other Roads in and through the Parish of Horsley, and near Tetbury aforesaid, in the said County of Gloucester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for forming, paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise improving and keeping in Repair, the Streets, Squares, and other Public Passages and Places, which are and shall be made upon certain Pieces or Plots of Ground, in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of MidaleJ'ex, belonging to the most Noble Francis Duke ot Bedford-, without any Amendment: And also, '

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows and Failures, Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parishes of Byfleet and Weybridgt, and Manor of Byfeel, with its Members, in the County of Surrey; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Walton upon Thames, and the Manor of Walton Leigh, in the County of Surrey; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pallures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Guil-den Mor den, in the County of Cambridge-, with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for effi equating a Partition or Division of certain Freehold and Copyhold, or Cultoinary, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Worcester, heretofore the Estates of Holland Cookfey, Esquire, deceased, and for substituting Thomas Bird, Gentleman, to beaTrulleein the Place of ITilham Dozvdejzvell, Esquire, now in Parts

beyond the Sea, for all the Purposes for which the said William Dozvdejzvell, jointly with Thomas , Gen-

tleman, is a Trustee of One undivided Fifth Part of tire said Freehold and Copyhold, or Customary, Messuages,

Lands, and Hereditaments; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this ploufe: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Marquis of vesting Part of the settled Estates of the most Honour- £5 able Arthur Marquis of Doivnf/ire, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and Earl of Hilljlorough, in the Kingdom of England, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, and for other Purposes; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Duke of Rich, enabling the most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, and £"Jld 5 Et'a:e the Duke of Richmond for the Time being, to charge with Jointures the Annuity of Nineteen Thousand Pounds (payable out of the Consolidated Fund, in lieu of the Coal Duty granted by King Charles the Second to Chdrles First Duke of Richmond, and the Heirs of his Body) and the Stocks on Transfer of which the said Annuity is made redeemable, and for enabling the Sale of Part of the said Stocks, and investing the Money arising from any such Sale in the Purchase of Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, and for other Purposes; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

'An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An^dl Cookfey's Effor effedltiating a Partition or Division of certain Freehold ute Bl11, reaJ' and Copyhold, or Customary, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Worcester, heretofore the Estates of Holland Cookfey, Esquire, deceased, and for substituting Thomas Bird, Gentleman, to be a Trustee in the Place of William Dozvdejzv Esquire, now in Parts beyond the Sea, for all the Purposes for which the said William Dozudefivell, jointly with Thomas Blayney, Gentleman, is a Trustee of One undivided Fifth Part of the said Freehold and Copyhold, or Customary,

Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, was read the First Time.

Refvlved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duke of for enabling the most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, Richmond's and the Duke of Richmond for the Time being, to charge with Jointures the Annuity of Nineteen Thousand Pounds (payable out of the Consolidated Fund, in lieu of the Coal Duty granted by King Charles the Second to Charles First Duke of Richmond, and the Heirs of his Body) and the Stocks on Transfer of which the said Annuity is made redeemable, and for enabling the Sale of Part of the said Stocks, and investing the Money arising from any such Sale in the Purchase of Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, and for other Purposes, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Efi- Papers ref^a. timate of the Charge of maintaining the present Ella-bliftiment of the Floating Lazarette in Standgate Creek.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account of the Annual Expence attending the Whole present Quarantine Establishment for the last Ten Years; distinguishing the several Ports where Quarantine can now be performed, and distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, A Table of Tonnage Duties proposed to be paid on Ships and Vessels, the Cargo of which, or any Part thereof, shall have performed Quarantine in this Kingdom.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, A Plan and Estimate of a Lazarette proposed to be ereified on Chetney Hill, prepared by James Wyatt, Esquire, Surveyor of His Majesty's Board of Works, and laid before the Lords of His Majesty's Privy Council.

Mr. Charles

House of Commons Offices Bill, ordered.

Bread Assize Bill, com. mi t ted.

Their Majesties Property Bill, presented.

Accounts of

Publiclncome,

presented.

40 Geo. III. 1 o° Junii 75

Mr. Charles Yorke, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to considerof the several Accounts of the Net Produce of the Fees and Emoluments of the Clerk and Clerk Assistant attending the House of Commons, for the last Ten Years, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for establishing certain Regulations in the Offices of the House of Commons.

And Mr. Charles Yorke moved the House accordingly *

Mr. Ryder (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Subject Matter of this Motion, gives His Content, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for establishing certain Regulations in the Offices of the House of Commons: i\nd that Mr. Charles Yorke, Sir William Heath cote, Mr. Baker, Mr. Hiley Addington, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for amending an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for re. gulating the Price and Assize of Bread, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill concerning the Disposition of certain Real and Personal Property of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and also of the Real and Personal Property of Her Majesty, and of the Queen Consort for the Time being: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Long presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, "

An Account of the Ordinary Revenues and Extraordinary Resources constituting the Public Income of Great Britain, for the Year ended the 5th Day of January 1800, — distinguishing England from Scotland, — and distinguishing, under each Head of Revenue, the/Amount of the Grot's Receipt, the Rate per Centum for collecting x the fame, and the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Gross Receipt on each Head respectively distinguishing also the Amount of the Net Produce, and the Rate per Centum for collecting the fame, and the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Net Produce on each Head respectively; — distinguishing also the Paymentsinto the Exchequer; — and the Amount of the Balances or Bill? in the Hands of the several Officers of the Revenue on the 5th Days of January 1799 and 1800 respectively, applicable to, or arising from, the Revenues of the said Yeartogether with the Amount of the Balance remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th of January 1799 and x 800 respectively, whether appropriated or unappropriated; and the Amount of the Exchequer BilU, Navy Bills, and Transport Bills, issued for the Public Service between the Days above mentioned, and not redeemed within that Period — inclosing.

Appendix (A.) An Account of the Total Net Produce paid into the Exchequer of the Duties of Customs, distinguishing, as far aspoffible, the Produceon every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to i,coo, or more, in the Four Quarters, ended the 5th January 1800; Appendix (B. i.j An Account of the Gross actual

Vox.. 55.

Receipt in Money, Charges of Management; and Taxes re-paid to Officers, Exports; Allowances, Bounties, Pensions, Net Produce, and Payments into the Exchequer of the Duties of Excise.and Malt Annual, of England, in the Yean ending 5th January 1800; distinguishing the Gross Receipt, Net Produce, and Net Payments into the Exchequer, of each Article in the said Year;

Appendix (B. 2.) An Account of the Gross actual Receipt in Money, Charges of Management, Exports, Allowances, Bounties, Pensions, Net Produce, and Remittances to the Commissioners of Excise, London, of the Duties of Excise, Tobacco Annual, and Malt Annual, between 5th January 1799 and 5th January 1800; distinguishing the Gross Receipt, Net Produce, and Remittances to London, of each Article, in the said Year Alfo a State of the Payments out of the Revenue of Excise, under the Authority of Warrants from the Barons of Exchequer to the Receiver General of the Crown Rents and Casualties in Scotland, distinguishing the several Purpo-fes and Branches of the Revenue; so paid over; from 5th January 1^99 to 5th January 1800;

Appendix (B. 3.) An Account of the Monies paid into the Exchequer in the Year ending the 5th January 1800, by the Receiver General of Excise in England, on Account of Bills remitted by the Receiver General of the Excise in Scotland; distinguishing each Article;

Appendix (C. 1.) An Account of the Gross and Net Produce, and Payments into the Exchequer, of the Duties arising from Stamps in England, in the Year ending the 5th of January 1800; distinguishing the Heads;

Appendix (C. 2.) An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Stamp Duties in North Britain, and of the Remittances and Payments there- ' out, between the 5th Day of January 1799 and the 5th Day of January 1800; distinguishing each Duty, and each Head of Payment;

Appendix (C. 3.) An Account of the Balances in the Hands of the several Distributors of Stamps in Great Britain, and in the Hands of the Receiver General in London, on the 5th Day of January 1799, and on the 5th Day of January x8co; distinguishing the Town from the Country, and also distinguishing;

Appendix (C. 4.) An Account of the several Sums of Money paid, in the Year ending the 5th of January 1800, into the Exchequer by the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties, on Account of Monies remitted by the Head. Distributor of Stamps in Scotland-,distinguishing each Duty.

Appendix (D. 1.) An Account of the Gross and Net Produce and Payments into the Exchequer, and to the Receiver General of the Customs, of the several Taxes in England and Wales, including the Income Tax, and the Balances arising from the Aid and Contribution Tax; with the several Sums of Money paid out of the said Taxes on Account of Militia and Deserters Warrants, Bounties on Flax and Hemp, and Charges of Management, between the 5th Day of January 1799 and the 5th Day of January 1800; distinguishing each Tax;

Appendix (D. 2.) An Account of the Gross and /Net Produce and Payments into the Exchequer and Customs of the several Duties in Scotland, and also of the several Sums of Monies paid out of the said Taxes on Account of Militia and Deserters Warrants, Bounties on Flax and Hemp, and Charges of Management, between 5th January 1799 and 5th January 1800;

Appendix (D. 3.) An Account of the Balances in the Hands of the Receivers General of the

Land

90 Junii.

Land and Assessed Taxes on the 5 th Day of January 1799 and the 5th Day of January 1800;

Appendix (D. 4.) An Account of the Balances or , Montes due to the Crown remaining in the Hands of the Receiver General of the Land and Assessed Taxes for Scotland, on the 5th Day of January 1799 and the 5th Day of January 1800;

Appendix (E. 1.) An Account of the Gross and Net Produce and Payments into the Exchequer of the Revenue arising from the Pod Office in England, for the Year ending 5th January 1800, together with the Payments thereout on Account of Management; distinguishing the Inland from the Packet Boat Charges; likewise the Amount of the Pensions and Parliamentary Grants paid out of the Revenue of the Post Office, together with the Amount of the British Postage collected in Ireland, and thq Packet Establishment, with the £. 4,000 per Annum in lieu of Packet Postage and Difference of Exchange, which are placed to the Debt of Great Britain; also the Amount of the Irish Postage collected in Great Britain, together with an Account of the Balances due from, or remaining in, the Hands of the Deputy Postmasters in England, the Deputies under the Foreign Office, the Penny Post Office, and Receiver General, on the 5th January 1799 and 5th January 1800; also, an Account of Monies paid into the Exchequer between the 5th January 1799 and 5th January 1800, on Account of Bills or other Remittances from the Revenue of the Post Office in Scotland; also, an Account of the Gross and Net Produce and Remittances to the Receiver General of the Post Office in England, arising from the Revenue of the Post Office in Scotland, between the 5th January 1799 and' 5th January 1800, together with the Amount of the Payments of the said Revenue on Account of Management, or any other Account j also, an Account of the Balances or Monies due to the Public from the Deputy Postmasters of Scotland, and the Deputy Post-master General, on the 5th January 1799 and the 5th January 1800;

Appendix (E. 2.) An Account of the Balances due from, or remaining in the Hands of, the Deputy Postmasters of England, the Deputies under the Foreign Office, the Penny Post Office, and the Receiver General, on the 5th January 1799 and the 5th January 1800; also, an Account of the Balances due to the Public from the Deputy Postmasters of Scotland, and the Deputy Postmaster General, on the 5th January 1799 and 5th January 1800;

Appendix (F. x.) An Account of the Gross and Net Produce and Payments into the Exchequer of the Duty of One Shilling in the Pound on Salaries and Pensions received by Mr. John Lane, as Receiver of the said Duty in England, for the Year ended the 5th January 1800; — also,

Accounts of Richard Howard, Esquire, Receiver General of the Duty of One Shilling in the Pound on Pensions and Salaries, stating his Balances on the 5th January 1799 and 5th January 1S00, with Charges of Management:

Appendix (F. 2.) An Account of the Gross and Net Produce and Payments into the Exchequer of the Duty of One Shilling in the Pound on Pensions and Salaries in Scotland, in the Year ended 5th January 1800, with the several Payments thereout, on Account of Management, &c. — as ' also, the Amount of the Balances on the 5th January 1799 and 5th January 1800, whether arising from the Produce of the Year 1799, or of any preceding Year}

A. 1800.

Appendix (G.) An Account of the Gross Produce of the Dedudbions of Six Pence in the Pound on Pensions and Salaries in England and Scotland, distinguishing each, for the Year ending the 5th of January 1800, together with the several Payments thereout, either into the Exchequer, or on Account of Management; also, the Amount of the Balances due by or to the Receiver General of the said Deductions, on the 5th of January 1799 and on the 5th of January 1800;

Appendix (H.) An Account of the Gross actual Receipt in Money, Net Produce and Payments into the Exchequer, of the Revenue arising from Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and the Charges of Management, within the Year ending 5th January 1800, with the Amount of the Balance in the Hands of the Receiver of the said Revenue on the 5th January 1799 and 5th January 1800}

Appendix (J.) An Account of the Gross Receipt, Net Produce, and Net Payments into the Exchequer, arising from Licences granted to Hawkers and Pedlars, together with the Amount of the Charges of Management, in the Year ended 5th January 18co; also, an Account of the Balances which weredn the Hands of the General Receiver of the said Revenue on the 5th January 1799 and 5th January 1800;

Appendix (K.) Alienation Office — An Account of the Gross and Net Produce and Payment into the Exchequer, and the Clerk of the Hanaper, on Account of Prefines, and the Amount of the Balances in the Hands of the Receiver General at the End of Hilary Term 1799 and Hilary Term 1800;

Appendix (L.) An Account of the Amount of the Produce of Poftfincs received by John Jen-kinson, Esquire, Surveyor and Receiver General of the Greenwax Money, between the 5th of January 1799 and the 5th of January 1800;

Appendix (M.) An Account of the several Sums of Money received at the Exchequer, in the Year ended the 5th January 1800, on Account of Rent of Alum Mines and of Light Houses, on Account of Monies arising from Seizures of Uncustomed and Prohibited Goods, on Account of Compositions, on Account of Profers, and on Account of all other Monies paid into the Exchequer, other than those arising from the Public Revenue;

Appendix (N. 1.) An Account of the Balances

due to the Public from the Receivers General of the Land Revenues for England and Wales, on the 5th Day of January 1799, with the Net Amount of all subsequent Receipts from thence to the1 5th of January 1800, and also of what Payments have been made thereout by each Accountant between those Periods, deducing the Balances therefrom, to the 5th January 1 Soo;

Appendix (N. 2.) An Account of the Two Half Yearly Dividends of Stock purchased by the Sale of Crown Rents by Thomas Cotton and William Mitford, Esquires, Attornies for receiving the said Dividends on Stock, with the Amount of the Payments made by them, and to what Purposes applied, in the Year ended the 3th January 1800; together with an Account of the Balances in the Hands of the said Thomas Cotton and William Mitford, Esquires, on 5th January 1799 and 5th January i8ooj

Appendix (N. 3.) An Account of Fines paid for Leases of Crown Lands, within the Year ending 5th January 1800;

Appendix (O.) An Account of the Sums received into the Exchequer, by Way of Lottery, between 5th January 1799 and 5th January

180C}

40 Geo. III. 190 Junii:

18001 together with the Amount of the several and for making Spirits for Exportation from that Part of Payments thereout on Account of Prizes, and Great Britain called England to that Part of Great Britain likewise for Charges of Management j also an Ac- called Scotland, and for or in respect of British Spirits count of the Net Profit to the Public; distilled for Consumption, in that Part of Great Britain

Appendix (P.) Cash Account for the English and called and of unmalted Giain used in Distil-JrijhLotteries, from the 5th January 1799 to the lation, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland 17th April 1800; (except in the Highland District) do ceale and deter-

Appendix (Q.) An Account of Money received, mine.

by Voluntary Contributions, between 5th January Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 1799 and $thjanuary 1800; . That an Annual Duty of One Hundred and Eight

Appendix (R.) An Account of the Total Sums Pounds per Gallon be chained upon the Content of every of Money which have been paid into the Ex- Still used for making Spirits for Home Consumption t chequer, on Account of Public Loans, between from Malt, Com, Grain, or British Materials, in that the 5th Day of January 1799 and the 5th Day Part of Great Britain called Scotland (except in the of January 1800. Highland District).

And the Titles of the said f Accounts were read. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the That an Annual Duty of Six Hundred and Seventy Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. Pounds per Gallon be charged upon the Content of Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said every Still used in making Spirits, in that Part of (treat Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of Britain called Scotland, from Melasses or Sugar for Con-the Members of the House. fumption therein.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Papers of this Session. ' That an Annual Duty of Seven Hundred and Sixty

Pounds be charged upon the Content of every Still Report, Way Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the used in making Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain cal-

Mew . Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred led Scotland, from other Foreign Materials for Consump-

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the tion therein.'

Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the Committee had directed him to report to the House; That an Annual Duty of One Hundred and Eight which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in Pounds be charged upon the Content of every Still at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is used for rectifying, compounding, or mixing. Spirits, in as followeth; viz. that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for Consump-

AHowmeet to Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, tion therein.

MiHti offi- That the Allowances to certain Subaltern Officers of the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, tm' Militia in Time of Peace, for the Year 1800, be de- That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Gallon

frayed out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax of Spirits distilled in that Part of Great Britain called

granted for the Service of the Year 1800. Scotland, for Consumption therein.

The said Resolution Being read a Second Time, was, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the That a Duty of Two Pence Halfpenny be charged

House. upon every Gallon of Worts or Walli brewed or made

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Re- in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland (except in solution: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Rose, and Mr. the Highland District) for extracting Spirits from Malt, Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Corn, Grain, or British Materials, for Consumption there-

in.

LinfeedCak.es, Jcc. Bill, reported *

Report on Scotch Distillery Duties.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for permitting the free Importation of Linseed Cakes and Rape Cakes in Neutral Ships, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read . throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put. thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of granting additional Duties on Spirits distilled in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties of Excise now' payable for or in respect of Stills used for distilling Low Wines or Spirits, and for rectifying, compounding, or mixing. Spirits for Con- fumption, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,

Vol. 55.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence Halfpenny be charged upon every Gallon of Worts or WaQi, brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for extracting Spirits from Melasses or Sugar, for Consumption therein.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence Halfpenny be charged upon every Gallon of Worts or Wash, brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for extracting Spirits from other Foreign Materials, for Consumption therein.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings be charged upon every Gallon of Spirits distilled in that Part of Great Britain called England, and imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that Two Acts, made in the Thirty-eighth and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Regulation of the Distilleries in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, which were to continue in Force until the 10th Day of November x8oo, should be further continued.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, and Mr. Douglas, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

8 K A Message

The Lori! have agreed to

Amendments to Sir Clement Cottrell Dormer's Elute

Bill.

Neutral Ships Bill, repotted *

Account of Slave Ships, &c. prefciued.

Com Importation Bill, reported.

Supply, deferred.

678 icf Jutiiu \W A. 180a-

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Smith: '

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Sir Clement Cottrell , which were

deviled by the Will of William Philipps Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Estates; to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, and for other Purposes.

And then the M^ffengers withdrew.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole Eloufe, to whom the Bill further to continue, for a Time to be limited, several Acts relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

' The House being informed that Mr. Glover (from the Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of 'Great Britain) attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, printed to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all Ships and Vessels, with the Number of Slaves imported therein, which have arrived in the British West India Hands, from the Coast of from the 5th of January 1795 to the 5th of .1800, as

far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Hand, and each Year; as also stating the Number of Slaves that have been exported from the said British West India Hands, during the said Period; distinguishing each Hand and each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for further continuing and amending an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, . for enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and permit the Importation, of Com, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee jiad made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment/ in at the Clerk's Table: Where the

Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrafted.

Ordered, Tint the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Resolved, That this Eloufe will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty- ' .; \

The Bill (now ingrafted) to allow the Use of Sugar in the brewing of Beer, for a Time, to be limited, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be. An Act to allow, for Nine Months after the parting of the Act, the Use of Sugar in the brewing of Beer.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. '.

The Bill (now ingrafted) to revive and continue, for a Time to be limited, such Part of an Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, for reducing the Duties upon Spirits distilled from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, and for other Purposes, as relates to the Duties on Wort or Wash brewed or made from Me-laffes or Sugar, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to revive and continue, until the First Day of July One thousand Eight hundred and One, such Part of an Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, for reducing the Duties upon Spirits distilled from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, and for other Purposes, as relates to the Duties on Wort or Wash brewed or made from Melasses or Sugar.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of, the Bill to exempt from Duty, Waste Paper imported into this Kingdom for the Purpose of being re-manufactured, except the Duty imposed by an Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better frotedion of the Trdde of this Kingdom, and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

A Pill for repealing the Duties on Perfumery, and on Licences for vending the lame, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. , -

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a: Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. ;:

A Bill ,to repeal an Act? made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign, of His present Majesty, intituled, " Ah " Ad to prevent Frauds in the buying and selling of " Hops," 2nd for the better Collection of the Duty on Hops, and to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Trade of Hops, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That; the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Biir (now ingrafted), to remove Doubts arising from the Construction of an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for permitting certain Goods imported from " The East Indies to be warehousld, and for repealing " the Duties now payable thereon, and granting other " Duties in lieu thereoi," was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to remove Doubts arising from the Construction

joy

Bill to allow the Use of Sugar in brewing Baer, pal-fed.

Sugar, &c. Distiliery Bill patted.

Waste Paper Bill, deferred.

Bill to repeal Perfumery Duties, committed.

Hop Bill, committed.

East India Goods Bill, passed.

Bwbor's Estate Bill, lead *

Lords Amendment to St. Mary in Stafford Inc lohi re Bill, agreed to.

Lords Amend Bieni to En-iliam Inclosure Bill, agreed to.

Stamp Duties Bill, deferred.

Land Tax

Commission-ers Indemnity Bill, deferred.

40 Geo. III. i9° — ao0 Junii. 679

strudion of an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of indemnifying such Persons named in the said Act as have His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for acted as Commissioners of the Land Tax, and for renpermitting certain Goods imported from The East, dering valid certain Acts done by them.

" Indies to be warehous'ed,' and for repealing the Duties

" now payable thereon, and granting other Duties in And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

" lieu thereof." Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry' the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. - - - — r ——

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

to give to Trustees Powers of Sale, Exchange, and Partition, over such of the Shares of Estates comprized, in the Marriage Settlement of William Esquire, as

are situate in the County of S and to lay out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Estates, to be situate in the County of Devon, and to "give a Power of changing and appointing new Trustees of the Estates so to be sold, was read the Eirft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House proceeded to take into Confederation the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Common Fields and Waste Lands, within or adjoining the Parish of Saint Mary in in the County of

Stafford.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followed!; viz.

Pr. 45. 1. 36. Leave out from " respectively " to "with" jn Line 37.

The said Amendment being read a Second Time,-was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Lord Granville Leveson Gower do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, and a Trad of Heath Land, within the Parish of in the County of Oxford.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as follow-Cth; viz.

Pr. 26. I.27. After ." them" insert " for which " Rights and interest he has not " already received Compensation."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to |oy the House.

Ordered, That Mr. John Fane do carry' the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itlelt into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend several Laws relating to the Duties on ilamped Vellum, Parchment, aiijd Paper.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for extending the Powers of the Commissioners named in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act " of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for " continuing and granting to Flis Majesty a Duty on " Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in,

" Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon and

* certain Duties cn Sugar,-Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff,

" for the Service of the Year One thousand Right hundred, together with those named in Two former Acts " for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax," for VOL. 55.

Veneris, 20° die Junii;

'Anno 40° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1800.

RAYERS.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Marcet's Nat/ for naturalizing Alexander John Gafpard Marcet, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Savile, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham- .

ber.

Sir Edward Littleton reported from the Committee, to Rocefor in whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Rocejer, and in the Township of Denjon, within the Pa-riflies of Rocejer aforesaid, and-Alveton, in the County of Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and . that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates alfelfed to the Land Tax at?

,£.ii. 1 r. who refused to sign the Bill, but most of whom made no Objection to the Inclosure; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Bill is assessed; to the Land Tax at £. 72. 8,f.;

and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill; with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the'Amendments were Once read throughput; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House., , '

Ordered, That the- Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. ;. , .

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,. An Act Marquis «f for veiling Part of (he settled Estates of the most Honourable Arthur Marquis of Downshire, in the Kingdom read. of Ireland, and Earl of Hillsborough, in the Kingdom of

England, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and, to the same Uj.es, and for other Purposes, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. ' ' . fs.- -

Mr. Stanley presented to the House, according to Cotton Ma- l Order, a Bill lor settling Disputes that may arise between But preftmU Mailers and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture, and for the better Prevention of the Embezzlement of West, in that Part of Great Britain called England: And the same was received; and read the Firil Time. . ' ‘ .

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lords Amerd-Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, q'en'MoSen An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open inclosure Bill; and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and a£r#ea w;

other

68o ao° Junit. , A. 1800.

other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Pari Ih of Guilden Morden, in the County of Cambridge.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as follow cth; viz.

Pr. 67. L ult. Leave out from " complete " to and " in Pr. 68. 1. 9.

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Yorke do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath Agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Bedford Uwl An ingrossed Bill for better draining and preserving

tii^Drunage Lwds and Grounds in the Fourth District of the Biii, paired. North Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to the said Fourth District, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for better draining and preserving the Lands and Grounds in the Fourth District of the North Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Levely and for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to the said Fourth District.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Yorke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

leading from The Hundred House, in the County of Worcejleiand also several other Roads therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from The Hundred House, in the County of and

also several other Roads therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Andrews do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and alter- Kiddermmfter ing and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the B,il» Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, p ' ' for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Market House, in the Town of Kidderminster, in the County of and several other Roads therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

R?J'olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House, in the Town of,

in the County of Worcester, and several other Roads therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Andrews do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

House resolvw Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the

Moffiyrnt° House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Union Bill. ,to re(oive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Union of Britain and Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Earl Temple took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Earl Temple reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Paper c m- A Bill to incorporate certain Persons, and their Successors, with proper Powers for the Purpose of establishing a Manufactory for extracting Ink from printed and written Paper, and making other Paper therefrom, fit for Writing, Printing, and other Purposes, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William Adams, Mr. Elford, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

House of Com- Mr. Charles Yorke presented to the House, according

mon office to Order, a Bill for establishing certain Regulations in »frefcn offices of the House of Commons: And the fame

1 was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An

&Tv.ntCl.of Account of the Net Produce of the Fees and Emolu-

Seijeint at . , .

Arm ,ordered, merits of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for the last Ten Years, distinguishing each Year.

H^ufcRoud An ingrossed Bill for more effectually amending, wi-

BuT, puffed. dening, improving, and keeping in Repair, several Roads

9

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Commit- Nieolay' Kat. tee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Charles Gotthold B,ll» rePorted-Nicolay, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Commit- wiftinghau-tee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Frederick William B,!I

Wifinghaufen, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amend- / ment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Older read for Reading' of the ingrossed Bill to amend, explain, and Th render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Third Year small Debe of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, " An Bill»

" Act for the recovering of Small Debts, and for the

" relieving of Poor Debtors, in Loand an Act,

palfed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend

the above mentioned Act, and likewise for extending the

Powers of the Court of Requests in the City of,

in and by the said Two several Acts continued and efta-

blished, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Ulher A&t of the Black Rod: . to?UJ -

Mr. Speaker, . f

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And

40 Geo. III. 208 Junii. . 681

And being returned; appointing an additional Overseer for the better Govern *

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the De- ment of the Poor of the said Parish: fire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's An Act for forming, paving, cleaning, lighting Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House watching, watering, and otherwise improving and keep-of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was ing in Repair, the Streets, Squares, and other Public read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent Passages and Places, which are and shall be made upon

to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; certain Pieces or Plots of Grdund, in the Parish of Saint

and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of in the County of Middlesex, belonging to the

Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal most Noble Francis Duke of Bedford:

Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the An Act for the repairing the Parish Church of ChelmS-

Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumber- ford, in the County of Essex: land. His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord An Act for inclosing and embellishing the Centre or

Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Area of a certain Square, intended to be called Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and no- Square, purposed to be made in the Parish of Saint

tify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord George, in the County of Middlesex, and

High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Duke of Portland, for forming and making the same into a Pleasure, and the Earl Spencer, named also in the said Commission, Ground, and for continuing and keeping the same in

did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to Repair:;

the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz. An Act for explaining, amending, and continuing, an

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His

of Money, to be raised by a Lottery: present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing the

An Act for the better ascertaining and collecting the " Highways and Bridges in the Shire of Argyll:"

Duties granted by several Acts, passed in the last Session An Act for repealing so much of an Act, passed in of Parliament, relating to the Duties on Income} and to the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-explain and amend the said Acts: jesty, intituled, "An Act for the Removal and Re-

An Act for granting a Bounty on the Importation of building of the Council Chamber, Guildhall, and

Rye until the Fifteenth Day of October One thousand Gaol, of the City of New Sarum, and for ascertain-Eight hundred: " ing the Tolls of the Market, and regulating the

An Act to permit Blubber, from the GreenlandFiftiery Chairmen, within the said City," as requires the and Davis's S freights, to be boiled into Oil after the Ar- Mayor and Commonalty of the City of Sarum, to rival of the Ships from the Fiftiery, and for charging the build a new Gaol within the said City, or the Suburbs Duty thereon; for altering the Convoy Duty now pay- or Precincts thereof, and for authorizing the Commit-able on the Importation of Opium; for repealing the ment of Felons and other Persons within the Limits of Duties on the Importation of Oil of Turpentine and the said City, and the Close thereof, to the Gaol of the Tar, and charging other Duties in lieu thereof j for ex- County of Wilts, and for explaining and amending the empting Burr Stones, and Stones used for the Purpose said Act:

of paving, or the making or mending of Roads, from An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge, the Powers of the Duties charged thereon when carried Coaf^wife; for an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of obliging Mailers of Ships laden with Tobacco, to re- His present Majesty, King George the Third, for im-move the same from their Moorings when their Cargoes proving the Navigation of the River ,between are discharged; and for extending Bonds, given on li- Newhaven Bridge and Lewes Bridge, in the County of cenling Ships, Vessels, or Boats, to all Cafes wherein Sussex, and for the better draining of the Low Lands Ships, Vessels,-or Boats, may be liable to Forfeiture: lying in Lewes and Laughton Levels, in the said County r

An Act for more effectually charging Public Account An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of ants with, the Payment of Interest; for allowing Interest the Navigation from the Leiceftet Navigation to Melton to them in certain Cafes j and for compelling the Pay- Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to complete their ment of Balances due from them: Navigation, and to discharge the Debts contrafted by

An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the them in the making thereof, and for amending the Act, last Session of Parliament, for the Augmentation of the passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His pre-Salaries of the Judges of the Courts in Westminster Hall, ' font Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Na-and also of the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of vigation:

Justiciary, and Barons of Exchequer, in Scotland, as re- An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the lates to the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts of Sef- Oakham Canal to raise Money for completing the said lion, Justiciary, and Exchequer, in Scotland: Canal, and also for altering and amending an Act, passed

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of King George the Majesty, for making the said Canal:

Second, intituled, "An Act to amend and make more An Act for better enabling the Company of Proprie- effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, tors of the Lancaster Canal Navigation to complete the " and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houses fame:

* of CorrectionAn Act for dividing, allotting, ana inclosing, the An Act for enabling the Barons of the Court of Ex- Common Fields, Marsh, Meadow, and Waste Lands, chequer in Scotland to advance to the Lord Provost and in the Manor of Forebridge, and in the Parish of Castle Magistrates of the City of Edinburgh, for the Purpose of Church, in the County of Stafford, and for embanking completing the Improvements of the Harbour of Leith, and draining Part of the said Common Fields, Marsh, a certain Sum, being Part of the Money which, by an Meadow, and Waste Lands, and certain other Low Act of the last Session of Parliament, was dtrested to be Lands and Grounds, in the said Parish of Castle paid into the said Court of Exchequer by the Proprietors and in the adjoining Parishes, Townships, and Places, of the Forth and Clyde Navigation: of Sow Saint otherwise Saint Thomas upon Sow,

An Act for Relief of Persons entitled to Entailed (Coton, and Saint Mary in Stafford, in the

Estates to be purchased with Trull Monies: said County of Stafford:

An Act for making Wet Docks, Batons, Cuts, and An Act for building a new Bridge over the River other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Secu- or at Fullbridge, in the Town of

lity of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Maldon, in the County of Essex:

Port of London: An Act for establishing and well governing the chari-

An Act for providing a Workhouse for the Use of the- table Institution, commonly called The or House

Parish of Aldbourne, in the County of Wilts, and fof of Refuge for the Reception of Orphan Girls, the Set-

Vol. 55. 8 L tlements

A. i Sod.,

682 20s

tlements of whose Parents cannot be found; and for incorporating the Subscribers thereto, and for the better empowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful Designs:

An Act For repealing Two Acts, one made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Half-way House, in the Parish of Lower Comp-tony in the County of Dorsetthrough the Towns of Yeovil, Crewkerne, and1 Chard, to the East End of the

Town of Axminster, in the County of Devon, and several other Roads therein mentioned; and also, for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, as relates to repairing the Road from the Direction Post in Moor, through

Street Ash Lane, to Chard, and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes, and for altering and diverting certain Parts of the said Roads:

An Act for reviving, continuing, and amending, an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Elfdon High Cro/s, near the Town of ,in the County of Northumberland, to the Red Szvyre, upon the Mid Border betwixt England and Scotland: v

An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Port of ness, by the West of the Borough of Linlithgow, and by the Towns of Torphichen, Bathgate, and and from thence Southward to the Confines of the County of Linlithgow, at 01; near Hollkoufeburn:

An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, and several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from Newport aforesaid to the Village or Place called Welfk Harp, in the Township of Stomall, in the County of Stafford, being the Third District of the said Roads:

An Act for mote effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the Roads therein mentioned, leading from the Town of Leominster, in the County erf1 Hereford':

An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of Ruthin, in the County of Denbigh, to the Town of Mold, in the County of Flint: An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts passed for amending the Highway between Hockliffe and Woburn, in the County of Bedford, and for repairing the Road leading through Woburn to Tick ford Bridge, in Newport in the County of Bucks:

An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the 3

Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Yeas of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, repairing, and widening, the Roads leading from The in the Parish of

Yarpole, in the County of Hereford, to Prefleigne, in the County of Radnor, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County of Radnor, and in the Counties of Hereford and Salop:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of Warminster, in the County of Wilts, to a Place where the Roads to Bath and divide,

and from the Town of Frome to the Town of Becking-ton, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned:

An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East Side of Lincoln Heath to the City of Peterborough, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Northampton and Lincoln:

An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Road sheading from the Town of Bewdley, in the County of Worcester, to the several Places therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester and Salop respectively:

An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, , and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Spalding High Bridge through Littleworth, and by Frognall and over fames Deeping Stone Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Maxey Outgang, in the County of Northampton,

adjoining to the High Road there:

An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading out of the Common Highway from Wigan to Golborn and Warrington, near the Northerly End of the Southerly Platt Bridge in lnce in Mackerfield, by Bamferlong, into the Turnpike Road from Wigan to Ashton, in Ashton in Mackerfield, in the County Palatine of Lane aft er:

An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the South End of the Moor Lane, in the Township of Great Bolton, into the Turnpike Road from Manchester to Wigan, near Wefihoughton Chapel, in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

An Act for continuingihe Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to such of the Roads from Tetbury, and other Places, in the County of Gloucester, as are comprized in the said last, mentioned Act, and for amending and repairing certain other Roads in and through the Parish of and

near Tetbury aforesaid, in the said County of Gloucester:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for amending the Road from the Nine Mile Stone on the Road *

at

40 Geo. ML 206 Jrnll 683

t,

at or near a Place called The Clay Pits, to or near the Chapel at Stone, and also the Roads to or near Durfley, Wotton-under-Edge, Stroud, and Sodbury, and

several other Roads in the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts, except so far as the said Act relates to the Roads to or near Sodbury aforesaid:

An Act to empower the Guardiahs of the most Noble Henry Duke of Newcastle, an Infant, to grant Leases of

certain Parts of his Estates in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for vesting Certain detached Parts of the Estates devised by the Will of Michael Hicks, Esquire, in the Counties of Essex, Norfolk, Suffolk, and Gloucester, and in London, in Trustees, for carrying into Execution certain Agreements for Sale of Parts thereof, and to fell the other Parts thereof, and to apply the Money arising from such Sales in the Purchase of other Estates in the said County of Gloucester, to be settled to the same Uses:

An Act for vesting the Estates of Penyston Portlock Powney, Esquire, deceased, situate in the County of Berks, in Trustees, to be sold, for paying Incumbrances and Debts, and for laying out the Surplus, under the Directions of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be conveyed to the Trustees of the Will of the said Penyfon Portlock Powney, in lieu thereof:

An Act for effecting an Exchange between the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of the Holy Trinity of Chichester, and the Right honourable James Lord Selfey, and the Honourable John Peachey, of certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Sussex:

An Act for more effectually veiling and facilitating the railing of a Sum of Ten Thousand Pounds, which, by the Settlement of the Family Estates of the Right honourable George Augustus Earl of Guilford, was provided for the Portions of his Younger Children, in and for the Benefit of the Honourable Lady Maria North, (the only Child of the said Earl by the Right honourable Maria Countess of Guilford, his late Wife) if Ihe shall live to attain the Age of Twenty-one Years, or to be married:

An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of TrijlramHuddlefone Jervoise, Esquire, in Truf-

tees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money to arise therefrom, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled iii lieu thereof, and to the same Uses:

An Act for inverting Part of the Personal Estate of Robert Child, Esquire, deceased, in the Purchase of an Estate, situate near Offer ley Park, in the County of Middlesex, to be settled upon the Trulls, and for the Purposes, therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Sir Clement Cottrell Dormer, which were devised by the Will of William Philipps Lee, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof,-and to the same Uses, and for other Purposes:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of in the County of Denbigh:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Walton upon Thames, and the Manor of Walton Leigh, in the County of Surrey: An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields,. Meadows and Pastures, Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parishes of and

and Manor of Byfleet, with its Members, in the County of Surrey:

An Act for vesting the Manor of Moreton, and divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Moreton, in the County of Stafford, deviled by the Will of Sir Wil-Vol. 55.

liam Wolfeley, Baronet, deceased, in trustees, to be fold} and for the Application of the Money to arise from such Sale, and for other Purposes:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Richard Wood, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, and for other Purposes:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Plumflead, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields and Waste Ground within the Township of Holmp-ton, in the Parishes of Holmpton and Hollym cum Wi-thernfea,' in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, 'and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Wastes, in the Vills or Hamlets of High Egbrough, Loiv brough, Sherwood, Hutgreen, and Tranmoor, in the Parish of Kellinglon, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Ings, Marshes, Common, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Carlton, in the Parish of , and the Manor and Township of Camblesforth, in the Parish of Drax, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Sproivflon, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for dividing and inclosing Noman's Moor, otherwise Norman's Moor, within the North Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Thurslonland, in the Parish of in the

West Riding of the County of York: .

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Winterborne Stick-land, in the County of Dorset, and for extinguishing the Tythes in the same Parish:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, and also the Waste Lands and Grounds, within the several Parishes of Han-worth, Feltham, and Sunbury, in the County of dlesex:

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, the Open Arable Fields, Stinted Pastures, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Kearby, otherwise other1-

wife Kirby-cum-Netherby, in the Pari fir of Kirkby-Over-

blow, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands in the Manors and Townships of Hale and Halewood, in the Parish of Cliildwall, in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Pastures, Wastes, and other Uninclosed Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Braceborough, in the: County of Lincoln, and for making Conrpcnfation for the Tythes within the same Parish:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing; the Open Common Fields, Lammas Lands, Commons, Heaths, Moors, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Iver, in the County of Buckingham:

An Act to enable Justinian Kerry, Esquire, and his Issue, to take the Surname and Arms of only,

pursuant- to the Will of Justinian Ekins, Esquire, deceased.

Then

A. 1800,

I.«udnn Small LVou Bill, the Thild Tiu e.

Committee on Bread Aflije

Bill.

Instruction *

reported.

The Lords have agreed to

Bill respecting Hides and Skins,

CuifgowPclice

Bril,

684 2o° JuniL

Then the Question being again proposed, That the ingrafted Bill to amend, explain, and render more effectual, an Act, - passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act for the recovering of Small Debts, and for the relieving of Poor " Debtors, in Louden," and an Act, passed in the Four-teenth^Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the above mentioned Ait, and likewise for extending the Powers of the Court of Requests in the City of London, in and by the said Two several Acts continued and established, be now read the Third Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to Be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and, at the End of the Question, to add the Words " upon this Day Three " Months."

And the Question being put. That the Word "now" (land Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the ThirdTime.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

Ordered, That the further Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the said Bill be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for amending an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to extend the Provisions of the said Bill to the City of London, the Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received. 1

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Second Year of King James the First, as prohibits the Use of Horle

Flides in making Boots and Shoes; and for better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the flaying thereof; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for extending the Royalty of the City of over

6

certain adjacent Lands; for paving, lighting, and cleansing, the Streets; for regulating the Police, and appointing Officers and Watchmen; for dividing the City into Wards, and appointing Commissioners; and for raffing Funds, and giving certain Powers to the Magistrates and Council, and Town and Dean of Guild Courts, for the above and other Purposesj without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, as relates to the Road from Parkhouse, to or near the Three Mile House, in the County of Lanark , without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Gloucester to the Town of Stroud, in the County of G/ouccfer-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road from a certain Bridge over a Brook or Stream called Sudbrook, near the City of Gloucester, to the Nine Mile Stone on the Bristol Road, at or near a Place called The Clay Pitts, in the County of Gloucester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, Two Acts, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,' for draining and preserving certain Feu Lands and Low Grounds in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, between the Cam, otherwise Grant, Ouje, and Mildenhall Rivers, and bounded on the South East by the Hard Lands of IJleham,

Soham, and Wicken, and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and' Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands within the said Limits, commonly called Invejled Lands; and for laying certain Rates on Vessels navigated upon the said Rivers, towards supporting the Banks thereof; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of South Hykeham, in the County of Lincoln, and for making

Compensation to the Rector of South Hykeham aforesaid, in lieu of the Tythes of all the Tytheable Lands within the same Parish; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Heath Lands, and Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Cajfmgton, in the County of Oxford, and in the Hamlet of Worton, otherwise Workton, within the said Parish;

without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parishes of Exton and Cottefmore with Barrow, in the County of Rutland, and for extinguishing the Tythes in those Parishes; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Half Year or Shack Lands, Warrens, Commons, Heaths, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Horford, Horsham Saint Faith's, and Hamlet of Newton $aint Faith's, in the County of Norfolk; with some

Amendments;

Lanark Road *

Bill«

Gloucester and Stroud Road

Bill.

Gloucester and Briltoi Road Bill.

Ely (Middle Fen) Drainage

Bill.

South Hyke-ham Iaduiare

Bill.

Caflington Io-dofare Bill.

Exton, See. T ~ cloiuie Bill,

Hors ford la-cloture Bill, with Amend-mentt *

tel (worth Inclosure Bill, with Amend meots.

The Lords

have passed Pitt's Estate Bill,

Bill# read *

Committee on . Deeds and \Vills Re-tbit lion Bill *

Committee on Xancaster Court of Common Pltas Bill.

Scotch Distillery Bill, pie ten ted *

Govenors Indemnity Bill, presented.

40 Geo. lit.

0 *

ao Jumi.

685

Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of in the County of

Cambridge; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming a Partition made of the Estates of the late Humphrey Pitt, Esquire, and certain Powers of Sale mentioned in the Partition Deeds; to which the Lords de^ lire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to restrain all Trulls and Directions in Deeds or Wills, whereby the Profits or Produce of Real or Personal Estate shall be accumulated, and the beneficial Enjoyment thereof postponed beyond the Time therein limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House revived itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Nezvbolt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Nezvbolt reported ftom the Committee, That they

had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better regulating the Practice, and for preventing Delays in the Proceedings, of the Court of Common Pleas at Lancaster, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sturges took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sturges reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to re port, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Bragge presented to the House, according to Or-

der, a Bill for repealing the Duties of Excise on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation^ British made Spirits

from England to Scotland, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for altering, amending, and continuing, certain Acts of Parliament for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. 'Braggepresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation bf Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms: And the fume was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

VOL. 55.

Mr. Bragge presented to the Hoilfe, according to Militia Subal-Order, a Bill for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to tcrns Blll» Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace: And freleiueu-the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to de *

consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Sup- erre ply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Read- Pawnbrokers ing of the Bill (now ingrafted) for more effectually re- B li, deferred, gulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next.

The' Bill (now ingrafted) for permitting the free Im- LinfeedCakes, portation of Linseed Cakes and Rape Cakes, in Neutral Ships, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for permitting the free Importation of Linseed Cakes and Rape Cakes, in Neutral Ships, until the.

Fitft Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and Four. '

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Bill (now ingrafted) further to continue, for a Neutral Ships Time to be limited, federal Acts, relating to the Ad- Bll,» l'aUed million of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose, was, ' according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bijl do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue, until the First Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and Four, several Acts relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire theif Concurrence.

/ e 4

The Bill (now ingrafted) for further edntinuing and Com imports, amending an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and permit the Importation, of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for further continuing, until the Expiration of Forty Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, and amending, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and perjnit the Importation, of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty.

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. '

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply defer-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to rcd consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill to exempt from Duty, Waste Paper ^imported apir into this Kingdom for the Purpose of being re-manutac-tured, except the Duty imposed by an Act of the . Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new'dnd additional Duties

8 M . ®f

Committee #n Bill to repeal Perfumery Duties.

Stamp Duties Billy deferred.

Committee on Land Tax Commissioners Indemnity

_ Bill.

Duke of Richmond's Edate Bill, committed.

r

m

A. 1806;

of Customs ok Goods imported and exported, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

I '

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duties on Perfumery, and on Licences for vending the fame.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committed of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend several Laws relating to the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider furtheT of the Bill for extending the Powers of the Commissioners named in air Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled.

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a " Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, " anti certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and " Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand " Eight hundred, together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the " Land Taxfor indemnifying such Persons named in the said Act as have acted as Commissioners of the Land Tax, and for rendering valid certain Acts done by them.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they, had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna., 2 30 die;

Anno 40° Georgii IIP'1 Regis, 1800. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, and the Duke of Richmond for the Time being, to charge with Jointures the Annuity of Nineteen *

Yhoufand Pounds (payable out of the Consolidated Fund, in lieu of the Coal Duty granted by King Charles the Second to Charles fir (I Duke of Richmond, and the Heirs of his Body) and the Stocks on Transfer of which the said Annuity is made redeemable, and for enabling the Sale of Part of the said Stocks, and investing the Money arising from any such Sale in the Purchase of Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Steele, Mr. Thomas Pelham,- &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for effectuating a Partition or Division of certain Freehold and Copyhold or Customary Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of heretofore

the Estates of Holland Cookfey, Esquire, deceased, and for substituting Thomas Bird, Gentleman, to be a Trustee in the Place of William Dowdeswell, Esquire, now in Parts beyond the Sea, for all the Purposes for which the said William Dowdeswell, jointly with Thomas Blarney, Gentleman, is a Trustee of One undivided Fifth Part of the said Freehold and Copyhold or Customary Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Huf'ey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Aq ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to give to Trustees Powers of Sale, Exchange, and Partition, over such of the Shares of Estates comprized in the Marriage Settlement of William Barbor, Esquire, as are situate in the County of and to lay out the

Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Estates, to be situate in the County of and to give a Power of changing and appointing new Trustees of the Estates so to be sold, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. , Mr. HitJJey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afterndon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Wigley do carry to the Lords the ingrossed Bill for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House in the Town of Kidderminster, in the County of and several

other Roads therein mentioned; and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Wigley do carry to the Lords the ingrossed Bill for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from The Hundred House, in the County of Worcester, and also several other Roads therein mentioned; and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Half Year or Shack Lands, Warrens, Commons, Heaths, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Horsford, HorfiamSaint Faith's, and Hamlet of Newton Saint Faith's, in the County of Norfolk.

And the said Amendments were read; and are a£ followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. I.10. Leave out " Lady," and in the same Line, after " Lenzvard " insert " Baroness Dowager."

1. 15. Leave out " Lady," and in the same Line, after " Lenward " inlcrt " Baroness Dowager."

Pr. 1.

Cookfey's Estate Bill, committed.

Barbor's Estate Bill, committed.

Mr. Wigley to carry Kid-derminrter Roads Bill to the Lords *

Mr. Wigley to carry Hundred House Roads Bill to the Lords.

Lords Amendments to Horfr-ford, &c. Inclosure Bill _ agreed to.

Sir Patrick Blake's Estate Bill, reported, and passed.

Driden's Chanty Bill, command.

Marcet's Nat. Bill, reported, and passed *

FastaTPs EC *

Tate BUI reported, and

polled.

40 Geo. III.

i 30 J

687

Pr. 1. I.21. Leave out " Lady," and in the same Line, after " Lenward" insert

" Baroness Dowager."

I.31. Leave out " Lady," and in the same Line, ' after " Lenward insert

" Baroness Dowager."

Pr.48. 1. 1. Leave out " Lady," and in the same Line, after " Lenward" insert

Baroness Dowager."

k O \

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. John Piit do, carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates devised by the Will of Sir Patrick Blake, Baronet, deceased, situate and being in the Counties of Middlesex and Suffolk, in Trustees, te be

fold for Payment of Incumbrances affecting' the same , Estates, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, and for laying out the Surplus of the Purchase Money in other Estates, upon the Trulls and for the Purposes therein expressed, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table. n

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of The George Inn, in the Town of Northampton, veiled in Trustees lor Charitable Purposes under the Will of John Driden, Esquire, deceased, and for inverting

the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of Three Pounds per CentumConsolidated Bank Annuities, until a proper Purchase caiv be found, and in the mean Time for applying the Dividends and Annual Produce thereof for the same Charitable Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Bitrrozv,&c.: And they are to meet this Af-

ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for-naturalizing Alexander John Gafpard was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill t( the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Parker Coke reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Estates in the Parishes of G, eat Port on, arid Kir ten, in the County of Lincoln, de-, vifec! by the Wiil'of the Reverend William Rajlall, Doctor in Divinity, and for laying out the Money arising by Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled.to the same Utls, and for other Purposes in the said Vot. 55.

Act mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass,

Ordered, That Mr. Parker Coke do carry the Bill to the Lords y and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

' An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bruges's for the Partition of divers Estates of the late Sir Humphrey commiSwi! Brigges, Baronet, in which the Right honourable Richard Viscount Fitzwilliam in the Kingdom of Ireland, the Reverend Richard Huntley, and George Brooke, Esquire, have undivided Shares, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Packer Coke, Sir Richard Hill, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Wiftinghau-fen's Nat. Bill, p ailed.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Frederick William Wifiinghaufen, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Frederick William WiJling-haufen.

Ordered, That Sir John William do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Charles Gotthold Nicolay's Nat. Nicolay, was read the Third Time. BlU passed *

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ' be, An Act for naturalizing Charles Gotthold Nicolay.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords, ind desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming London Small the adjourned Proceeding upon the Third Reading of Bdl' the ingrossed Bill to amend, explain, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act for the recovering of Smajl Debts, and for the relieving of Poor " Debtors, in London," and an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the above mentioned Act, and likewise for extending the Powers of the Court of Requests in the City of London, in and by the said Two several Acts continued and established, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the said adjourned Proceeding.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. I.32. To leave out " all," and to leave out

" and Demands." ' - '

Pr. 2. 1. ±. To leave out " and Demands."

1. ij. To leave out from " others" to " Wages" in 1. 18.'

1.18. To leave out from ‘c to" to " Workmen" ini. 20.

I.20. ‘To leave, out from " Servants" to " or" in 1. 26."

I.39. To leave out from " otherwise" to " not" in 1. 40.

Pr. 3. 1. 1. To leave out " or Value."

' 1. 2. To leave out " and Demands."

- Pr. e. I.15. To leave out from " Debt" to " shall" ini. 16."

1. 16. To leave out from " Sum" to " of" in 1. 17.

1. 27. To leave out " Demand or Damages."

1. 28. To leave out " or Value."

' Pr. 8.

Southampton and Salisbury Canal Bill, reported *

688

23b Junii.

A. 1800,

Pr. 8. 1. 24. To leave out from " Debt" to " as" in 1. 25, and in the same Line to leave out " or are."

}. 27. To leave out from " Debts" to " owing" in 1. 28.

1. 24. To leave out from " Sum" to " of" in 1. 35.

Pr. o.l. c. To leave out from " Debts" to " shall "

in 1. 6. .

I.35. To leave out " or Demands.' *

' 1. 36. . To leave out " or Value."

1. 39. To leave out " or Value."

Pr. 10. 1. 12. To leave out " Demands of Da-, " ,mages."

1. 16. To leave out from " Debts" to " to" in 1. 17.

1. ult. To leave out " Demand or Damages."

Pr. 15. 1.19. ‘To leave out " or Demand."

1. 25. To leave out " or Demand."

1.38. To leave out from " Debts" to " not" ini. 39.

Pr. 16. 1. 15. To leave out "Demandor Damages."

Pr. 17. 1. 36. To leave out " Original;" and, aftfer " Debt" to inlert " exclusive of " Costs."

Pr. 18. 1. 2. To leave out "Original;" and, after " Debt" io inlert " exclusive of " Costs."

1. 5. To leave out " Original;" and, after " Debt" to inlert " exclusive of " Costs."

1. 8. To leave out " Original."

1. 9. After " Debt" to inlert " exclusive of " Costs."

Pr. 20. 1.12.I

' and After " Informations" toinfert "and."

1. 13. To leave out from " Process" toshall" in 1. 15.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to amend, explain, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act^ for the recovering " of Small Debts, and for the relieving of Poor Debtors,

" in London" and an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the above mentioned Act, and likewise for extending the Powers of the Court of Requests in the City of L, in and by the said Two several Acts continued and established.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hujfey reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for altering and amending an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town and County of the Town " of Southampton, to the City of New Sarum, in the " County of Wilts, with a Collateral Branch to

" within the Liberties of the Town of Southampton" was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the' Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Sill, with the Amendments, be ip-

grossed.

An ingrafted Bill for cohtinuing the Term, and alter Surrey Road ing and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, paired in Bl11' passed the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty YJxng George the Second, and in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Sutton, in the County of Surrey, through the Borough of Reigale, by Sidlow Mill, to Povey Cross, and from Sutton aforesaid, through,

and over Howell Hill, to Ewell, and also the Road from Tadworth, by the Windmill, to the Bottom of Pebble Hill, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Sutton, in the County of Surrey, through the Borough of Reigate,. by Sidlow Mill, to Povey Cross, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the same County.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Yorke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lords Amm-L Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Com- fureBiii,a4r«d mon Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Com- to monable Places, within the Parish of in the County of Cambridge.

And the said Amendments we.re read, and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 31. 1. 1. Leave out from " Manor" to the End of the Clause. k

Pr.45. 1. 30. Leave out from " aforefiud" to the End of the Clause.

Pr. 76. 1. 10. Leave out from " fame" to " And" in 1. 20.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Yorke do carry the Bill to the Lords l, and acquaint therrl, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Rocdtcr in the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of £j^e B,u' Rocester, and in the Township of Dwithin the Pa- pa e rilhes of Rocester aforesaid, and A'vet on, in the County of

Stafford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Rocester, and in the Township of DenJ'ton, within the Parishes of Rocester aforesaid and Alvetonin the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Manning reported from the Committee, who were prportonCcaj appointed to enquire into the present State of the Coal Trade.

Trade of this Kingdom, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House; That the Committee had enquired into the Matter to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof, together with a Resolution of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the lame, with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read; and the Resolution of the Committee is as followeth; viz.

Rfolved,

40 Geo. III.

230 Junii.

689

Carnarvon Church Bill> reported *

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in That it is expedient that some Parliamentary Regula- grofled. tions should be adopted, with respect to the l'evcral Points enumerated in their Report. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table. Reading of the Bill for establishing certain Regulations Bill, commi -Ordered, That sucha Number of Copies of the said in the Offices of the House of Commons, be now read. ted *

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

R, That the Bill be committed. R, That the BUI be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- ' .

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be fuf-ticient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Mr. Garthfhore reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for taking down, and re-building upon a more House, upon the said Bill, enlarged Scale, the Chapel of Saint Mary, in the Town of Carnarvon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and madefeveral Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

tr

P

ttnion Bill, rented.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Pop/iam:

Mr. Speaker,

The stords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Holywell with,

The Lord« have agreed to

Holywell Incloiuie Bill.

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; in the county of ; without any Amendment:

and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the And also,

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

PulteneT Estate Bill, reported, and passed.

Sir PVilliam Pulteney reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees therein named to repair the new Bridge over the River from the City of

Bath to the Manor of Bathwick, and to raise a sufficient Sum for that Purpose by a Charge on the Trull Estates

The Lords have agreed to the Bill , intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadow, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Ordfall, in the County of Nottingham; with

an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordfall Inclo-Cure Bill, with an Amendment.

Mr. Sturges, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better regulating the Practice, and for preventing

of the late General Pulteney, or to apply in that Manner Delays in the Proceedings of the Court of Common certain Sums which may be payable to the said Trull Pleas at was committed, the Amendments

Estates from the Company of Proprietors of the Kennetwhich the Committee had made to the Bill, and which and Avon Canal Navigation, was committed; That the they had directed him to report to the House j and he Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered and found the same to be true; and that the Parties con- the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table I cerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satis- Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and faction of the Committee; and that the Committee had then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Qucf-directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Table. ingrossed.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-

Court of Common Pleas Bill reported.

Bread Assize

B I1, read the Third Time.

Ordered, That Sir William Pulteney do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

grossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, -lamp Du,l" upon the Bill to amend several Laws relating to the

Bill.

Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for amending an Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, be Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty now read.

King George the Second, for regulating the Price and Af-

size of Bread, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Ordered, That the further Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the said Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow Mornin:

England

The Earl Temple, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole I doufe, to whom the Bill for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Tabic: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, wijth the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bili be read the Third Time

Vql. 55.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Instructions. Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain " Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships to Solicitors and Attornies in any of the Courts in " therein mentioned," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision, in the said Bill, for amending the said Act.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee. That they have Power to make Provision, in the said Bill, for authorizing the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties to allow the Duties upon the Probate of any Will that shall, by Mistake, have been proved in more than One Ecclesiastical Court.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " At) Act for granting to His Majesty certain " Stamp Duties on the several Matters men-

8N " tioned.

690 230 Junii, A. 1806.

" tioned, and for better securing the Duties on Certi- Duties to {lamp Single Demy Paper for Newspapers of a " ficates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and larger Size than allowed by the said Actothers, practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Then the House resolved itl'elf into the said Com Britain," might be read. mittee. ' t

And the same being read accordingly; Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committee,

mittee, That they have Power to make Provision, in the Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

laid Bill, lot the Relief of Attornies and Solicitors who Mr. Long reported from the Committee, That they

have omitted to obtain and enter their Certificates in due had gone through the Bill, and made feverat Amend-Time, to indemnify tjiem from certain Incapacities, and ments thereunto; which they had directed him to re-to limit the Amount of Penalties to be recovered against port, when the House will please to receive the same. any Attorney or Solicitor. Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in Morning, the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Commis- Mr. Clerk of the Fees of this House, being Account of

" sioners of His Majesty's Stamp Duties to stamp the called in, presented to the House, pursuant to their s^se'a^cjtof " Paper, used for printing Newspapers thereon, in Sheets Order, Aims" prti

" of Single Demy Paper i n Head of Double Demy^Paper," An Account of the Net Produce of the Fees and might bexead. Emoluments of the Serjeant at Arms attending the

And the same being read accordingly; House of Commons, for the last Ten Years.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- And then he withdrew, mittee, That they "have Power to make Provision, in the And the Title of the said Account was read, said Bill, for enabling the Commissioners of the Stamp , The said Account is as followeth; viz.

An ACCOUNT of the Net Produce of the Fees and Emoluments of the Serjeant at Arms attending

the House of Commons, for the last Ten Years.

1:

Years. ' £ j- d. '

In 1790 - 2,419 12 5

1791 - 2,765 10 z

1792 - - - - 3,368 . 9 —

17 93 - - - -- - - 2,636 3 5

1794 - - ' m - - - 1,921 19 6 *

1795 - - ~ - - - - - I>931 8 8

1796 - - SB - - 1,716 — 3

»797 - 3>35I 9 9

1798 - - - - 2>31 7 10

1799 SB " 2,862 14 2

Out of the above, I have annually paid my Deputy £.200.

Cohn an,

Serj' at Arms.

Scotch Distil-kry Biii, commuted.

Petition of Piti.lers, sjr inst Da B.IL

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, of Spirits to be made, and to fan ft ion Regulations at - once unproductive and injurious to the Trade, the Landed

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Interest, and the Farmer, to which Regulations the Peti-Reading of the Bill for repealing the Duties of Excise tioners conceive there are strong and insuperable Ob-on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of jeftions; and fhat the Bill is objectionable and injurious

\Bvltljh-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for altering, amending, and continuing, certain Acts of Parliament for the Regulation of Distilleries in be now

read.

And the said Older being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rplvcd, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve id, If into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of James Haig, of near,

Dihiher, and of the other Subscribers, Distillers in the Lowlands of Scotland, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, Thwt they must be materially affected by the lame, if passed into a Law, in the Form in which it now appears; and that the Incaale of the Licence Duty upon the Contents of the Still, as proposed by the Committee of the House, is a Regulation to which they would readily con-lent, provided it was not proposed at the same Time to subject them to Survey, to limit them to the Quantity 8

to them, by imposing certain other Duties upon Walh; and also, that the System now proposed will be productive of much Loss and Inconvenience to the fair Manufacturer, and mud afford innumerable Opportunities to the illicit Trader to evade the Law; and the Petitioners hope, that the House will relieve them from the ruinous Consequences which mull ensue from those Regulations, and confine the puty to a Licence upon the Still, conformable to the System formerly adopted: But, if the House should be of Opinion, that the System of Taxation by a Licence cannot be continued in thefimple Form in which it was first imposed, the Petitioners pray, That they may be restored to their original Situation, and be placed on the same Footing with the Distillers in England, that the same Mode of Taxation, and Regulations in respect to the Distilleries, may take place in both Countries, as well as a free Communication of Markets to all Parts of the United Empire, which they apprehend to be their Right by the Articles of Union between England and Scotland, and also that they may be

heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confickration of the Committee of the whole House, to

whom

Acts refueling Quarantine, to be con. JUiered.

Their Majes-tie Property Bill, deferred.

Forests Game Bill, ordered.

London Cart Bill, del cried.

40 Geo. III.

0 c f *

2 3 ju.

691

whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be Jieard by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

The House was moved,' That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to oblige Ships more effectually to perform their Quarantine; and for M the better preventing the Plague being brought from Foreign Parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the Isles of Gnernjey, 'Jcrjky, Alderney, Sark, or Man," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to repeal a 44 Clause m an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of " his present intituled, An Act to oblige Ships

44 more effectually to perform their Quarantine, and for u the better preventing the Plague being brought from Foreign Parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the Illesot Guenijey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or AA?;vwhere- by the ftaiion'ing ol Ships infefted with the Plague, 44 to the'Northward of Cape Finisterre, is confined to the Flarbour of New Grimily, and removable to no other 44 Place; and for appointing a more 1'afe and commodious Place infteaci thereof, ' might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his <4 late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the c< Establishment of Lazarets," might be read.

And the fime was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act more effectually to secure ,4 the Performance of Quarantine, and for amending fe-u veral Laws relating to the Revenue of Customs," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to encourage the Trade into the Levant Seas by provicF 44 ing a more convenient Mode of performing Quaran- tine, and for reducing the Duty, granted by an Act u of the last Session, on Goods the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported to any Place within the Streights of Gibraltarmight be read.

And the same being read accordingly; -

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the B'll concerning the DHposition of certain Real and Personal Property of His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, and also of the Real and Personal Property of Her Majesty, and of the Queen Consort for the Time being, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Leave be given, to bring in a Bill for the better Preservation of the Game in Flis Majesty's Forests: And that Mr. Attorney, General, Mr. Solicitor General, aftd Mr. Douglas, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the till for extending the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Eighteenth and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

VOL. 45.

J52-

24.

the Second, to prevent the Misbehav-iour of the Drivers

of Carts in the Streets in London, and the

Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon I>aiVlls the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to relieve,

" upon Conditions, and under Restrictions, the Persons " therein described, from certain Penalties and Disabilities to which Papists, or Persons piofeffing the " Religion, are by Law subject;"

A Motion was-made, and the Question being put.

That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

» f Sir Henry PSt. John

Tellers for the Yeas, < Mildmay,

i Mr. Perceval:

fellers for the Noes,} JF SJtVfa" *

(Mr. Hob house:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr, Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sturges took the Chair of the Committee. ' <

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Mr. Sturges reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they tnay have Leave to fit again. , i

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Nicholas Vans.ttart reported from the Committee, Bill to ineor-to whom the Bill to incorporate certain Persons by the Name of " The London Company for the Manufacture pany of Lonof Flour, Meal, and Bread," was committed; That don, reported, the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report vva^ ryad.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon IFedneJdayMorning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by tire Committee, be printed, as shall be fuftkient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into India Govein-further Consideration the Report from the Committee *

of the whole House, to whom the Bill lor establishing further Regulations for the Government of the Territories in India, and the better Administration of Justice within the same, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report, be taken into further Consideration upon ThursdayMorning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Hops Bill, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon defeircd the Bill to repeal an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent Frauds in the buying<vnd felling of " Hops,", and for the bester Collection of the Duty on Hops, and to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Trade of Hops; '

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wedm Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Gover- Governors in nors, and Persons acting as such in the West India Blands, B,11»

who

comuiiiud.

Militia Subalterns Hill, committed.

Wjy and , Means, deferred.

Pawnbroker's Bill, deferred.

Supply, deferred.

Committee on Waite Paper Bills.

Committee on Bid to repeal Pei turnery Dullf

Land Tax

C omuntTionei s Irvl-miiity Bill, p.HVd.

693 23° — 24 1800.

who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved.That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee-of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for more effectually regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

t

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to exempt from Duty, Waste Paper imported into this Kingdom for the Purpose of being re-manufactured, except the Duty imposed by an Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Long reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved, itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duties on Perfumery, and on Licences for vending the fame.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committee. \

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Long reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read

The Bill (now ingrossed) for extending the Powers of the Commissioners named in an Act, made in this pre-lent Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for ap-

" pointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act: " of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for " continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on " Pensions, Offices, and Personal Elites, in England, " Wales, and the Town of Be upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco/ and Snuff, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred, " together with those named m Two former Acts for " appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax," for indemnifying such Persons named in the said Act: as have acted as Commissioners of the Land Tax, and for rendering valid certain Acts done by them, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for extending the Powers of the Commissioners named in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act: of this Session of " Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and " granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town " of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, " Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year " One thousand Eight hundred, together with those " named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax," for indemnifying such Persons named in the said Act as have acted as Commissioners of the Land Tax, and for rendering valid certain Acts done by them.

Ordered, That Mr. Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House' adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martisy 2 40 Junii;

t

Anno 40° Georgii IIItU Regis, 1800.

1

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for opening, making, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Ratcliff Highway, through Cannon Street, in the County of into

the Road leading into the County of Essex, and also from the West End of Brook Street into Cable Street, and from Upper SJudive/I Street into the Back Lane, in the said County of Middlesex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for opening, making, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Ratcliff Highway, through Cannon Street, in the County of Middlesex, into the Road leading into the County of Essex, and also from the West End of Brook Street into Cable Street, and from UpperShadwell Street into the Back Lane, in the said County of

Ordered, That Mr. Mainzvaringdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. '

An ingrossed Bill to divide, allot, and inclose, a certain Allotment of Enfield Chace, called The Edmonton Allotment, and to divide anti exchange certain Common Field Lands, Waste, and Marshes, in Edmonton aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

An

RatcliffHigki way Road Bill, passed.

Edmonton Incloluie Rill, passed.

Pawnbrokers Bill, paired.

I »

Sir Richard Hexham' Estate Bill, reported, and jtfed.

Chirton Inclosure Bill, reported.

Lords Amend *

ment to Ord-fall Inclosure Bill, agreed to.

24° Junii.

693

40 Geo. III.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to authorize the Vicar to grant Leases.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common, Common Fields, Common Marshes, and Waste Land, within the Parish of Edmontonin the County of -

/ex, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Mainwaring do carry the Bill to the L6rds, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for more effectually regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for more effectually regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers.

Ordered, That Mr. Mainwaring do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. William Taylor reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estates, devised by the Wfill of Sir Richard Hot ham, Knight, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Incumbrances, and for laying out the Surplus Monies in other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any AmendmentAnd he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do. pass. '

Ordered, That Mr. William Taylor do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Buxton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor or Tything of Chirton, otherwise Cherrington, in the County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of One Yard Land and Three Quarters, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Property intended to be inclosed consists of 46 Yard Lands; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Vo 1'. 55.

Fields, Meadow, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Farish of Ordfall, in the County of Nottingham.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz. . ' ,

Pr. 42. 1. 27. Leave out from " made" to " being," in 1« 29.

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Buxton do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Mr. Patten reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the Tenants for Life, under the Will of the late William Wright, Esquire, to convey in Fee, or grant Leases for long Terms of Years, for the Purpose of building, of Part of the Estates devised by the said Will, in the Counties Palatine of Chester and Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Patten do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for settling Disputes that may arise between Matters and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture, and for the better Prevention of the Embezzlement of West, in that Part of Great Britain called England, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanley, Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire, &c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Frafer reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to fell such Part or Parts of the Entailed Estate of Blairhall and others, in the Counties of Fife and Perth, belonging to Mistress Ann Ranaldson Dickson, Wife of James Ranaldson Dickson, of Blairhall, Esquire, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts and Provisions to Younger Children affecting the fame, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Frafer do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment. '

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for veiling Part of the settled Estates of the most Honourable Arthur Marquis of Downshire in the Kingdom of Ireland, and Earl of Hillsborough in the Kingdom of England, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henniker Major, Mr. Buxton, 8cc. j And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

8 0 Mr, Wigley

Wright's Estate Bill, reported, and palfed.

Cotton Manufacturers Bill, committed.

Mrs.Dickson't Eltale Bill, reported, and passed.

Marq'uiJ of Downshire' Estate Bill, committed.

jOOQ

parfholt In , clos.jrc Bill, Sported,

Neath Harbour Bill, reported.

Pitt's Efhte Bill, committed.

Counsel cr-riered on Petitions np linlt t'.je r»«l! to m-r jrponte the P! -nr Company ot Lordon,

604 240 Juniu ' 1800.

Mr. /F/^Vv reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Paftare, Wade and Down Ground, within the Parish or Township of in

the County of Berks, and within the Hamlet of

cote, in the same Parish and County, was committed; and to whom the Petition of of Golden Square, in the County of Esquire, one of

the Guardians of Thomas Spiers an Infant under

the Age of Twenty-one Years, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, and to the changing One of the Commissioners therein named, to the Satisfa<ftion of the Committee (except one Person, who is a Minor, and possessed of about 11 Acres of Land, whose Guardian refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Property belonging to Persons interested in the Jlnclosure, consists of 1,459 Acres, or thereabouts); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and ma.de several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report ta the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severallyput thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted. '

Ordered, That Mr. IVigley do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Appointment and Regulation of Pilots and Hoblers for the conducting of Ships and Vessels into, and out of, the Port or Harbour, and River, of Neath, in the County of Glamorgan, for regulating the mooring of Ships and Vessels therein, and for the Regulation of Porters within the said Port or Harbour, and River, and within the Town of Neath, was committed.

Mr. IVigley accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through , the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,' One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Partition made of the Estates of the late Humphrey Pitt, Esquire, and certain Powers of Sale, mentioned in the Partition Deeds, was read a Second Time':

Befohed, That the Bill be committed to Mr,

Mr. Penn, fee.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

-The House was moved, That the Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Company of Bakers of the City of London, and of the several other Persons whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Bakers within the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and Bills of Mortality, and within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange-, and also, the Petition of the Master

5

Bakers of the City of Weshnhifier and Liberties thereof and others, on Behalf of themselves and others, Bikers within the said City and Liberties; and all'o, the Petitioncf the several Persons, whose Names are thereto subsetibed. Owners and Occupiers of Mills, Millers, Mealmen, and others concerned in the Flour Trade, which were severally presented to the House upon the 10th and nth Days of this Instant June, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to incorporate certain Persons by the Name of " The " London Company for the Manufacture of " Flour, Meal, and Bread," was committed, be taken into further Consideration; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves, their , Counsel, Agents, and Wipiefles, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

An ingrossed Bill for taking down, and re-building upon a.more enlarged Scale, the Chapel of Saint Mary, in the Town of Carnarvon, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title-be, An Act for taking down, and re-building upon a more enlarged Scale, the Chapel of Saint Mary, in the Town of Caernarvon.

Ordered, That Mr. Douglas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) ior the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, be now' read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That the Earl Temple do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Long, according to Order, reported from ;the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the Duties on Perfumery, and on Licences for vending the fame, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; arid then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed.to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Mr. Long, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend several Laws relating to the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered,

Carnarvon Church Bill passed.

Union Bill palTvd.

Bill to repeal

Perfumery Duties, reported.

Stamp Duties Bill, reported.

Waste Paper BUI, reported *

Lancaster Court of Common Pleas Bill paired.

Papers re-I'peifing Qua rantine, prelected.

40 Geo. III. 240 jU695

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-grofled.

Mr. Long, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to exempt from Duty Waste Paper imported into this Kingdom for the Purpose of being re-manufactured, except the Duty imposed by an Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for grant- , ing new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-grofled.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for the better regulating the Practice, and for preventing Delays in the Proceedings of the Court of Common Pleas at be

now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bil) do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better regulating the Practice, and for preventing Delays in the Proceedings of the Court of Common Pleas at Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Nezvbolt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr.

(one of the Clerks of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council) attended at the Door; he was'called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. Estimate of the Charge of maintaining the present Establilliment of the Floating Lazarette in Stand-gate Creek: And also,

N° 2. An Account of the Annual Expence attending the whole present Quarantine Establilliment for the last Ten Years; distinguishing the several Ports where Quarantine can now be performed, and distinguishing each Year; And also,

N° 3. Table of Tonnage Duties proposed to be paid on Ships and Vessels, the Cargoes of which, or any Part thereof, shall have performed Quarantine in this Kingdom: And also,

N° 4. Plan and Estimate of a Lazarette proposed to be erected on Chetney Hill, prepared by James

Esquire, Surveyor of His Majesty's Board of Works, and laid before the Lords of His Majesty's Privy Council.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of several Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twelfth, Twenty-eighth, and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relative to the Performance of Quarantine, and for the several other Purposes therein mentioned.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

VOL. 55.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the'House to Commi-tti- on resolve itself into a , Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duties of Excile on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of -

made Spirits from England to Scotland, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for altering, amending, -and continuing, certain Acts of Parliament for the Rer gulation of Distilleries in Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had heard Count'd in Behalf of, the Petition of James Haig, of Lochrin, near Edinburgh, Distiller, and of the other Subscribers, Distillers in the Lowlands of Scotland; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto ;.which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lorcjs, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. The Lord Smith: hsve ,0

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act CapeofGooil to lessen the Duties on Wine and Spirits, the Produce £ of of the British Settlement »f The Cape of Good Hope, C" 1 and to empower the Importers to land the same before Payment of the Duties of Excise, and to lodge the same in Warehouses, and to allow the same to be ship-"ped free of Duty, as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Kid Skin Bill, for repealing Part of the Duties and Drawbacks of Customs on Kid Skins imported, and the Exemption of imported Kid Skins from Excise Duty on being dressed in Great Britain; without any Amendment: And also, , -

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act; WyfallTndo-for dividing,-allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, sure Bl>!' Meadows, Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands, u'ithin the Farish of Wyfall, in the County of Nottingham; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act BilJ for con. for confirming and establishing the Division and Inclo- an

r e r- 1 txr /r i j Agreement for

lure ot a certain Common, or Parcel ot Waste Land, Session, &c. called Session For eft, otherwise The Long Forest, within l"dofoie. the Townlliips of Session, Bache, and Norton, in the Pari fh of Culmington, in the County of Salop, and certain

Exchanges of Lands and Estates within the said Pa- s rish; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ingburdi-for dividing, allotting and inclosing, the Commons,

Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Jngburelnvorth, in the Parish of Pin the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Conntngton for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Com-' t h° - *

mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and meats. " other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Connington, in the County of Cambridge; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

\ ©

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ingq^n- to consider of several Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth tme. and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twelfth, Twenty-eighth, and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present

! /

a4# — 25® JuniL

4. i % oo.

present Majesty, relative to the Performance of Quarantine, and for the several other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Mr. Douglas (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends to the House, to make Provision for erecting a Lazarette on Land, and for providing proper Accommodations for the better Performance of Quarantine.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com-jnittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they

had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning,

Ntw Fortft Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for..taking into

Bill, deferred, further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for better Preservation of Timber in The New in the County of Southampton, and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the

laid Forest, and of the Lands of the Crown within the lame, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered \That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Bmd Affite Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming Bill, ddntyl. the further Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the ifigrofied Bill for amending an Act. made in the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Proceeding be further adjourned dll Thur/dayMorning next.

Committee <m Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to

P»jm1U Bill, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to relieve, upon Conditions, and underRestrictions, the " Persons therein described, from certain Penalties and " Disabilities to which Papists, or Persons professing the " Popish Religion, are by Law subject," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge toojc the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill j and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon . Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy i$° Junii 5

Anno 40s Georgii IIP" Regis, 1800.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill for the Appointment and Regulation of Pilots and Hobiers for the conducting of Ships and Vessels into and out of the Port or Harbour, and River, of Neath, in the county of,

for regulating the mooring of Ships and Vessels therein; and for the Regulation of Porters within the said Port or Harbour, and River, and within the Town of , was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the Appointment and Regulation of Pilots and Hobiers for the conducting of Ships and Vessels into and out of the Port or Harbour, and River, of Neath, in the County of Glamorgan; for placing Byoys

upon the Bar of Neath, and the Removal of Obstructions in the said Port or Harbour, and River; for regulating the mooring of Ships and Vessels therein; and for the Regulation of Porters within the said Port or Harbour, and River, and within the Town of Neath.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion being made. That the Report which, upon the 17th Day of this Instant June, was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Horn-castle Navigation Company to raise a further Sum of Money to complete the said Navigation, and for amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Navigation, was re-committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now. taken into further Consideration;

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House upon Friday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration. '

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ear! of Er-roll's Bill, detcircd.

Governors Indemnity Bill, dpkrreil.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to discharge from a disputed and dormant Claim of the Public, several Estates belonging to the Right honourable William , Earl of Erroll, Lord High Constable of Scotland.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported fom the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of several Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twelfth, Twenty-eighth, and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relative to the Performance of Quarantine, and for the several other Purposes therein mentioned, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk'sTable: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That

Militia Subl terns BUI, deferred.

Neath Harbour Bill, paiftd«

Report on HomcastleN^ vigation BUI, further considered *

Report on AfU

respecting

Quarantine,

40 Geo. III.

250 Junii.

f>9

That His Majesty be enabled to direct the Sum of Sixty-five Thousand Pounds to be issued, out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Purpose xof erefling a Lazaret te on Chetney Hillin the County of with ne-

cessary and convenient Accommodations, for the Purpose of performing Quarantine, and for defraying the Expences attending the lame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged for every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel, the Cargo of which, or any Part thereof, shall have performed Quarantine in this Kingdom, and which shall have arrived from any Part of Turkey, or from any Port or Place in , within the of Gilbraltar, or in The West Barbary on the Atlantic Ocean, with a clean Bill of Health, a Duty of Seven Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged for every Ton Burthen of every such Ship or Vessel, which shall have so arrived without a clean Bill of Health, a Duty of Fifteen Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged for every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel, the Cargo of which, or any Part thereof, shall have performed Quarantine in this Kingdom, and which shall have arrived from any Port or Place whatever, except from any Part of , or from any Port or Place in Africa, within the Straights of Gibraltar, or in The West Barbary on the Atlantic Ocean, with a clean Bill of Health, a Duty of Three Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged for every Ton Burthen of every ' such Ship or Vessel, which shall have lo arrived without a clean Bill of Health, a Duty of Ten Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged for every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel, the Cargo of which, or any Part thereof, shall consist of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Turkey, or of any Port or Place in Africa within the Streights of Gibraltar, or' in The West Barbary on the Atlantic Ocean, which shall have performed Quarantine in this Kingdom, and which shall have arrived from any Port.or Place in Holland, or from any Port or Place whatever at which there is not a regular established Lazarette for the Performance of Quarantine, a Duty of Seven-Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged for every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel, which shall have so arrived under such Circumstances as shall induce His Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, to subject them to like Quarantine as Ships arriving from Turkey without clean Bills of Health, a Duty of Fifteen Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged for every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel, the Cargo of which, or any Part thereof, shall have performed Quarantine in this Kingdom, and which Ship or Vessel shall enter inwards in the Port of London, an additional Duty of One Shilling.

Resolved, That-it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that the several Laws now in force for the Performance of Quarantine should be amended and made more effectual.

The said Resolutions. being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Douglas, the Lord Hawkesbury, and Mr. Ryder, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

King' Mef- Mr. Secretary Dundas acquainted the House, That he iage respecting had a Message from His Majesty to this House, ligned Du.eh shi«M. by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House i and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Mem-Vo 55.

Dutch Ships ate.

bers of the House being uncovered); arid is as follow-eth} viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty acquaints the House of Commons, that Conventions have been entered into by His Direction, with the Hereditary Stadtholderof the United Provinces, for placing, at His Majesty's Disposal, certain Ships of War and Seamen, together with a Body of Land Forces, which, in consequence of their submitting to the Authority veiled in his Serene Highness, as Captain General and Admiral of the Union, had been passed over to this Country. His Majesty has given Orders, that Copies of these Conventions should be laid before Parliament and He recommends to this House to consider of such Provisions as may be necessary to enable His Majesty to fulfil the Engagements He has entered into with his Serene Highness, and to avail Himself of the Service of the said Ships, Seamen, and Troops, for the further Prosecution of the War, or in such Manner as His Majesty may think proper, for the Interests of this Country.

G.R.

Ordered, That His Majesty's said moll Gracious Message be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take His Majesty's said moll Gracious Message into Consideration.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for the gracious Communication contained in His Majesty's Message to this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, by

His Majesty's Command,

N# ivA Paper, intituled, "Terms on which''His Majesty has agreed to take into His Employment the " Dutch Ships of War, which surrendered to His Majesty's Fleet under the Command' of Vice Admiral " Mitchell, to be held for the- Orders of his Serene

" Highness the Prince of Orange, in the Vlieter, on the " 30th of August 1799:" And also,

N° 2. A Paper, intituled, " Terms for receiving the " Dutch Troops of his Serene Highness the Prince of " Orange, under the Command of his Serene Highness " the Hereditary Prince of , into His Majesty' " Service."

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

The said Papers are as followeth j viz.

TERMS on which His Majesty has agreed to take into his Employment the Dutch Ships of War which surrendered to His Majesty's Fleet under the Command of Vice Admiral to be held for the Orders of his Serene Highness the Prince of Orange, in the Vlieter, on the 30th of August 1799.

I.

His Serene Highness engages, on the Behalf of the lawful Government of the Republic of the United Provinces, to furnish the Ships mentioned in the Margin , completely officered, manned, and vidtuajled, to be employed under His Majesty's Orders, in the European Seas only, and for the Advantage of the Common Cause, during the present War; or until the lawful Government of the Republic shall be re-established - therein, and shall reclaim those Ships. His Serene Highness is to be at Liberty to employ any Dutch Seamen now on board

8 P of

Addrest thext^ upon.

Pfcpert relating thereto, presented.

One of 60 Guns, One of Guns, One of 36GUM, j One of 18 Cans,

1

A. 1800.

698

35 J

of the said Ship?, or on board of the or on board

of the Heldin, or on board of the or on board of

the Minerva; or any other Dutch Seamen well affected to the lawful Government of the United Provinces, and who may he disposed to serve in the Manner and on the Terms now proposed.

II.

His Serene Highness agrees to place at the Disposal of His Majesty the Ships mentioned'in the annexed Schedule, in the State in which they now are, to be employed as His Majesty shall judge proper, and for the Benefit of the Common Cause, within the European Seas, during the War, or until the lawful Government of the Republic shall be re-established therein, and shall reclaim those Ships.

III.

In order to enable his Serene Highness to carry into Effect the Stipulation of the First Article, His Majesty engages to defray the Expence of putting the Ship of the Line, Two Frigates, and Sloop therein mentioned, into a Condjti&n for Service, and to keep them constantly in a proper State of Repair, and to supply them vith such Naval Stores as may from Time to Time be necessary for their Life while so employed as above.

IV.

His Majesty engages to cause to be paid from Time to Time to his Serene Highness, or to any Person properly authorized by him, such Sum or Sums of Money as may be requisite for the Payment of the Wages of the Officers and Crews of the said first mentioned Ships, and for their Support and Maintenance j the Amount of such . Wages and Allowances to be computed according to the Rates allowed for Ships of the like Class, under the ( Regulatipqs established in the Admiralties of the United Provinces previous to the Year 1795. The first Payment of Wages and Allowances to be made in Advance within the Space of Ten Days from the Date of the Signature of this Agreement, and from thenceforth in regu-. lar Proportions every Three Months during the Period in which the said Ships shall continue to be so employed.

V.

His Majesty engages that the said Ships and Sloop shall, at the Conclusion of the present War, be delivered up to his Serene H ighness on the Behalf of the lawful Government of the United Provinces, provided that at that Period the said Government shall be re-established in those Provinces, and that the same shall be delivered from the Power of the French.

VI.

In the Event of His Majesty's employing any of the ' Ships specified in the Schedule which is referred to in the Second Article, His Majesty engages to restore them as above to His Serene Highness on the Behalf of the lawful Government of the United Provinces, in as perfect a State as they at present sire. With a View to the fulfilling this Stipulation, His Majesty will appoint proper Persons to examine, in Conjunction with such Persons as may be nominated by his Serene Highness, and prepare Estimates of the Value of the Ships above mentioned, before they are employed; and in case any of the said Ships shall be taken by the Enemy, or be loft while employed by His Majesty, the Value thereof shall be deposited in the Hands of his Serene Highness for and in Behalf of the lawful Government of the United Provinces as above, or subject to such other Disposition as may be made thereof by any subsequent Agreement.

VII.

It is agreed, that proper Commissions to the Officer? serving on board of the Ship of the Line, Two Frigates, and Sloop before mentioned, shall be granted by His Majesty in the same Manner as they are now granted to the Officers of His Majesty's Naval Service; and that the said Officers shall also be furnished with Commissions

vf the same Rank and Date by the Prince of as

3

Admiral General of the United Provinces; and that the said Officers shall rank with His Majesty's Officers according to the Date of their respective Commissions; and that they and their Crews shall be entitled to Prize Money in all the same Cafes and under the same Regulations as are or may be established for His Majesty's Service, whether -such Prize Money shall accrue from Captures made solely by the said Ships, or by them in Conjunction with any of His Majesty's Ships, or with any Privateer duly commissioned by His Majesty.

(Signed) March 11, 1800.

W. Prince of.

Approved.

By His Majesty's Command, '

(Signed) Grenville.

SCHEDULE.

Names. Guns.

Washington - - - 74

Admiral de Ruyter, - - - - 68

Leyden - - - - , - 68

Cerberus - - - , - - - 68

Utrecht - - - 68

Guelderland - - - - 68

Batavier - - - - 56

Befchermer - - - 56

Mars razi - - - <- 50

Amphitrite - - - - -44

Ambuscade - - - 34

Galathe - - - -18

(Signed) IV. Prince of Orange.

(Signed) Grenville.

FIRST EXPLANATORY ARTICLE.

It is agreed that the Expression contained in the Sixth Article of the foregoing Convention, " In as per- " fect a State as they at present are," is not to be so understood as to oblige His Majesty to make Compensation for such Damage as may arise only from the reasonable Wear and Tear' of the Ships referred to in the above mentioned Article, during the Period in which they may be employed in the Manner mentioned in th<? Convention.

(Signed) W. Prince of Orange.

April 2d, 1800.

t

Approved.

By His Majesty's Command,

(Signed) Grenville.

SECOND EXPLANATORY ARTICLE.

Whereas, since the signing of the Convention of the I ith of March last, containing the Terms on which His Majesty has agreed ‘ to take into His Employment the Dutch Ships of War which surrendered at the Vlieter to His Majesty's Fleet under the Command of Vice Admiral Mitchell, several Difficulties have occurred with regard to the best Means of carrying that Agreement into Execution; especially that Part of it, by which it has been stipulated — In the First Article, That his Serene Highness engages on the Behalf of the lawful Government of the Republic of the United Provinces, to furnish the Ships mentioned therein, completely victualled; — and in the Fourth Artide, That His Majesty engages to cause to be paid, from Time to Time, to his Serene Highness, or any Person properly authorized by him, such Sum or Sums of Money for the Payment of the Support and Maintenance of the Officers and Crezvs of the said Ships, the Amount of such Allowance, to be computed according to the Rates allowed for Ships of the like ClaJ's under the Regulations established in the Admiralties of the United Provinces previous to the Year 1795:

And as those Difficulties have been found to be of such a Nature as to render another Mode of proceeding

in

25° Junit.

699

40 Geo. III.

in this Respect more eligible for the Furtherance^ the Public Service:

It is agreed, that the aforesaid Stipulations, as far as they relate to the Mod£ of Victualling the above Ships, shall be considered as making no Part of the said First and Fourth Articles of the above Convention; and in order to provide now for the fame, His Majesty engages to cause the said Ships of War to be vidualled from Time to Time in the same Manner as is practised with regard to the Crews of His Majesty's Ships of War.

(Signed) W. Prince of Orange.

London, June 10th, 1800.

Approved.

By His Majesty's Command,

(Signed) Grenville.

TERMS for receiving the Dutch Troops of his . Serene Highness the Prince of , under the Command of his Serene Highness the Hereditary Prince of Orange, info His Majesty's Service.

The King agrees to take into His Service the Troops under his Serene Highness the Hereditary Prince of Orange on the following Terms:

VII,

DESCRIPTION tie Recruit.

Each Recruit to be enlisted for Seven Years, to be examined by a Surgeon, who is to give a Certificate, signed by himself, of his Capacity or Incapacity to serve, to be Five Feet and Four Inches high, and from Sixteen to Forty Years of Age, and finally to be approved of and accepted by the Military Commissary.

VIII.

BOUNTY for Recruits hereafter to he rerifed

The Sum of Twelve Pounds will be allowed for each Recruit of the above Description, delivered at the Depot in the Isle of Wight, who shall be approved of, in Addition to which the same Bounty as specified in Article V. for the Purpose of providing the Necessaries as therein referred to, shall be made. In all, for each Infantry Recruit Fourteen Pounds Ten Shillings and for each Yager the Sum of Fifteen Pounds.

IX.

GOVERNMENT not to incur any additional Expence.

It is to be clearly understood that the Government is not to incur any Expence for a rejected Recruit, who is to be subsisted and sent back to the Continent at the Charge of the Hereditary Prince of or at that of the

Persons employed under his Serene Highness's Authority for recruiting these Corps.

I.

FORMATION of tbi Corps.

These Troops to be formed into Four Regiments of Infantiy, One Regiment of Chasseurs, Four Companies of Artillery, and One Company of Pioneers.

II. '

DISTRIBUTION of the Companies of Artillery Pioneers.

One of each of the Companies of Artillery' to be attached to each of the Regiments of Infantry, and the Company of Pioneers to the Corps of Chasseurs.-

III.

ESTABLISHMENT.

The Regiments of Infantry and Chasseurs, the Companies of Artillery and Pioneers, to consist of the Num-, bers expressed in Table No. I.

' IV.

ENGAGEMENT to he figrud by tie Recruit.

These Troops to take the Oath of Allegiance to His Majesty, and to serve in any Part of Europe His Majesty may think proper for the Term of Seven Years, and to lign an Engagement accordingly, and be liable to the same Regulations and Articles of War as His Majesty's British Troops.

V.

BOUNTY for the Men no<w at the Isle of Wight.

Each Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, and Private now in the Isle of Wight, who shall be approved of and accepted for His Majesty's Service, to receive Two Pounds Ten Shillings as Bounty, out of which he must be provided with the Necessaries specified in the annexed No. II. the Remainder of the Bounty to be accounted for and paid to the Men; the Chasseur (or Yager) to have Three Pounds on Account of the Price of the Sac de Chafle.

VI.

RECRUITING Conditions in case of an Augmentation.

Whenever it shall be judged proper to complete or augment this Corps by Recruits from the Continent, the Hereditary Prince of Orange, or whoever under his Serene Highness's Authority may undertake to furnish such Recruits, only to enlist Men who have been in the Service of Holland, or who are natural born Subjects of the United Provinces, or belong to the Hereditary States of the Prince of Orange.

Vol. 55.

X.

PERIOD and CONDITIONS of tU Soldier's Difebttrge.

Each Man who shall serve his Time according to hia Engagement shall be entitled to his Discharge; and be Tent to the Continent, should he require it, with Two Months Pay (provided he has behaved during the Term of his Service properly) to carry him to his Home, Government to be at the Expence of taking him to the Continent should he be discharged in , or in any other insular Situation. The Two Months I^ay to date from the Day of his landing on the Continent, or in any Part of the United Provinces.

XI.

PROVISION for wounded or di fabled Non - commissioned Officers, Drummers^ and Privates.

In Cafes of Wounds, or long and faithful Services, the Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Privates will be entitled to the same Treatment as Sol-

diers j or if they choose to return Home, they will re ceive a Sum of Money as a Reward for their Services, in the same Way as is now practiled with Foreign Soldiers in the Sixtieth Regiment, who prefer returning to the Continent to receiving a Pension in England.

XIJ.

No Soldier to be discharged but with the Knowledge of the Military Commissary.

During the Capitulation no Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, or Private shall be discharged but with the Knowledge and Consent of the Military Commissary.

XIII.

E $JUIPMENT

Government to furnish Arms and Accoutrements.

XIV.

CLOTHING.

Complete Clothing will be delivered to each Corps for its effective Number, for which a Receipt will be given by the Commanding Officer of each Battalion, and for which Clothing he is to be responsible, and to account for its Issue Twice a Year, on the 24th of April and the 24th of October, making Returns of the fame,

together with the Return of the Arms and Accoutrements at those Periods, to the Secretary at War, and to the Military Commissary. It is clearly to be understood, that no Part of the Clothing is the Property of the

A. 1800.

6 tfS *

25 J

XV.

CAPTAINS responfihle for the Arm of tbtir Campania,

The Captains receiving an Allowance for keeping complete and in repair the Arms of their respective Companies, they are to replace such of them as may be lost or destroyed by wilful Neglect or Abuse.

XVI.

RATE tf Pap and Allowances,

The same Pay and Allowances to be granted to both Officers and Men, as to His Majesty's Infantry Regiments, in whatever Part of His Majesty's Dominions they may serve with them. The Particulars of this Pay and Allowance are annexed to the Establishment, numbered, I. No Difference of Pay to be made to the Artillery or Yagers.

XVII.

Eventual Alterations in the Pay and Allowances

In the Event of these Corps being employed on the Continent in Conjunction with any other Foreign Corps, His Majesty shall be at Liberty to place them on any Rate of Pay and Allowances granted to such Foreign Troops of the same Denomination with whom they may serve, as His Majesty shall think fit. Though the Pay and Allowances may from this Cause occasionally vary, ytt Jhe Mode and Period of making up and of giving in the Accounts are by no Means to be altered; and to prevent the Condition which may arise from too frequent Changes, no Alteration of Pay and Allowances shall take place but on the Twenty-fifth Day of each Calendar Month. This Article to fdrm Part of the Engagement to be signed by the Non-commissioned Officers, Drutp-mers, and Privates now at the Isle of Wight, who may be accepted for the King's Service; and by any Recruit hereafter to be enlisted, at the Time his Engagement is signed, the Twenty-third Article is also to be read to him.

XVIII.

DATE of Officers Commissions. t,

The Officers Commissions to bear Datejfrom the Day on which this Capitulation shall be signed; and the Officers belonging to the Corps, who shall be in England to receive British Pay from the 24th 1799.

XIX.

COMMENCEMENT of Pay to M a.

The Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Privates now at the Isle of Wight, who shall be approved, to receive Pay from the Day on which this Capitulation is signed.

XX.

The Dutch Troops subjtd to say Variation in tie Pap and Allowances to the British Amy.

Whatever Variation of Pay or Regulation of interior (Economy His Majesty shall think proper to establish hereafter for the Government of the Troops, shall, in such Instances as the King shall think expedient be, extended to the Dutch Troops.

XXI.

Officers to join within Three Months,

All Officers to join within the Space of Three Months after the Date of their Commission; and if they do not join within that Period their Appointment to such Commissions to be considered void. No Officer is to receive Pay until he shall join the Corps.

XXII.

PROVISION for wounded Officers.

Officers rendered incapable of Service by Wounds, or other Infirmities contracted while in the Discharge of their Military Duty, and while in the British Service, to receive a Provision from this Country, in no same to exceed the Half Pay of the Rank they hold at the Time of being so incapacitated.

XXIII.

These Troops to pass into the Service of his Serene Highness the HeresBtasy Prince of Orange.

In the Event of the lawful Government of the United Provinces being restored, or his Serene Highness the

Stadtholder, or the Hereditary Prince of Orange being so situated in virtue of any Arrangements which may have received the Concurrence of His Majesty, as to be able to maintain and employ Viefe Troops on the Continent of Europe, they are to be held at his Serene High-

ness's DispofaJ, on his transmitting a Requisition to that Effect to the Secretary of State, and to the Commander in Chief for the Time being, Three Months previous to the Time at which the Troops are to quit His Majesty's Service.

XXIV.

Officers Commissions to he signed by His Royal Highness the Commander in Chief, and by his Serene Highness the Stadtholder.

All the Commissions in the Corps to be granted for the present by His Royal Highness the Commander in Chief, in the same Manner as they are now granted to the Officers of the other Foreign Corps, and these Officers to be also commissioned by the Stadtholder or Hereditary Prince of Orange-, which Commissions are to be of an equal Rank with those granted by His Royal Highness the Commander in Chief.

XXV.

Their Serene Highneffits the Prince, or the Hereditary Prince of Orange to recommend to Commissions.

His Serene Highness the Stadtholder or the Hereditary Prince of Orange to recommend to all the vacant Commissions. 1

XXVI.

PREFERENCE to the Dutch Officers receiving an Allowance.

The Officers formerly in the Service of Holland, and now receiving an Allowance from Great Britain, to be among the first Persons placed in this Corps.

XXVII.

MILITARY COMMISSARY.

A Military Commissary, who is also to act as Inspector, to be named to the Dutch Corps on their being received into the Service.

XXVIII.

PAYMASTER.

A Paymaster for the whole Corps, with Assistants to be attached to each of the separate Battalions, to be appointed by the Prince of Orange, but subject to the In-llruftions, Regulations, and Restrictions of the War Office, of which Copies are annexed.

XXIX.

His Strtnt Nights fslb Hertditarj tb Proprietor.

The Hereditary Prince'of Orange, with the Approbation of his Serene Highness the Stadtholder, to be.considered as Proprietor of the Whole of the Corps, and to enjoy Six Hundred Pounds for each Battalion of One Thousand Men, or Three Thousand Pounds pqr Annum for the present Corps.

XXX.

Colonel Commandant of Battalion of One Thousand Men.

To each Battalion of One Thousand Men shall be appointed a Colonel Commandant, whose Pay shall be made up Five Hundred Pounds per , without any further Emoluments: These Colonels Commandants, when with their Regiments, to be considered only as a Major General in the British Service not on the Staff, visiting his Regiment, and of course will not exercise a General Command over the other Corps, without receiving a special Power for that Purpose.

XXXI.

TheCHASSEURS.

The Yagers, although stated at Six Companies, are not to be considered as a Regiment, until their Numbers are increased so as to form Ten Companies of the Strength specified in the annexed Plan, at wfiich Time a Colonel Commandant may be recommended, with the proper Number of Officers.

XXXII.

The Costditions on raising a Sixth Battalion.

These Corps being completed to the Numbers specified, and the Hereditary Prince of Orange (after efta-

blishing,

40 Geo. III.

25" J

.jot

bli firing, to the SatLsfaction of Government-, the Means Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, fbrre-of keeping them complete in effective Numbers present ducing the Duties upon Spirits distilled from Melasses of with the Corps) finding it possible to raise an additional Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, and for other Pur-Battalion of Dutchmen, or of Persons having been in the poles, as relates to the Duties on Wort or Wash brewed

Service of the United Provinces, or Men born in the or made from Melasses or Sugar; without any Amend-

Hereditary States of his Serene Highness the Stadt-holder, such Corps shall be considered as a Battalion as soon as it shall be completed to the Numbers of Six Hundred approved Men, and the Hereditary Prince of Orange shall enjoy all the Advantages of any other Bat- Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for permitting

ment: And also, Tr_

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act E»ft In<K» to remove Doubts arising from the Construction of an Good‘B,u Act, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present

talion already formed; but the Colonel Commandant, the Second Major, the Four additional Captains, and a Proportion of Subaltern Officers, are not to be appointed until the Corps is completed to One Thousand Men,

XXXIII.

UNIFORM.

The Dutch Troops will be allowed to wear Blue Uniforms, and the Officers to wear the Eng/j/h Sash with the old Dutch Sword Knot.

XXXIV.

BOUNTY fir the Men at prtfeat in Germany,

The Prince of Orange will be allowed for the Men at present in Germany who shall be accepted and approved of, a Subsistence of Five Pence per Diem and Eight Pounds per Man to bring them to with the

certain Goods imported from the East Indies to be " warehoused, and for repealing the Duties now payable thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bedford Lent for better draining ana preserving the Lands and Grounds ®if *

in the Fourth District of the North Level, Part of the Bill; ae Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, lb far as relates to the said Fourth District , without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Waste Lands, in the Manor of Worthen, and the Manors or

Worthen In closure and

Drainage Bill *

Addition of Two Pounds Ten Shillings to provide them Townships of Aston Pigot and Aston Rogers, in the Parish

xt — /r- — ----- ----- r — J A- — ir of , in the County of Salop, and for draining *

and otherwise improving certain inclosed Lands adjoin-

with the Necessaries referred to in Article V.

XXXV.

REJECTED MEN.

For each Man now in the of who shall not

be accepted for the King's Service, the Hereditary Prince of Orange shall be allowed Subsistence, until such rejected Man be sent back to the Continent, or otherwise provided for. These rejected Men to be sent back at the Expence of Government, or an Allowance for each Man to be paid in lieu thereof; which being paid, the Government to be subject to no further Charges.

XXXVI.

CADETS.

ing or near a certain Rivulet or Brook called The commencing at or near a certain Piece of Water called Marton Pool, on the Confines of the Parish of Chirhury, and extending through the said Parish of Worthen, to a Bridge across the said River, called Horse Bridge, on the Confines of the Parish of Westb in the said County and sundry Streams or Brooks emptying themselves thereinto; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for exchanging, allotting, improving, and inclosing, certain Open and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Parish of Huntspill, in the County of and for

Hdntfpill In closure Bill, with Amend-dents.

The Cadets at present in Germany, or at the Isle of dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, a certain Wight, to be provided for, by being appointed, for the Open and Commonable Pasture, called Stert Common, present, One of the Five Serjeants attached to each Com- f,tUate }n the parish of Huntspill aforesaid, and in the

Larit Message referred to Committee on Public Records

pany, with an Addition of One Shilling Diem to the present Pay of Serjeant. It is to be understood that hereafter no Cadets are to be appointed.

(Signed) William Frederic,

Hereditary Prince of Orange.

January 18, 1800.

Approved.

By His Majesty's Command,

(Signed) Grenville.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom His Majesty's said most Gracious Message is referred.

Ordered, That so much of the Message from the Lords to this House, upon Wednesday last, as relates to the Records and Papers in the Custody of the Clerk of the Parliaments, be referred to the Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the Public Records of this Kingdom.

The Lords have agreed to

Bill to allow tfaeUfeof Sugar in braving Beer.

Sugar, Sec.

Distilkry Bill.

Parishes of Canmngton, Stockland Bristol, and Stogurfey, in the said County of Somerset; with some Amendments $ to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House i And also.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That the Lords, having under their Consideration a Bill, intituled, "An Act for the Union of Great Britain and ,"and taking Notice that an Exemplification under the Great Seal of Ireland, of an Act, passed in the present Session of the Parliament of Ireland, intituled, An Act to regulate the Mode by which the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, to serve in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, on the Part of Ireland, shall be summoned and " returned to the said Parliament," had been laid before this House, do request that this House will be pleased to communicate the same to their Lordships. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That, the said Exemplification be communicated to the Lords, as desired by their Lordships.

And the Messengers were again called m, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith and the said Ex-A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. amplification was delivered to them, to be communicated

The Lords desire the Lish Act of Election may be Communicated to theili *

Messengers to carry the fame.

Pofkam:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to allow, for Nine Months after the passing of the Act, the Use of Sugar in the brewing of Bceri without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to revive and continue, until the First Day of July One thousand Eight hundred and One, such Part of an Vot. 55.

to the Lords.

And then the Messengers again withdrew *

An ingrossed Bill for altering and amending an Act, Southampton made in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, (< An Act for making and maintaining pu&d.

* a Navigable Canal from the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, to the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, with a Collateral Branch to

8 Q Northern,

Scamp Ditties Bill, pilled.

Bill to repeal perfumery Duties, parted.

Waite Faper (ill, passed.

Hops Bill, deterred.

Scotch Dif. tillcry Bill, jeported.

7<52 25°

" Northam, within the Liberties of the Town of South *

" ampton," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for altering and amending an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town and County of the "Town of Southampton, to the City of Sarum, in

" the County of Wilts, with a Collateral Branch to Northam, within the Liberties of the Town of - amp ton.' *

Ordered, That Mr. tiufiey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to amend several Laws relating to the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that, the Title be, An Act to amend several Laws relating to the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for repealing the Duties on Perfumery, and on Licences for vending the fame, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing the Duties on Perfumery, and on Licences for vending the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to exempt from Duty, Waste Paper imported into this Kingdom for the Purpose of being re-manufactured, except the Duty imposed by an Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported'and exported, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to exempt from Duty, Waste Paper imported into this Kingdom for the Purpose of being re-manufactured, except the Duty imposed by an Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent Frauds in the buying and selling " of Hops," and for the better Collection of the Duty on. Hops, and to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Trade of Hops, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the Duties of Excise on Distilleries in Scot *

Junii. A. 1800.

land, and on the Exportation of Spirits

from England to Scotland, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for altering, amending, and continuing, certain Acts of Parliament for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland, was committed the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he, read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, Direct- , ing the Manner of keeping the Account of the Duties.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon tire Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mir. Popham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to authorize Bakers and other Persons to sell Bread to His Majesty's Forces on their, March which shall not have been baked Twenty-four Hours; to indemnify all Persons by whom such Bread may have been so fold; and authorizing Magistrates to weigh Bread at any Time within Forty-eight Hours after the baking thereof; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to discharge from a disputed and dormant Claim of the , Public, federal Estates belonging to the Right honourable William Carr, Earl of Enroll, Lord High Constable of Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of William Carr, Earl of Enroll, Lord High Constable of Scotland, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Tax upon inhabited Houses in the several extra-parochial Places within the Bills of Mortality, and the Parishes of Pancras and Saint Mary le Bone, distinguishing each such extra-parochial Place, and the particular Amount in each, for the Year ending the 5th April 1800.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committed of the whole House, to whom the Bill for better Preservation of Timber in the New Forest, in the County of Southampton, and for ascertaining the Boundaries of

the

The Lords have agreed tm

Bakers Indemnity Bill, with Amendments

Committee on Earl of Erroll's Bill.

Report referred.

Account of House Tax in extra-parochial Places, ordered.

New Forest Bill, deferred.

fcorefts bame Bill, presented.

Committee on

Militia Subaltern! Bill *

Committee on Governors In-dcmiry Bill *

Committee oil Deeds and Wills Re friction Bill.

40 Geo. III.

25" J

703

the said Forest, and of the Lands of the Crown within the same was committed, be now read. '

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Further Confederation upon Friday Morning nexti

Mr. Attorney General presented to the Hdufe, according to Order, a Bill for the better Preservation of the Game in His Majesty's Forests: And the same was received; apd read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next;

Ordered, That the Order of the Day; for the'House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making Allowances, in Certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace be how read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons ailing as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to restrain all Trusts and Directions in Deeds or Wills whereby the Profits or Produce of Real or Personal Estate shall be accumulated, and the beneficial Enjoyment thereof postponed beyond the Time therein limited.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Pri 2; 1.

Pr.

Personil Estates whereby the Pro-' fits and Produce thereof are di-redledr to be accumulated, and the beneficial Enjoyment thereof is postponed, should be made fub jedl to the restrictions herein after contained."

3' I Leave out " in all Cases where any4' ai^ and insert " no."

Leave out from any" to " so," in 1. 10, and insert " Real dr Personal " Property."

Leave out from " the" to be," in 1. i4, and insert " Rents, Issues, Profits, or Produce thereof, shall." Leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " Twenty," in Pr. 3. 1. 8, and insert " for any longer Term " than the Life or Lives of any such " Grantor or Grantors, Settler or " Settlers, or the Term of."

After " Grantor" insert " Settler." Leave out " only."

1. 11.

1. 15

1. 9.

1. 11.

At the End of the Bill, add " and in every same where"

ic

it

any Accumulation shall be directed otherwise than as aforesaid,. such Direction shall be null and " void, and the Rents, KTues, Profits, and Produce of such Property so directed to be accumulated, " shall, so long as the same shall be> " directed to be accumulated contrary to the Provisions of this Act, " go to, and be received by such " Person or Persons as would have " been entitled thereto if such Accumulation had n'ot been direct-« ed."

And also add Clause (A.)

Clause (A.) " Provided always, and be it Enacted, \That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to anyProvision for Payment of Debts of any " Grantor, Settler, or Devisor, or " other Person or Persons, or to any " Provision for railing Portions for any Child or Children of any. Grantor, Settler, or Devisor, or any Child or Children of any Person taking any Interest under any such Conveyance, Settlement, or Devise, or to any Direction touching the Produce of Timber or Wood upon any Lands or Tenements, but that all such Provisions and Directions shall and may be made and given, as if this " Act had not passed."

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Report be taken into further Con-

te

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they sideration upon this Day Sevennight;

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were read; and arc as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 1. Leave out from "Whereas" to "May," ' in 1. 36, and insert " it is expedient " that all Dispositions of Real or

Vol. 55.

An Amendment was proposeci to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " Sevennight" in order to insert the Words " Three Months" instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That fudh a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to

Ways and Means, de-fctred.

Supply, deferred.

Report of Bill to incorporate the Floor Company of London, further oonikki'cd.

House

adjourned *

Mufton, Sec, Drainage Bill, reported, and re-committed.

704 a50 — a6° — ^7° Junii. A. 1800 *

to consider further 6f Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning

next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read}

The House proceeded to take into further Gonsideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to incorporate certain Persons by the Name of " The London Company for the Manufacture of Flour, Meal, and Bread," was committed.

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called

in.

And the said Report was again read.

And the several Petitions against the Bill were also read.

And One of the Counsel for the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereto subscribed, Owners and Occupiers of Mills, Millers, Mealmen, and others concerned in the Flout Trade, was heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the said Petition.

And then the Counsel for and against the Bill were directed to withdraw'.

Ordered \That the further Hearing of Cpunfel upon the said Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jdvis, 26° Junii;

Anno 40 Georgii III. U Regis, 1800. Prayers.

THE House met, and being counted by Mr.

Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were not present; yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr. Speaker took the Chair; and, having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris^ 27 die Junii;

Anno 40 Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1800. Prayers.

MR. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for draining, embanking, and preserving certain Tracts of Low Lands, within the several Parishes, Townships, or Places of Muftou, Flot-manby, West Flotmanby, Folk tort, Staxton, Witter by,

Binnington, Gant on, Potter Bro, Sher burn, East lerton, West Hejlerton, Yeddingham, Knapton,

Scampfton, Rillington, Scagg/ethorpeSetteringtonand Nor-

ton, in the East Riding of the County of York, and within the several Parishes, Townships, or Places, ,of Old Malton, Pickering, Thornton, Allerfton, Ebberjion, -

8

dingham - Abbey, Snainton, Brompton,

Hutton Bushell, West Ay ton, East Ay ton,

ton, Lebberftone, Grifthorpe, Hackness, and in the

North Riding of the said County, was committed -, and to Whom the Petition of Sir Richard Bempde,

Baronet; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, Whose Names are thereunder subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the Townships, Parishes, or Places, of Old Malton, Pickering, Thornton,

Ebberjion, and Yeddiitghatn Abbey, in the North Riding of the County eft York, and in the several Townships, Parishes, or Places of Norton, Settrington, Scagglethorpe, Rillington, Scampfton, Winteringham, Knapton, and kam, in the East Riding of the said County; and also, the Petition of the Person there-undersigned, being an Owner of Lands in the Township of , in the

East Riding of the County of York r and also, the Petition of the Person there-undersigned, as Guardian to George O/baldefton, Esquire, an Infant, the Owner of Estates in the several Parishes, Townships, or places of Allerfton, Ebberjion, Snainton, Wykeham, Hutton , West Ayton, and Scalby, in the North Riding of the County of York; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the Townships, Parishes, or Places of Mttfton, East Flotmanby, West Flotmanby, Folkton, Flixton, Staxton, Wilier by, Binnington, Gan-

ton. Potter Brompton, Slier burn, East and

Hejlerton, in the East Riding of the said County of York, and in the several Townships, Parishes, or Places, of Snainton, Brompton, Rufton, Wykeham, Hutton Busheil, Wft Ayton, East Ayton, Orton, , Cayton,

Grifthorpe, Hackness, Ever ley, and Scalby, in the North Riding of the same County were severally referred; That the Committee hadv heard Counsel in Support of the said Petitions; and had examined the Allegation of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of 7 5 Acres, who refused to lign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of 95 Acres, who could not be met with; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Drainage consists of 6,000 Acres, or thereabouts); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open apd Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Walle and Down Ground, within the Parish or Township of Spar-sholt, in the County of Berks, and within the Hamlet of Westcote, in the same Parish and County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Wade and Down Ground, within the Parish or Township of in

the County of Berks, and within the Hamlet'of Westcote, in the same Parish and County.

Ordered, That Mr. Metcalfe, of Abingdon, do carry the fcill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Gascoyne reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for establishing a new Church or Chapel, lately erected on the South Side of Hunter Street, within the Town and Parish of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of

Lane qfler,

Sparfholt Inclosure Bill palfed.

Liverpool nevr Church, Sec Bill, reported *

Homcastle Navigation Bill, psUied.

Keighley Road Bill, passed.

40 Geo. III.

270 Juna,

Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place"; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed - Bill for enabling the Homcastle Navigation Company to raise.a further Sum of Money to complete the said Navigation, and for amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Navigation, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling the Homcastle Navigation Company to raile a further Sum of Money to complete the said Navigation, and for amending an Act, pafl'ed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Navigation.

Ordered, That Mr. Ellison do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term; and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made for repairing, amending, and widening the Road from in the West Riding of the County of , to Kirkby in KendaL, in the County of West morland, so far as the same relate to that Part of the said Road which lies within the Counties of Westmorland and , was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

To leave out " Three Shillings," and insert " One Shilling and Nine " Pence" instead thereof.

To leave out " Two Shillings," and insert " One Shilling and Three " Pence" instead thereof.

To leave out " and Eight Pence." To leave out from the Second " of" to " Pence," in 1. 21, and insert " Nine" instead thereof.

To leave out " Nine" and insert " Five" instead thereof.

To leave out " Two" and insert " Three Half" instead thereof. To leave out " Ten," and insert " Six" instead thereof.

To leave out " Five" and insert " Three" instead thereof.

To leave out from " of" to " Pence," in 1. n, and insert " One Shilling . " and Six" instead thereof.

To leave out " Two Shillings" and insert "One Shilling and.Two " Pence" instead thereof.

To leave out from " of" to the End of the Line, and insert " Nine" instead thereof.

To leave out " and Six Pence."

In the Interlineation to leave out " One Shilling and Two" and insert " Nine" instead thereof, and to leave out " Nine" and in-' lert " Five" instead thereof.

To leave out from " of" tp " Pence," in Pr. 7. 1. 1, and insert " One

Pr. 7. 1. 3.

of.

705

Shilling and Six" instead there-

insert

insert

Pr. 5. 1. 13.

1. 15.

1. 18. 1. 20.

24.

1. 28. 1. 30. 1- 34 Pr. 6. . 1. 10.

!3-

1. 16.

1. 26. 1. 28.

To leave out " Two Shillings" and insert " One Shilling and Two " J?ence" instead thereof.

1. 6. To leave out from " of" to the End . of the Line, and insert " Ten"

instead thereof.

1. 14. To leave out " Two Shillings" and insert " One Shilling and Two " Pence" instead theaeof.

1. 17. To leave out from " of" to the End of the Line, and insert " Ten" instead thereof.

1. 20. To leave out " One Shilling" and . insert vSix Pence" instead there-

" of." '

1. 23. To leave out " Four" and " Two" instead thereof.

I.30. To leave out " Six" and " Three" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments wei‘e, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill waa amended at the Table accordingly,.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And- that the Title be. An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed for repairing, amending, and widening, the Road from Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Kirkby in in the County of Westmorland,' so far as the same relate to that

Part of -the said Road which lies within the Counties of Westmorland and Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowther do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deflre their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-, ing next, proceed further upon the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for amending an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread.

Mr, Douglas presented to the House, according to Or- Quarantine der, a Bill for erecting a Lazarette on Chetney Hill, in f Prclei1ted *

the County of Kent, and for reducing into One Ad the Laws relating to Quarantine, and for making further Provision therein; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Bread Assize Bill, deferred *

1. ult.

VOL. 55.

Mr. Savile reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the several Manors or Townships of Hunmanby and for don, in the Parish of Hunmanby, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making Compensation in lieu' of Tythe, arising in, over, or upon the fame, and in, over, and upon certain ancient inclosed Lands in the same Town-thips, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfa<ftion of the Committee (except. the Proprietors of 14 Acres of Land and 8 Common Rights, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of 70 Acres and One Perch of Land, who were neuter; and that the Whole of the Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure consists of 1,310 Acres, 2 Roods, and 14 Perches, and

8 R v 138 Cottage

Hunmanbvt &c. Inclciure Bill, reported *

Bill to incur porate tkt rlour Company of London, deferred.

Earlof ErrolTt BdJ, reported.

Ifoijfc of Com-rrv^rn Office *

Bill, deterred.

The Lords have agreed to

Nritral Ships Bill.

Linfred Cakes, c. Bill.

Corn Importation Bill.

Bank Build. «»gs Bill.

J?«IJ< r«vnrter

K ^Jiis iiiil.

706 11° Junit. 1800.

138 Cottage Rights; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-graded.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, proceed further in the Hearing of Counsel upon further considering the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to incorporate certain Persons by the Name of " The London Company u for the Maaura&urc of Flour, Meal, and Bread, ' was committed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to discharge from a disputed and dormant Claim of the Public several Effaces belonging to the Right honourable William Earl of Etroll, Lord High Constable of Scotland, was committed, be now received.

Mr. Douglas accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place 1 and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for establishing certain Regulations in the Offices of the House of Commons.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Popham and Mr. Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the First Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and Four, several Acts relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for permitting the free Importation of Linseed Cakes and Rape Cakes in Neutral Ships; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for further continuing and amending an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and permit the Importation, of Com, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision without Payment of Duty; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to empower the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to purchase certain Houses and Ground contiguous to the Bank of England, and to enable them to improve certain Avenues adjacerst thereto; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing fi r Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End o! the then next Session of Parliament, the 9

Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House, in the Town of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, and several other Roads therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Hundred House, in the County of and also several

other Roads therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Sir George Pigot, Baronet, Margaret and Frances Pigot, to dispose of a Diamond by a Lottery; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands in the Parish of in the County of

Flint, and in the Parish of Nannetch, in the Counties of Flint and Denbigh; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Motion being made, That the ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable and Waste Lands, within the' Manor or Tything of Chirton, otherwise in

the County of Wilts, be now read the Third Time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consentj as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Rejohted, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor or Tything of Chirton, otherwise Cherrington, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Buxton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out anew Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Saint Germans, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of the Honourable William Eliot, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Journeymen and Workmen, residing in the Town of Derby and the immediate Neighbourhood thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen; arid Setting forth, That by the said Statute, directly or indirectly to attempt to prevail on any Journeyman or Workman to quit the Service in which he is employed, is declared illegal, the Breach of a private Contract, in refilling to work when hired, is transformed into a criminal Offence, and in these and other Instances Acts of the most equivocal Nature are made criminal by Words of the most vague and indeterminate Construction, and are rendered punishable, at the absolute Discretion of Magistrates, by Fine and Imprisonment, without the Intervention of a Jury, and without the Possibility of

removing

Hundred House Road Bill.

Pigot's Lottery Bui with

Amendments.

Yfceifing, fcc. Inclosure Bill with Amendments.

King's Consent to Chirtou Inclosure Bill.

Bill passed.

St. German'^ Writ.

Petition of Journeymen, &c. of Derby.

40 6eo. III.

Act to prevent Combinations ot Workmen, to be con-fcJerctl.

petitions, rt» j ferred.

Lords Amend menta to Baker's Indemnity Bill, agreed tew

Account of 7«dgs Wheat, km-pormd^ar *

Motion for Account of Wheat. P *

o

aj jumi.

7°7

removing the Proceedings by Certiorari; and that, if the for His Majesty's Service, from toe iftof January 1781 fai'd Law should cpntinue in Force, it will be dangerous to the present Time, distinguishing the Quantity of each for the Petitioners to converse with each other, and, as Year, and distinguishing the British from the Foreign

it will substitute Distrust and Jealously in the Place of Wheat so purchased;

confidential Intercourse, it will thereby have a Tendency It passed in the Negative, to injure or destroy the Trades and Manufactures it pro-

fesses to protea: And therefore praying. That the said A Motion was made, and the Question being put. Act may be repealed, or that the House will give such That this House be called over upon this Day Fortnight,

Relief in the Premises, to the Petitioners as may seem thejtithDay of July next 1

meet.

The House was moved. That the said Act might be read.

And the same being read accordingly j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

Ordered, That the several Petitions which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament from

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the Ycm, j 7-

TeUer.forrheNoes,^^^- So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve the Journeymen, Workmen, and others, complaining itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take in-of the ProvUtOM of the fedddi beieferred to the said to Confederation His Majesty's most Gracious Meftage

Commute.

The House proceeded to taka into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to authorize Bakers and other Persons to sell Bread to His Majesty's Forces on their March which shall not have been baked Twenty-fear Hours; to indemnify all Persons by whom such Bread may have been

of Wednesday last.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. William took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chur.

Mr. reported from the Committee,

so fold; and authorizing Magistrates to weigh Bread at That they had made a Progrefc in the Matter to them any Time within Forty-eight Hours after the baking referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to

thereof.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followed; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 26. Leave out from' " flayed" to the End of the BUI.

In the Title of the Bill,

1. 5. After Houn" insert "and. *

1. 7. Leave out from " fold" to the End of the Title.

The said Amendments being fevetally read a Second Time; were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Long do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordfeips.

Ordered, Thai there belaid before this House, an Account of Foreign Wheat imported into the Port of London from the ift January 1781 to the present Time, distinguiseing the Imports of each Year.

Morion for the House to be called

N.

Committor King's Mef-sage respecting Dutch ShipsA

&C«

move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

That this House will, this Day, after the House shall have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of His Majesty's said most Gracious Meftage.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

A Paper referred to in the Fifth Article of the Dutch Capitulation: Andalfo,

Establishment of a Company of Artillery of 34 Rank and File: And also,

Establishment of a Battalion of Infantry of 8o©Rank and File: And also.

Establishment of a Company of Pioneers of la© Rank and File: And also,

Establishment of a Battalion of Chafleuts of 800 Rank and File: And also,

Establishment of a Regiment of Infantry, consisting of 1,000 Rank and File, referred to in the 31st Article of A Motion was made, and the Questton being put, the Dutch Capitulation.

That there be hud before this House, an Account of all And the Titles of the said Papers were read, the Wheat bought on the Corn Exchange of London» The said Papers are as followeth; viz.

Ftperi rau

ISt *

PAPER referred to in the Fifth Article of the Dutch Capitulation.

LIST of Necefiaries to be formfeed by the Recruit out of the Allowance of £.2, 10

1 Pack, or Knapfeck.

2 Gbod Shirts.

2 Pair of Shoes.

2 Pair of Stockings, or Socks,

2 Pair of Gaiters.

1 Stock.

Brushes, Black-ball, and Combs. Turnfcrew, Worm, and Picker, 1 Forage Cap.

Vol. j5« ESTABLISHMENT

708

27 Junu.

A. 1800.

E S T A B LI SHMENT of a Company of Artillery, of Thirty-four Rank and File.

I Lieutenant - . - -

I Ensign ' - -

3 Sergeants, each 1 s. 6 Id.. - - - -3 Corporals, each 1 s: 2 {d.'' . - - - - .:

1 Drummer -31 Privates, each 1 s. - - .

Allowance of is. per Diem to the Lieutenant and Ensign

Daily Pay. ‘ for 365 Days.

L ‘s. d. — 4 8 - 3 8 . 4 8! -« 3 ~ 1 K g " d. '85 '3 ‘ 4 66 18' 4'

85 io'ii'i 65 — 3! . " ' ?o 18 ii tX ' v. - i?| «, T ?6 10 — v v. 4v. °t: i .;„r; /'

7~. 7TZZctij.vd/lo nt,77^ 4,:';5«>

SUM TOTAL.

£: s.

‘ 152 1 ' 8

- A

) i-

'a"

f 'i > /

925 l6 Ij

>; g '; »Tt :"T

: tr' *

, % t ‘ J ' t / 1 / ' V

ESTABLISHMENT of a Battalion of Infantry, of Eight Hundred Rank and File.

1 Lieutenant Colonel -

2 Majors, each 14 s. i d.- - - -

to Captains, each gs. 5 . - - - '

22 Lieutenant^, each 4 s.8

> 8 Enfigus, each 3J. id.- -

I Adjutant '' - -

1, Quarter Mailer -

1 Chaplain- - -

.. 1 Surgeon -

‘ 2 Assistant Surgeons, each $s. - -

7 x' Sefjearft Major ' -- 1 Quarter Mailer Serjeant

1 Paymaster Serjeant -

"50 Serjeants, each 1 s. 6 { d.

50 Corporals, each i s.2 I d. 20 Drummers, each 1 s. 1 id, - -

2 Fifers, each is. 1 id. - -

750 Privates, each is. - -

Allowances to Lieutenants, Ensigns, Adjutant, Quarter Mailer, each j s. per Diem -Allowance to 100 Cadets, being Serjeants, at 1 s. Diem each ——

and 7 perl

j ----- f j ~ ---

D' for Portage, Stationary, and Guard Rooms

Daily say. For 365 Days. SOM'TOTAL.

r. if. £ s‘ d' £. s. d.

— 15 11 290 9 7

182 5H' — 1°

4 14 2 1,718 10 10

528 1 873 13 4

i94 ' 535 6 /

— 4 — 73 I

— 48 85 3 4'

— 6 3 IJ4 1 3 , . *

~ 9 5 171 17 1

IQ — . 182 JO, — . ' 5>558 12 11

— 2 — 1 37 12' 9F ' V

— 2 — i 3 7 12 9I I 4

— 1 6} 28 10 3I

3 18 if . ,1 4 25 15 7i

2 19 4 ' 1,083 11 to f

1 2 11 418 4 7

— 2 3f 41 i(5 5

37 10 — 13,687 10 — -

1 18 —: 692 10 —

5 1,825 9.279 4 5 *

24.837 17 4

num I 565

36.

I- 25,438 17 4f

ESTABLISHMENT

40 Geo. III.

27 Jutuu

7°9

£STABLISHMENT of a Company of Pioneers of One Hundred and Twenty Rank and File.

Daily Pay. For 365 Days,

£> s' d. ' £. s. d.

~ 9 5 171 17 1

— 4 8 85 3 4

— 3 8 66 18 4

— 9 4t 171 I IOj

— 7 if 130 6 10-f

— i ii 20 18 21

5 14 — 2,080 10 —

— 2 — \ 36 10 —

t Captain 1 Lieutenant 1 Ensign

6 Serjeants, each 1 s. 6| d.-

6 Corporals, each is. 2 id.

1 Drummer -

114 Privates, each is. - -

Allowance of 1 s.per Dim to the Lieutenant and Ensign

Allowance to the Captain

SUM TOTAL.

S.

323 18 9

a,439 6 nf

2,763 5 8f 56 10 —

2,819 15 8f

ESTABLISHMENT of a Battalion of Chasseurs, of Eight Hundred Rank and File.

Daily Pay. For 365 Days.

d. c of d.

— 5 11 290 9 7

I 8 2 '5 4 — 10

4 H 2 1,718 10 10

5 2 8 1,873 13 4

1 9 4 535 6 8

— 4 — 73 — —

/ 4 8 85 3 4

— 6 3 114 1 3

9 5 171 17 1

—— 10 182 10 —

— 2 — i 37 12 9l

2 — i 37 12 9i

— 1 6i 28 IO 3i

3 18 if 1,425 5 7i

2 19 4i 1,083 ti iof

1 2 11 418 4 7

— - 2 3f 41 16 s *

37 10 — 13,687 10

1 18 — 693 10 —

5 — — 1,825 — —

- A - A A £- m

1 Lieutenant Colonel ——

2 Majors, each 14 s.id.

10 Captains, each as. $d.

22 Lieutenants, each 41. id.

8 Ensigns, each 3 j. id. - -

1 Adjutant ——

1 Quarter Matter ——

1 Chaplain -

1 Surgeon ——

2 Assistant Surgeons, each 5 -

1 Serjeant Major ——

1 Quarter Matter Serjeant -

1 Paymaster Serjeant -

50 Serjeants, each 1 s. 6 id.

50 Corporals, each is. 2 \d. -20 Drummers, each is. 1 \d.

2 Fifers, each is. 1 id. - -

750 Privates, each is. -

Allowances to Lieutenants, Ensigns, Adjutant, and 7 Quarter Matter, each 1 s. per Dim - - -}

Allowances to 100 Cadets, being Serjeants, at 1

Dim each ----- - -j

D° - for Pottage, Stationary, and Guard Rooms -

SUM TOTAL.

S. d.

5,558 It

,9»z79 4

24,837 7 4f

S6S ——

36 ——

25,438 7 4

VOL. 55.

8 $ ESTABUSHMENT

710 ^7 % Juni j$o$#

ESTABLISHMENT of a Regimeat of Infantry, confiding of One Thousand Rank and File: Referred to

in the Thirty-first Article of the Dutch Capitulation.

_II -l - — - -j_ ' - - ~ A — . m

I Colonel and Captain.

I Lieutenant Colonel and Captain, i - D - without a Company.

I Major and Captain, i D - without a Company.

7 Captains, with Companies.

&2 Lieutenants.

8 Ensigns.

I Adjutant.

t Quarter Mailer.

1 Chaplain.

1 Surgeon.

2 Surgeon's Mates, i Serjeant Major.

i Quarter Mader Serjeant.

1 Paymader Serjeant.

50 Serjeants.

50 Corporals, ao Drummers.

2 Fifers.

950 Privates.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom His Majesty's said most Gracious Message is referred.

Committee on A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-petition for posed, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning ff London,&c. next> resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, deferred. ' to consider of the Petition of the Persons, whose Names are there-under signed, being Members of a Committee appointed by the Subscribers to a Fund for the Relief of the indudrious Inhabitants of the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and the adjacent Parishes, from the Didress occasioned by the high Price of the Necefiaries of Life;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Tuesday Morning next," and inserting the Words " this Day Two Months" indead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words "

* day Morning next" dand Part of the Question j It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Quediaai being put; -

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Persons, whose Names are there-under signed, being Members of a Committee appointed by the Subscribers to a Fund for the Relief of the indudrious Inhabitants of the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and the adjacent Parishes, from the Didress occasioned by the high Price of the Necefiaries of Life.

House resolve Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the to adjourn u> House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

India Govern- Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of deterred.1 whole House, to whom the Bill for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the British Territories in India, and the better Administration of Juf-4»ce within the same, was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Hop Bill, Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-tkferred. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal an Act:, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent Frauds in the buying " and felling of Hops," and for the better Collection of the Duty on Hops, and to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Trade of Hops.

Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrofi ed) for repealing Scotch DifUl-the Duties of Excise on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for altering, amending, and continuing, certain Acts of Parliament for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland, be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing the Duties of Excise on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of -

made Spirits from England to Scotland, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for altering, amending, and continuing, certain Acts of Parliament for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Douglas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Militia Sul , whole House, to whom the Bill for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Governor s . the whole House, to whom the Bill for indemnifying ®,u»

Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting e as such, in the West India lfiands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Their Majes-Reading of the Bill concerning the Disposition of certain Real and Personal Property of His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, and also of the Real and Personal

Property

4o Geo. IIL

o *

27 ,/«»«;

London Carts Bill, put off fcr 3 Months.

, . Property of Her Majesty, &nd of the Queen Consort for the Time being;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report 'which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for extending the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Eighteenth and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to prevent the Misbehaviour of the Drivers of Carts in the Streets in Lon, Westminster, and the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Three Months;

Committee oc Bill.

reported.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the r Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to relieve, " upon Conditions, and under Restrictions, the Persons " therein described, from certain Penalties and Disabilities to which Papists, or Persons professing the " Popish Religion, are by Law subject."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sturgis took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sturgesreported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Sturges accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

New Forest BUI, deterred.

Foitfts Game Bill, com-

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for better Preservation of Timber in the New Forejf, in the County of Southampton, and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands of the Crown within the same, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

A Bill for the better Preservation of the Game in His Majesty's Forests, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

711

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whble House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order made this Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; to consider further of His Majesty's most Gracious Message of Wednesday last, being read;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ldng reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, When the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose have Leave to make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Eight of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; to Consider of the Duties payable on Foreign Hops imported into this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose hive Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 'House, to consider of permitting Salt to be used. Duty free, for a Time to be limited, in preserving Fish, taken in the North Sea, for the Supply of the Home Mar< kets.

Mr. Secretary at War reported from the Committee; who were were appointed to prepare ah Estimate of the Expence of providing a Royal Military Asylum for the Reception of the Children of Soldiers, That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly; and.

The said Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

ESTI MAT E of the Expence of providing a Royal Military Asylum for the Reception of the Chik dren of Soldiers.

For the Purchase of certain Premises at Chelsea, for a Royal Military Asylum -For additional Buildings, Furniture, &c.

s.

4,652 — 9

20,347 19 3

25,000 ——

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

"Ways and Means, dc? fared.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House W>U» upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

VOL. 55.

Lurue

Supply, dc« ferred.

Committee on King's Mef-lage, respecting Dutch Ships.

Duties on Foreign Hops, to be cone-dcred.

Salt used in North Sea Fiftiery, tp ba considered.

Estimate of Asylum fori Children of Soldiers, reported t

7 2

Luna, 300 Junii j

Anno 40 Georgii IIItH Regis, 1800.

P . AYERS.

Duke of Rich- "IV ^TR. Steele reported from the Committee, to whom mond't Estate the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled. An

od Act for enabling the most noble Charles Duke of Richmond, and the Duke of Richmond for the Time being, to charge with Jpintures the Annuity of Nineteen Thousand Pounds (payable out of the Consolidated Fund, in lieu of the Coal Duty granted by King Charles the Second to Charles First Duke of Richmond and the Heirs of his Body) and the Stocks on Transfer of which the said Annuity is made redeemable, and for enabling the Sale of Part of the said Stocks, and investing the Money arising from any such Sale in the Purchase of Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, and for other Purposes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Steele do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Lordt Amend- The House proceeded to take into Consideration the pTot'tLot Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, »ery°BMi,° An Act to enable Sir George Pigot, Baronet, Margaret agreed to Fisher, and Frances Pigot, to dispose of a Diamond by a Lottery.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 6. 1. 34. After "appoint" insert " by and with " the Approbation of the Court of " Chancery."

~ In the Title of the Bill,

1. ult. After the First " a" insert " certain," and in the same Line, after " Diamond" insert " therein mention- ed."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Lord Granville Leveson Gower do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Petition of A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Jo — , thereunto subscribed, being Journeymen and Workmen, tingham. residing in the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, and the immediate Neighbourhood thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen; and Setting forth. That, by the said Statute, directly or indirectly to attempt to prevail on any Journeyman or Workman to quit the Service in which he is employed, is declared illegal, the Breach of a Private Contraft in refuting to work when hired, is transformed into a criminal Offence, and in these and other Instances Acts of the moll equivocal Nature are made criminal by. Words of the most vague and indeterminate Construction, and are rendered punishable, at the absolute Discretion of Magistrates, by Fine and imprisonment, without the Intervention of a Jury, and without the Possibility of removing the Proceedings by Certiorari; and that, if the said Law should continue in force, it will be dangerous for the Petition-

3 0° Junii. _ A. 1800.

ers to converse with each other, and, as it will substitute Distrust and Jealously in the place of confidential Intercourse, it will have a Tendency to injure or destroy the Trades and Manufactures it profeffcs to protest And therefore praying. That the said Act may be repealed, or that the House will give such Relief in the Premises to the Petitioners as may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, td whom it is referred to consider of the said Act.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lords Amm). Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open iuXXi, and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea- 8^ " dows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Connington, in the County of Cambridge.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr, 17. I.18. Leave out from "therefrom" to "and" j in Pr. 18. 1. 21.

jfo 57. 1. 3. Leave out from "elsewhere" to "and" in 1. 12.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Yorke do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart reported from the Committee, Reponfoa who were appointed to enquire into the State of the British Herring Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means Fisheries. for their Improvement and Extension, and to report the fame, from Time to Time, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; and who were instructed to consider of the most effectual Means of procuring a plentiful Supply of Fish, during the present High Price of Provisions, and also to consider of the most effectual Means of supplying London with Fish; That the Committee had proceeded further to enquire into the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whble House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, xefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 12th Day of May last, was made from the said Select Committee, be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Report which was this Day made from the said Select Committee, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

The House being informed that Mr. from the A«ounts, fc.

Directors of the East India Company) attended at the Q0®aftnInil" Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to p, Sl the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° x. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and OriJJa, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Poll Office Collections,

Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Police Taxes, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, and Stamp Duties, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Eftitnate of the fame: And also,

N°2.

4o Geo. III. 30° 3

N° 2. An Account of the Annu.il Charges defrayed by the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Labor, and OriJJa, and in Benares and Oude; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, and the Charges of the Stamp Office, for Three Years, {recording to the latest Advices; together with the latest ElVimate of the fame: And all'o,

N° 3. A Companion of the estimated and actual Amount of the Revenues of the India Company, in t he Provinces of Bengal, B ihar, and Or if a, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Pod Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Police Taxes, Customs, the Receipts frorp the Sales of Salt and Opium, and the Stamp Duties, for the Year 1798-9; and of the Charges defrayed by the said Company in the said Provinces, and in Benares and Oude; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine, and the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications; of collecting the Revenues and Customs, the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, and the Charges of the Stamp Office, for the same Year: And also,

N° 4. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the Left India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in ‘ The Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs, Subsidies from the Nabob of Arcot, from the Rajah of Tanjore,&c. and Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, lor Three Years, according to the Jatcft Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the lame: And also,

N° 5. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in The Carnatic and Northern Circars; distinguilli-ing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, Buildings, and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

' N° 6. A Comparison of the estimated and actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in The Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs, Subfi-tlics from the Nabob of Arcot, Rajah of , &c.

Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, for the Year 179S-9, and of the Charges defrayed for the same Year by the said Company in the said Presidency and Settlements and in The Carnatic and Northern Circars; distinguishing the same respectively under the several Heads of Civil, Military, Buildings, and Fortifications, and collecting the Pvevenues and Customs: And also,

7. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of , and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, Customs, Farms, and Licences, &c. for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N° 8. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company, at the Presidency of,

and the Settlements subordinate thereto; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings, and Fortifications, and the Chargcsof collecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N° 9. A Comparison of the estimated and actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements lubordi-Vot.. 55.

funii. 713

nate thereto, under the Pleads of Lind Revenues, Customs, Farms and Licences, See. for the Year 1798-9; and of the Charges defrayed for the same Year by the said Company in the said Presidency and Settlements; distinguilliing the same respectively, under the several Heads of Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings, and Fortifications, and collecting the Revenues and Customs: And also,

N° 10. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company, for the Management of their Trade and Commerce in Bengal, at Madras, and at Bombay, so far as the same can be distinguished from the Civil or other Charges respectively, for Three Years, ( according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N° 10. (A.) An Account of the Expences of the Residency of Fort Marlborough, and its Dependencies, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N° 10. (B.) Amount of the Expences of the Island of Saint Helena, and the FaClory of Canton, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices: And all'o,

N°n. Abftiad Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Bengal Government, from the lft May 1799 to the 30th April 1800: And also,

N° 12. Abstract Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Madras Government, from the 1 ft May 1799 to the 30th April 1800: And all'o,

N° 13. Abstract Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Bombay Government, from the 1 ft May 1799 to the 30th 1800: And also,

N° 14. A General Abstract of the Estimates of the Revenues and Charges of the Presidencies of IVII-

liam, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, from ift 1799

to 30th April 1800: And also,

N° 15. An Account of the Amount received at the several Presidencies ot Fort l-Viliiam, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, for Sales of Import Goods and Stores, and for Certificates on the Court of Directors, Within the last Three Years respectively, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N° 16. Amount of the Bond and other Debts owing by the East India Company, at their several Presidencies in the East Indies, on the 30th April 1799, the Rates of Interest which such Debts respectively carry, and the Annual Amount of such Interest: And also,

N° 17. An Account of the Amount of Debts subscribed in India, between 30th April 1798 and ill May 1799, agreeable to the Court's Orders of 25th June 1793: And also,

N° 18. Abstract Statement of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Bengal Government, from the ift 1798 to the 30th April 1799: And all'o,

N° 19. Abstract Statement of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Madras Government, from ift May 1798 to 30th April 1799: And also,

N° 20. Abstract Statement of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Bombay Government, from the ift May 1798 to the 30th April 1799: And also,

N® 21. An Account of the Balance of Quick Stock, exhibiting a State of the Company's Affairs, in respect to the Debts and Affi-ts, as they stood at the several Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint and Bom-

bay, and at the Residency of Fort Marlborough and Factory at Canton, at the Conclusion of the Year 1798-9: And also,

N' 22. An Account of the Prime Cost of all Cargoes purchased in India, and shipped for Europe, in the Year 1798-9; together with the Commercial Charges, at each Presidency, not added to the Invoice.

Together with a List of the said Accounts and Papers. And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

8 T,

7^4 30 0 Juvit.A. 1800.

Ordered That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts and Papers be printed, as shall be diffident for the Use of the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts and Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Arcour.t, &c. Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Ac-

to be piiatcJ. count and Paper which were presented to the House by Mr. Oiven, upon the 24th Day of April lad, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Royil A (Tent A Message by Sir Francis il lolyneux, Gentleman Usher

of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Afifent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, -His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord HighChan-cellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to de dare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Earl Kerr, and the Earl Spencer, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followed; viz.

An Act to remove Doubts arising from the Construe-tion of an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for permining certain Goods imported from the East Indies " to be warehoused, and for repealing the Duties now " payable thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu " thereof:"

An Act to allow, for Nine Months after the passing of the Act, the Use of Sugar in the brewing of Beer:

An Act to revive, and continue until the First Day of July One thousand Eight hundred and One, such Part of an Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, for reducing the Duties upon Spirits distilled from Me lasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, and for other Purposes; as relates to the Duties on Wort or Wash brewed or made from Melaftes or Sugar:

An Act for further continuing and amending an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and permit the Importation, of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision without Payment of Duty: An Act for permitting the free Importation of Linked Cakes and Rape Cakes in Neutral Ships:

An Act to continue, until the First Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and Four, several Acts re-, lating to the Ad million of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the iiluing of Orders in Council for that Purpose:

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Second Year of King James the First, as prohibits the Use of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes; and for better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the flaying thereof:

An Act for repealing Part of the Duties and Drawbacks of Customs on Kid Skins imported, and the Exemption of imported Kid Skins from Excise Duty 0:1 being d re lied in Great Britain:

An Act toleflen the Duties on Wine and Spirits, the Produce of the British Settlement of The Cape of Good Hope, and to empower the Importers to land the-lame before Payment of the Duties of Excise, and to lodge the same in Warehouses, and to allow the same to be shipped, free of Duty, as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages:

An Act for extending the Royalty of the City of Glasgozv over certain adjacent Lands; for paving, lighting, and cleansing the Streets, for regulating the Police, and appointing Officers and Watchmen; for dividing the City into Wards, and appointing Commissioners; and for raising Funds, and giving certain Powers to the Magistrates and Council, and Town and Dean of Guild Courts, for the above and other Purposes:

An Act to empower the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to purchase certain Houses and Ground contiguous to the Bank of England, and to enable them to improve certain Avenues adjacent thereto:

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, Two Acts, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for draining and prelcrving certain Fen Lands ^ind Low Grounds in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, between the Cam, otherwise Grant, Ouse, and Mildenhall Rivers, and bounded on the South East by the Hard Lands ot Isle/iam, Fordham, Soham, and IVicken; and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands within the said Limits, commonly called Invefed Lands-, and for laying certain Rates on Vessels navigated upon the said Rivers, towards supporting the Banks thereof:

'An Act for better draining and preserving the Lands and Grounds in the Fourth Distrustof the North Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level; and for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to the said Fourth Districe:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Waste Lands in the Manor of Worthen, and the Manors or Townships of Afion Pigot and Aston Rogers, in the Parish of Worthen, in the County of Salop; and for draining, and otherwise improving, certain inclosed Lands, adjoining, or near, a certain Rivulet or Brook, called The Rea, commencing at, or near, a certain Piece of Water called Marten Poo!, on the Confines of the Parish of Ckirbury, and extending through the said Parish of Worthen, to a Bridge across the said River called Horse Bridge, on the Confines of the Panin of IVefcbury, in the said County, and sundry Streams or Brooks emptying the mldvcs thereinto:

An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House, in the Town of KidJcnninf er, in the County of Worcester, and several other Roads therein mentioned:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much

00

of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgozv, as relates to the Road from Park house, to, or near, The Three Mile House, in the County of Lanark:

An Act for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from

40 Geo. III. 30 Junii.715

from The Hundred House, in the County of and

also several other Roads therein mentioned r

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His pre-lent Majesty, for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road from a certain Bridge, over a Brook or Stream called Sudbrock, near the City of to the Nine

Mile Stone on the Bristol Road, at or near a Place called The Clay Pits, in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Gloucester to the Town of Stroud, in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates, devised by the Will of Sir Patrick Blake, Baronet, deceased, situate and being in the Counties of Middlesex and Suffolk, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Incumbrances affecting the same Estates, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, and for laying out the Surplus of the Purchase Money in other Estates, upon the Trusts and for the Purposes therein expressed:

An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Sir Richard Elotham, Knight, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Incumbrances, and for laying cut the Surplus Monies in other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses:

An Act for Sale of certain Estates in the Parishes of Clay pole, Great Ponton, and Kirton, in the County of Lincoln, deviled by the Will of the Reverend William Rafail, Doctor in Divinity, and for laying out the Money arising by Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned:

An Act for enabling the Tenants for Life, under the Will of the late William Wright, Esquire, to convey in Fee, or grant Leases for long Terms of Years, for the Purpose of Building, of Part of the Estates devised by the said Will, in the Counties Palatine of Chefer and Lane after:

An Act to enable the Trustees therein named, to repair the new Bridge over the River Avon, from the City of Bath, to the Manor of Bailiwick, and to raise a sufficient Sum for that Purpose, by a Charge on the Trust Estates of the late General Pulteney, or to apply in that Manner certain Sums which may be payable to the said Trust Estates from the Company of Proprietors of the Kennel and Avon Canal Navigation:

An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to fell such Part or Parts of the en^ tailed Estate of Blairhall and others, in the Counties of Fife and Perth, belonging to Mistress Ann Ranaldson Dick-Jon, Wife of James Ranald son Diekj'vn, of Blairhall, Esquire, as shall be iuilicient for Payment of the Debts and Provisions to Younger Children affecting the fame:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Pa-rillies of Exton and Cottefnore with Barrozv, in the County of Rutland, and for extinguishing the Tythes in those Parishes:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Heath Lands, and Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Cafjington, in the County of Oxford, and in the Hamlet of Worton, otherwise Work!on, within the said Parish:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of South Hykeham, in the County of Lincoln, and for making Compensation to the Rector of South Hyke-ham aforesaid, in lieu of the Tythes of all the Tytheable Lands within the same Parish:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Guilden Morden, in the County of Cambridge:

VOL. 55.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, and a Traci of Heath Land, within the Parish of Enfiam, in the County of Oxford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Holywell with Needingworth, in the County of Huntingdon:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Half Year or Shack Lands, Warrens, Commons, Heaths, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Horsford, Horsham Saint Faitk\s, and Hamlet of Nezvton Saint Fait/Ps, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of E/jworth, in the County of Cambridge:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of hgburclnvorth, in the Parish of Penifone, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for confirming and establishing the Division and Inclosure of a certain Common, or Parcel of Waste Land, called Session Forest, otherwise The Long For eft, within the Town ships of Session, Bache, and Norton, in the Parish of Culmington, in the County of Salop, and certain Exchanges of Lands and Estates within the said Parish:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Wyfully in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Common Fields and Waste Lands, within, or adjoining, the Parish of Saint Mary, in Stafford, in the County of Stafford:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadow, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Ordfall, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for naturalizing Alexander John Gafpard Marcet.

The House, according to Order, proceeded further Bread Assize upon the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill' for amend- BilI> ljaircd# ing an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, For authorizing the weighing of Bread at any Time within Forty-eight Hours after the baking thereof, and inflicting the Penalties specified in the former Acts for Deficiency in Weight.

And the said Clause was brought up, and Twice read, with Blanks. '

And it being proposed to fill the said Blanks with certain pecuniary Penalties;

RefAved, That the said Clause be committed.

ReJ'olvedy That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this Floufe will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Douglas accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed

him

T 4i lof E: roll 5 Bill, passed.

Committee on Sil( tiled in North Sea Fnhery.

India Govtrn-moit Bill, recommitted.

Committee on Duties on Foreign Hops.

liim to report to the House; and he read the Report in h;s Place; and afterwards delivered the Ciaule, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Twice read; and, upon the Question severaliy put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A..d the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon th.e Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Re/'dyed, That the Billdopafs: And that the Title be. An Act for amending several Acts for regulating the Price and Assize ot Bread.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Yorke do carry' the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered \That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) to discharge from a disputed and dormanuClaitn of the Public, several Estates belonging to the Right honourable William Carr Earl of Erroll, Lord High Constable of Scotland, be now

read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Rejoked, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to discharge from a disputed and dormant Claim of the Public, several Estates belonging to the Right honourable William Carr Earl of Erroll, Lord High Constable of Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. William Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve ittcIf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of permitting Salt to be used. Duty free, for a Time to be limited, in preserving Fish taken in the North Sea for the Supply of the Home Markets, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Long reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day', for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the Ter-

ritories in India, and the better Administration of Justice within the lame, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are neccftary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Rejclved, That the said Bill be rc-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day', for the Houfi to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider of the Duties payable on Foreign Hops im ported into this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

4

M;. Lo: reported from the Commit Uc, That they had come lo several Resolurions; which they had directed him to report, when th.e Home w:l! pkafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Mermng.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the several Duties " of Customs and Excile, and granting other Duties in " lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together " with the other Duties composing the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain " Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or " Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French " King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain " unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for " the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction " of the National Debt," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly; ,

Resolved, That this House will, To morrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act, as permitted the Importation of French Wines in Bottles or Flasks from the Islands of GuernJ'cy, Jersey, or Alderney.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent Frauds in the buying and selling " of Hops," and for the better Collection of the Duty on Hops, and to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Trade of Hops, be now read.

And the laid Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rose took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the Flouie will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Alorning.

A Me Cage from the Lords, by Air. Holford and Air. Graves:

Air. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland; without any Amendment.

And then the Alcflengers withdrew.

Ordered, KevinsContradicente, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating Trials for High Treason and Alifprifion of High Treason, in certain Cafes, and for the lafe Custody of Inlane Persons charged with Offences: And that Air. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. Secretary at War, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, " An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Picrrcponttook the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pierrepout reported from the Committee, That

he was directed by the Committee to make a Alotion; when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered,

M

refyefting French Wine , to be conh. dc red.

j

Committee 01 Hops ttilL

The Lord have agreed to

Union Bill.

Treason Bill, ordered.

Committee on A£i to prevent Combinations of Workmen.

Imported.

Bill ordered.

Return of Suo-fidirs remaining due to Russia, pre-icmed.

Dutch Ships, &c. Bill, ordered.

Treason Bill, preluiud.

Their Majesties Property Bill, deferred *

Naval Stores Bill, ordered.

40 Geo. III. 30° Junii.

717

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. I'nrre, out accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a B!ll to explain and amend the said Act.

And Mr. Pierrepoutmoved the House accordingly.

Ordered, Thai Leave be given to bring in a. Bill to explain and amend the said A,rt: And that Mr.

pout, Mr. GaJloyne, General TMr. the Lord

Mayor of London, and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the lame.

A Bill for erecting a Lazarrette on Chetney in the Quarantine

County of Kent, and for reducing into one Act the Laws relating to Quarantine, and for making further Provision therein, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Long presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " Return to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 9th Day of " June 1800, for an Account of the Sums remaining " due, and unprovided for by Parliament, for Subsidks " granted to His Majesty the Emperor of all the RufJins, as the same flood on the 5th of January i8co."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Long, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of His Majesty's moll Gracious Message of Wednesday last. That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to authorize His Majesty to grant Commissions to Natives of the Seven United Provinces, or of the Hereditary States of the Prince of Orange, to serve on board certain Dutch Ships of War surrendered to His Majesty's Fleet, and in Regiments in the Pay of His Majesty; and to enable any such Natives to enlist as Soldiers in such Regiments, under certain Recti iclions.

And Mr. Long moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to authoii/.e His Majesty to grunt Commissions to Natives of the Seven United Provinces, or of the Hereditary States

of the Prince of Orange, to serve on board certain Dutch Ships of War surrendered to His Majesty's Fleet, and in Regiments in the Pay of His Majesty; and to enable any such Natives to enlist as Soldiers in such Regiments, under certain restrictions: And that Mr. Long, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for regulating Trials for High Treason, and Misprision of High Treason, in certain Cafes, and for the safe Custody of Insane Persons charged with Offences: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill concerning the Disposition of certain Real and Personal Property of His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, and also of the Real and Personal Property of Her Majesty, and of the Queen Consort for the Time being, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better preventing the Embezzlement of His Majesty's Naval, Ordnance, and Victualling Stores: And that Mr. Perceval, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Sir Andrew Snape llamond, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

VOL. 55.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Governors in-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for B i1'

indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons adtingas such, in the West India Hands, who have peimitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms, was committed, the Amendments which ti e Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Militia Subal-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then fca Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The House was moved, That the Third of the Refo- Committeeap-lutions which, upon the 7th Day of May last, were re- Aaa'uflnclo-ported from the Committee of the whole House, to fuie. whom it was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Select Committee who were appointed to consider of the most effectual Means of facilitating, under the Authority of Parliament, the Inclosure and Improvement of the Waste, Uninclosed, and Unproductive Lands, Commons, Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, and Common of Pasture, in this Kingdom, and which were agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth;

" Resolved, That, for the same Purpose, it may be " expedient that a General Law should be passed,

" comprizing all such Provisions as by Experience have " been found necessary in most Bills of Inclosure; to " which all such Bills in future might refer."

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine what Clauses are usually contained in Acts of Inclosure, and to report to the House such of them as it may appear fit to comprize in one Act:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Bragge, Mr.

Hobhou/e, Mr. Buxton, Sir William Pulteney, Mr. Cooke,

Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp, Mr. Blackburne of Lanca-

8 U Jhirt,

718

3 o ° Junii. — i ° Julii.

A. 1800.

Co'innittff on Foieits Game Bill.

reported.

f ire Mr. Charles Yorkt, Sir Henry Paultt St. John Mild-may, Mr. Hawkins Browne, and all the Knights for Shires, and Gentlemen of the Long Robe, in the House: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Preservation of the Game in His Majesty's Forests, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Tabie: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Two Months.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient lor the Use of the Members of the House.

Recoil of Pa piiU Bill, further con fiddled.

Report cn New Put at Bill, further conii-ticieJ.

Ordered, That the Order of she Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirty-ftfft Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to relieve, upon Conditions, and under Restrictions, the Persons therein described, from certain " Penalties and Disabilities to which Papists, or Persons " professing the VopifhReligion, are by Law subject," was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said-Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-g lolled.

abling the Commissioners to alienate small Parcels of Land belonging to His Majesty.

nd the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

For allowing Exchanges of intermixed Lands of small Extent belonging to the Crown.

And the said Clause was brought up, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. BUI, re-com.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a n"tted-Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Way»an<t to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, j'' to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will, upon IVe Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, teired-to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon IVedmfhiy Morning next, resolve it fell into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for establishing certain Regulations in the Offices of the House of Commons, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

House of Commons Of. fices Bill, deferred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for better Preservation of Timber in The New Forejl, in the County of Southampton, and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Fordl, and of the Lands of the Crown within the lame, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was oft'ered to be added to the Bill, For en-

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of County hord Counsel upon the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to incorporate certain Per- Fiowc'cmi'a-fons by the Name of " The London Company for the nyofLonJun.

" Manufacture of Flour, Meal, and Bread," was committed.

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the Counsel for the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereto subscribed. Owners and Occupiers of Mills, Millers, Mealmen, and others concerned in the Flour Trade, examined another Witness in Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, and went through their Evidence.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, i0 die;

Anno 40° Georgii IIP" Regis, i Soo.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclos- HunmanW, ing, the several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Ind°''Jj *

"Commons, Commonable Lands, and Wide Grounds, within the several Manors or Town ships of

and

40 Geo. III.

10 Julii.

719

and For don, in the Parish of Hunmanby, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making Compensation in lieu of Tythe, arising in, over, or upon the lame, and in, over, and upon certain ancient inclosed Lands in the same Townships, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 57. I.15. To leave out from " Grounds ' to " over" in 1. 17.

1. 37. To leave out from " Grounds" to " over" in 1. 39.

Pr. 61. 1. 3. After " Interests" to insert " in respect of their said several Messuages or Cottages, Common " Rights, or Rights of Common."

1. 5. After " allotted" to insert " in the said Townflvp of 1. 18. To leave out " Situation" and insert " Condition" instead thereof.

Pr. 84. I.37. To leave out " by Deed."

1. 37. 1 After " Purchas'er" to insert " by and > " Deed or Surrender, according to 38. J " the Tenure of the Estate or Interest in respect whereof such " Allotment shall be made."

Pr. 92. 1. 10. To leave out the Second " and, " and after " inrolling" insert " and " printing."

Pr. 93. I.24. To leave out from " thereof" to " to" in 1. 25.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the several Manors or Townships of Hunmanby and for don, in the Parish of Hunmanby, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making Compensation in lieu of Tythe, arising in, over, or upon the fame, and in, over, and upon certain ancient inclosed Lands in the same Townships.

Ordered, That Mr. Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Dii.ien's CUa. Mr. John Pit! reported from the Committee, to whom rity Bill, re- the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for passed.'anJ the Sale of The George Inn, in the Town of Northampton, verted in Trufloes for Charitable Purposes under the Will of Jehu Driden, Esquire, dcccaf'cd, and for investing the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase

J> O

of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, until a proper Purchase can be found, and in the mean Time for applying the Dividends and Annual Produce thereof for the same Charitable Purposes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the Houl'c, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Part of Order The House was moved, That the Petition of John for Brouquens Bertrand de Boubee de Bof Queen Anne Street East, charged! ' the Parish of Saint Mary le Bon, in the County of

Middlesex, Esquire, on Behalf of himself and of Joseph Charles Leon de Boubee de Brouquens, and of John Vital de Boubee de B> ouIns infant Sons, which was

Vo-L. 55.

presented to the House upon the 6th Day of March lart, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Order for bringing in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That so much of the said Order as relates to the said John Bertrand de Boubee de Brouquens, and the said Joseph Charles Leon de Boubee de Brouquens, be discharged.

Mr. HenniketMajor reported from the Committee, Marquis of

to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the reined! and Most honourable Arthur Marquis of Doivnshire in the p^i. Kingdom of Ireland, and Earl of in the

Kingdom of England, in Trustees, tube fold, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, and for other Purposes, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. HennikerMajor do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Ho/ford and Mr. The LcM Graves: have P-uleJ

Mr. Speaker,

The Louis have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Micheli' Nat. for naturalizing Francis Julius M to which the Bill Lords derae the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time. Bill read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for establishing a new Church or Li verpool new Chapel lately erected on the South Side of Hunter Street, within the Town and Parish of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 19. I.39. After "Chapel" to insert " during " the Three first Presentations " thereto."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed toby the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for establishing a new Church or Chapel lately erected on the South Side of Hunter Street, within the Town and Parish of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Gascoyne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lonls Amend Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, .

..... J 7 7 Whitchurch

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open incioiure Bill and Common Fields, Common or Commonable Mea- aS'teJ,°-dows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Whitchunh, in the County of Oxford.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr-3°. 1.330

and > Leave out " Township or Place."

34-J _ .

Pr. 61.

720

Pr.61. 1. 9. After " thereof" insert " except " Thirty-eight Acres, Part thereof, " lying neared to, or most convenient for Occupation, with the " Rectory House."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir William Heathcote do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Lord Amend- The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Yicnrto° See -Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Jnciofure'BiJlj An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com-igreedto. mons and Waste Lands in the Parish of Yfceifing, in the County of Flint, and in the Parish of in the

Counties of Flint and Denbigh.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 9. 1. 12. Leave out from " to be" to " the" in Line r, of the Interlineation in Line 13. and insert " delivered to or left " at the lad or usual Place of " Abode of."

1.13. After " to" insert " be delivered to " or left at the lad or usual Place " of Abode of."

1. 28. In the Interlineation, leave out " font " to" and insert " so delivered to " or left at the House of," and also in the lad Line of the said Interlineation, leave out from " or" to " the said" in Line 30, of the same Press.

I.31. After " general" insert " in Manner " aforesaid."

Pr. u. 1. ult. Leave out from " Corporate" to " shall" in Press 12, line 9.

Pr. 17. 1. 4. After " following" insert " such Determination."

1.29. After " by" insert " any of."

1.30. Leave out " Commissioner" and in-

fort " Parties."

1.31. Leave'out "his Hand" and insert

" their Hands and Seals."

Pr. 20. 1.35. Leave out from " proper" to the End of the Claufo.

Pr. 28. 1. ult. Leave out from " and" to " such" in Press 29, Line 1. and insert " as " soon as."

Pr. 47 1 *

and

Julii.

A. 1800.

Leave out from " satisfied" to the End of the Claufo.

Pr. 62. 1.17. Leave out from " Uses" to " and" in Line 31.

I.37. Leave out the first " or" and insert " and, " and in the same Line leave out from " had" to " any" in Press 63, Line 10. and insert " in Person " made such Acceptance."

Pr. 63. 1. 29. After " Allotment" insert " Provided the Bishop of the Diocese " for the Time being shall signify " his Consent thereto, under his " Hand and Seal, and."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir William Heathcote do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

House of Com- Ordered \That the Order of the Day, for the House

mom office to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

B.l).

upon the Bill for establishing certain Regulations in the Offices of the House of Commons, be no w read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Net Produce of Account the Fees and Emoluments of the Clerk attending the House of Commons, for the lati Ten Years, distinguish-ingeach Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Net Produce of the Fees and Emoluments of the Clerk Affifhint attending the House of Commons, for the Ju.fl Ten Years, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Net Produce of the Fees and Emoluments of the Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Commons, for the last Ten Years, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charles 1 'orke took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charles Yorke reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made feverni Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House imiia Oov«rn-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, '"f" ®'11 to consider further of the Bill for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the Territories

in India, and the better Administration of Justice within the same, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Long presented to the House, according to Order, Dutch S'-ip . a Bill to authorize His Majesty to grant Commissions to Natives of the Seven United Provinces, or of the Hereditary States of the Prince of Orange, to serve on board certain Dutch Ships of War surrendered to His Majesty's Fleet, and in Regiments in the Pay of His Majesty; and to enable any such Natives to eniill as Soldiers in such Regiments, under certain Restrictions: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Trcnfon Bill, Reading of the Bill for regulating Trials for High co"‘"-aieU. Treason, and Misprision of High Treason, in certain Cafes, and for the safe Custody of Insane Persons charged with Offences, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- Instru&i-sn to mittee, That they have Power to turn the said Bill into turn 1"c Ii,li Two Bills, if they think fit.

into Two.

Mr. Long, according to Order, reported from the Com- Report of mittee of the whole House, to whom it w'as referred to |)"|i0JIo consider of the Duties payable on Foreign Hops im- 1

ported into this Kingdom, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

keportrefyeA-Salt uled in North Sel Fishery *

Naval Store Bill, prei'ented.

Apprentlce-ship Bill, or-«lcied.

Committee on Petition for Relief to Poor of London, &c.

reported.

40 Geo. III. i° Julii.

721

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that the Duties now payable on Foreign Hops, imported into this Kingdom, do cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged upon every Pound Weight, Avoirdupois, of Foreign Hops, imported into this Kingdom, a Duty of Customs of One Penny and Twelve-twentieth Parts of a Farthing.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, Tint a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Long, Mr. , and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Long, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of permitting Salt to be used, Duty free, for a Time to be limited, in preserving Fish, taken in the North Sen, for the Supply of the Home Markets, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that Salt be permitted to be used. Duty free, for the Purpose of preserving Fish, taken in the North Sen, for the Supply of the Markets.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Long, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Perceval presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better preventing the Embezzlement of His Majesty's Naval, Ordnance, and Victualling Stores: And the same was received i and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursdny Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to render valid Indentures of Apprenticeship of poor Children and others made upon improper Stamps, upon certain Conditions, and to indemnify all Persons who may have incurred Penalties thereby: And that Mr. Perceval and Mr. Nicholas Vansittart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Persons, whose Names are there-undersigned, being Members of a Committee appointed by the Subscribers to a Fund for the Relief of the industrious Inhabitants of the Cities of London and the

Borough of Southwark, and the adjacent Parishes, from the Distress occasioned by the high Price of the Necefla-ries of Life.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will plcale to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for authorizing an additional Rate to be made within the Bills of Mortality, and the Parishes of Saint and

Saint Mary le Bon, for the Relief of indigent Persons, for a Time to be limited.

Vol. 55.

And Mr. Bragge moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bill ordered, authorizing an additional Rate to be made within the Bills of Mortality, and the Parishes of Saint Pnttcras and Saint Mary le Bon, for the Relief of indigent Persons, for a Time to be limited: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Main-waring, Mr. Buxton, Mr. Devaynes, and Mr. Hawkins Browne, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee on Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Re- Herring Kiih-port which was Yesterday made from the Committee, y ep° ‘ who were appointed to enquire into the State of the British Herring Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their Improvement and Extension, and to report the lame, from Time to Time, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; and who were instructed to consider of the most effectual Means of procuring a plentiful Supply of Fish, during the present high Price of Provisions, and also to consider of the most effectual Means of supplying London with Fish.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Perceval took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Perceval reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose, according to Order, reported from the Com- Hops Bin, mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal rePorttd an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent " Frauds in the buying and selling of Hops," and for the better Collection of the Duty on Hops, and to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Trade of Hops, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee on a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much renting of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise,

" and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties " composing the Public Revenue; for permitting the " Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchan- .

" dize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European " Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom;

" and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining " in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on " Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt," as permitted the Importation of French Wines in Bottles or Flasks from the Islands of Guernsey, for fey, or Alderney.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

S X Ordered,

p,i iiu b;:',

dJcued.

Their Mujcf-t f > Pi t)o ty l>il, tlLitricd.

Committee on N w ioreit,

»< Ajmn;it:cd

hill.

Governors Indemnity Bill, plied.

Militia Subrtl-V-i r,s> Bill, passed.

Cour.fcl heard cn Bid to incorporate the I lour Company ot Lon-4o:i.

O O

722 I — 2

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirty-full Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to relieve, upon Conditions, and under Restrictions, the Persons therein described, from certain " Penalties and Disabilities to which Papists, or Persons profefhng the Popish Religion, are by Law subject," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Tl'.c Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill concerning the Disposition of certain Real and Personal Property of His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, and also of the Real and Personal Property of Her Majesty, and of the Queen Consort for the Time being;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

upon Tku jJ.'.y Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve. itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for better Preservation of Timber in The New Fcrcft, in the county of,

and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands of the Crown within the same, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Bill snow ingrossed) for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Govertiors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Hlands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Refoldedi That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Elands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Rcjohed, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be. An Act for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peaces

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of Coun-fel upon the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to incorporate certain Persons by the Name of iC The London Company for the Manufacture of Flour, Meal, and Bread," was committed.

And the Counted for and against: the Bill were called

in.

And the CoanfJ for the Petition of the Mader, Wardens, and A (Till arts, of the Company of Bakers of the City of London, and of the several other Persons whose Names arc thereunto lubscribed, cn Behalf of themselves and

Julii. . 1800.

others, Bakers within the Cities of London and V/eflnire.fier, the Borough of Southwark, and Dills of Mortality, and within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange; and also, for the Petition of the Mailer Bakers of the City of I Fife minster, and Liberties thereof, ami others, on Behalf of themselves and others, Bakers within the said City and Liberties, was heard, and examined a Witness in Support of the said Petitions, and went through his Evidence.

And the Counsel for the Bill was also heard.

Anri then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Confederation of the said Report be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Minutes of Evidence, taken upon the further Consideration ac said Report, be printed, as shall be fuhkient for Uie of the Members of the House.

And then the House, having continued to fit till Half an Hour after Twelve of the Clock on Wednesday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2° die 'Julii;

Anno 40° Georgii IIItli Regis, 1800.

RAYERS.

THE House being informed that Mr. (from Account of

the Office of His Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department) attended at the Door; he was Debt, present-called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pur- ed suant to their Order,

Accounts of the Number of Persons imprisoned for Debt in Civil Actions, in the several Gaols within the Bills of Mortality; distinguishing how many of such Persons are so confined in Execution, and how many upon Mcfne Procd's; viz.King's , Newgate,

Poultry Compter, Ludgate, and the Compter adjoining,

MarshalJ'ea, and Surrey County Gaol.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers'of this Ssllion.

Ordered, That Mr. E/forddo make the P.cport from BnW$ the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the ^ponea. and Lords, intituled, An Act to give to Trustees Powers of parted. ' Sale, Exchange, and Partition, over such of the Shares of Estates comprized in the Marriage Settlement of IVII-liam Barbor, Esquire, as are situate in the County of So-

me/jet, and to lay out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Estates, to be situate in the County of Devon, and to give a Power of changing and appointing new Trustees of the Estates so to be sold, was committed.

Mr. Elford accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed the Btii to be' reported to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered \ the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

B-eJo/ved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. E/ford do carry the Bill to the.

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr.

40 Geo. III. 2° Julii. 723

Cotton Manu Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom Bill fqr settling Dil'putes that may arise between Matters and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture, and for the better Prevention of the Embezzlement of West, in that Part of Great Britain called ,was

committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. El ford to carry Whitchurch Inclo-fitrc Bill to 1 the Lords *

Ordered, That Mr. Fjord do carry to the Lords, the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of in the County

ot Oxford; anil acquaint them, that this House hath

agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Elfin! Ordered, That Mr. Elf or d do carry to the Lords, the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclos-<.:Jinrt Bill to ing, the Commons and Waste Lands in the Parish of the Louis. Yfccifing, in the County of and in the Parish of

Nataerch, in the Counties of and Denbigh-, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Royal Aflfent to Bills.

A MclTage from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal AJl'ent to the several Public Bills following; viz.

An Act for the Union of Great Britain and An Act to enable Sir George Bigot, Baronet, Margaret Fisher, and Frances Bigot, to dispose of a certain Diamond therein mentioned by a Lottery:

An Act for enabling the most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, and the Duke of Richmond for the Time being, to charge with Jointures the Annuity of Nineteen Thousand Pounds (payable out of the Consolidated Fund, in lieu of the Coal Duty granted by King Charles the Second to Charles first Duke of Richmond and the Heirs of his Body) and the Stocks on Transfer of which the said Annuity is made redeemable, and for enabling the Sale of Part of the said Stocks, and investing the Money arising from any such Sale in the Purchase of Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, and for other Purposes.

Lonts Amend- The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Hunupwi in- Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, ci iure Bill, An Act for exchanging, allotting, improving, and in-agreed to doling, certain Open and Commonable Arable Lands,

within the Parish of Hunin the County of and for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, a certain Open and Commonable Pasture, called Stert

mon, situate in the Parish of aforesaid, and in

the Pantiles of CanningtonStockland and

fey, in the said County of Somerset.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 26. 1. 7. Leave out the first "or" and insert " and."

Pr. 27. 1. 9. Leave out " or" and insert " and." Pr. 28. I.26. Leave out "or" and insert "and."

Pr. 44. 1. 15.

and

16.

Vol. 55,.

Leave out from " respectively" " Provided" in 1. 28.

to

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickinsdo carry the Bill. to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That Sir William do carry to the

Lords, the ingrossed Bill lor continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, parted for repairing, amending, and widening, the Road from Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, so far as the same relate to that Part of the said Road which lies within the Counties of Westmorland and Lane after, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for better Preservation of Timber in The New For eft, in the County of Southampton, and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands of the Crown within the same, was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Tomorrow Morning," and inserting the Wordsj " upon Friday Morning next" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Tomorrow Morning" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " upon Friday Morning next" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, to amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

A Motion was made, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve Ltself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of preventing Depredations on the River Thames, and in the Vicinity thereof.

Mr. Secretary Dundas (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Subject Matter of this Motion, recommends it to the Consideration of the Ploui'e.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of preventing Depredations on the River Thames, and in the Vicinity thereof.

Mr. Charles Yorke, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for establishing certain Regulations in the Offices of the House of Commons, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

Question

Sir William Lowther to carry K^ghley K aiI Bill to the l.onls.

New Forest

re-committed Bill, reported.

Depredations on the River Thames, to be considered.

House of Commons Offices Bill, reported.

Papists Bill, deterred.

fleport on Act

respectinp Fiench Wines.

India Government Bill, deterred.

Report from Committee on Herring Fishciv Report.

724 a6 Juliu . 1800.

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to relieve, upon Conditions, and under Restrictions, the Persons therein described, from certain Penalties and Disabilities to which Papists, or Persons proft'ffing the Popish Religion, are by Law subject," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the several Duties of " Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu " thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together " with the other Duties composing the Public Revenue; " for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, " Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, " into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the " Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction " of the National Debt," as permitted the Importation of French Wines in Bottles or Flasks from the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or , the Resolution

which the Committee had directed him to report to the Housewhich he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that French Wines be permitted to be imported into this Kingdom from the Hands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Alderney, in Bottles or Flask^, on Payment of the Duties charged thereon by an Act made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and by any other Act or Acts of Parliament made subsequent thereto.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. RoJ'e, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the Territories in

India, and the better Administration of Justice within the lame, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Refolded, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Perceval, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire into the State of the British Herring Fisheries, and into the most cireftual Means for their Improvement and Extension, and to report the fame, from Time to Time, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; and who were in-strufted to consider of the most effectual Means of pro-

curing a plentiful Supply of Fish, during the present high Price of Provisions, and all'o to consider of the most effectual Means of supplying London with Fish, the Resolutions, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Rcfo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to revive and continue, until the End " of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, made " in the Thirty-fifth'Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to continue and amend an Act, made in the " Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries, and to amend an Act, " made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for extending the Fisheries, and irnproving the Sea Coast of this Kingdom," should be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the additional Bounty of One Shilling per Barrel upon all Herrings, landed from any Boat not entitled to the Tonnage Bounty granted by an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, be extended to such Herrings as are caught by Persons residing in the Isle of Man.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Perceval and Mr. Nicholas -fittart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Perceval presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to render valid Indentures of Apprenticeship of poor Children and others made upon improper Stamps, upon certain Conditions, and to indemnify all Persons who may have incurred Penalties thereby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That , the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to restrain allTrufts and Directionsin Deeds or Wills whereby the Profits or Produce of Real or Personal Estate shall be accumulated, and the beneficial Enjoyment thereof postponed beyond the Time therein limited, was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider-further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Bill to authorize His Majesty to grant Commissions to Natives of the Seven United Provinces, or of the Hereditary States of the Prince of Orange, to serve on board certain Dutch Ships of War surrendered to His Majesty's Fleet, and in Regiments in the Pay of His Majesty; and to enable any such Natives to enlist as Soldiers in such Regiments, under certain Restrictions, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) to repeal an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent Frauds " in the buying and selling of Hops," and for the better Collection of the Duty on Hops, and to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Trade of Hops, be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

A Meftage

w

Apprenticelhlp Bill, presented.

Deeds and Wills Rdlric-tian Bill, deferred.

Wrtyg and Means, deterred.

Supply, deferred.

Dutch Ships, &c. Bill, de ferred.

Hops Bill, deferred.

The Lords have agreed to

Wade Paper Bill.

Bill to repeal

Perfumery

Dutie>.

Stamp Duties Bill.

Ratcliff High, way Road Bi 11.

Surrey Roads Bill.

RrreftcT Tn-clutuic Bill.

Jicolny's Nat. Bill.

‘Wiftinphnu. lew's Nat. Bill.

London Small JV-ts B 11, v\;!i :m

Amendment.

Edmonton Jothifuie Bill, with Amendments.

40 Geo. III. a0 — 30 Julii. 725

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr; Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to exempt from Duty, Wade Paper imported into this Kingdom, for the Purpose of being re-manufactured, except the Duty imposed by an Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Perfumery, and on Licences for vending the lame; without any Amendment: And also, /

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend several Laws relating to the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, ofiTwo Acts, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Wa-jesty King George the Second, and the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for opening, making, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Ratcliff llirhv;ay, through Cannon Street, in the County of Mid-d/efexy into the Road leading into the County of E()exy and also from the West End of Brook Street into Cable Street, and from Upper Shadzvell Street into the Back Lane, in the said County of Middlesex; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

__ij 7

for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Sdlion of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, palfed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Sutton, in the County of Surrey, through the Borough cf Reigate, by Sidlozv Mill, to Povey Cross, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the same County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Wafic Grounds, within the Parish of Roeefier, and in the Township of Denjiciiy within the Parishes of Rocester aforesaid, anti Alveton, in the County of Stafford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Charles Gotthold Nicolay; without afiy Amendment: And ailo.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Frederick William /Vij!high aiJen; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend, explain, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act for the recovering of Small " Debts, and for the relieving of Poor Debtors, in London" and an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the above mentioned Act, and likewise for extending the Powers of the Court of Re-quvfts in the City of Louden, in and by the said Two fc-vcral Acts continued and established; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords ddire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common, Common Fields, Common Marshes, and Waste Land, within the Parish of Edmonton, in the County of Middlesex, and for other VOL. 55.

Purposes therein mentioned; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Lands and Marshes in the Parish of lVhilford % in the County of Flinty and for fencing the said Marshes; with lbme Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 30 die Julii;

Anno 40° Georgii IIItU Regis, 1800. Prayers.

MR. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Joachim Vital de Bouaee de Broitquens, an Infant: And the same was received; and read the First: Time.

R fjivedy That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for draining, embanking, and preserving, certain Tracts of Low Lands, within the several Parishes, Tvuvnships, or Places, of Mu (ion y East Flotmanby, West Fiotmanby, Folktony Flixtony Staxton, TVillerby, Binnington, Gant oily Potter B> urnpt oily Slier burny Raft Hejlerton, West ITefurloiiy Yeddingham, Knapion, lVinteringham, Scampfiony RilPngtoiiy ScagglethorpCy Setteringtoiiy and Norton, in the East Riding of the County of Yorkr, and within the several Parishes, Townships, or Places, of Old Maltony Pickering y Thorn toiiy A Herst oily Ebberftony Yeddingham Abbey, Snainton, Rrompton RnJiouy TVykeham, Hutton Biijhelly West A\touy Ecift AytO'iy Irtoiiy Seamery Caytony LebberJloney GdijlhorpCy Hachiefsj and Scalby, in the North Riding of the said County, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read ihe Report in his Place 5 and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Partition made of the Estates of the late Humphrey Pitty Esquire, and certain Powers of Sale, mentioned in the Partition Deeds, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. IVigleyreported from the Committee,- to whorri

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Partition of divers Estates of the late Sir Humphrey

8 Y Bribes,

WhfcfoH Hr-cloUue Kill, with Amendments.

Brouquens Nat. Bill, prei'ented.

Mu ft on, Lz. Drainage > e. committed Bill, reporui.

Pitt's E.lat<? Bill, reported

and palledi

B rises's Estate Bill, reported, and passed.

726

3 Julii.

H. 180.0,

Lords Amendments to Edmonton In-cioiure Bill, agreed to *

Ldrdt Amendment to London Small Debts Bill9 agreed to.

Report on Cotton Manufacturers BtUy further confi-dtred.

Bri?res, Baronet, in which the Right honourable Richard

t t'O ' # o.

Viscount Fitzwilliam in the Kingdom of the Re-

verend Richard Huntley, and George Brooke, Esquire, have undivided Shares, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Re/clved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Wigley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common,.Common Fields, Common Marshes, and Waste Land, within the Parish of Edmonton, in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 72, 1. 5. LeAe out or other Interest."

1. ‘9. Leave out " otherwise" and insert " Surrender."

1. 32. Leave out " may have been" and insert " shall be."

1. 23.") Leave out " passing of this ACt" and and > insert " Execution of the said 24. j " Award."

1. 27. Leave out " or other Interests."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by 4he House.

Ordered, That Mr. Mellish do 'carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend, explain, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act for the recovering of " Small Debts, and for the relieving of Poor Debtors, " in London," and an Act, passed in the Fourteenth

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the above mentioned Act, and likewise for extending the Powers of the Court of Requells in the City of London, in and by the said Two several Acts continued and established.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 9. 1. 4. Leave out " to," and insert " from."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Jeffery do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for settling Disputes that may arise between Mailers and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacturc, and for the better Prevention of the Embezzlement of West, in that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were,

Account of West India Dock Company, pretented.

Account of Foreign Wheat, pro-fented.

upon the QuctUon severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bi! , with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

The House being informed- that Mr. Tyrrell (Clerk to the Directors of the West India Dock Company) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of all Monies received by, or for, the West India Dock Company, by virtue of the Act of Parliament, for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London, from the 12th Day of July 1799, the Day on which the said Act passed, up to the 24th Day of June 1800; and also of the Application of the fame.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Glover (from the Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of Foreign "Wheat imported into the Port of London from the ill January 1781 to the present Time, distinguishing the Imports of each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Section.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order,

a Bill for lufpending, for a Time tq be limited, the Duties on Foreign Hops imported, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read 3 Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the Floufe, according to Order,

a Bill for permitting French Wines to be imported into this Kingdom from the Hies of Guernsey, Jersey, or Alderney, in Bottles or Flasks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Navai stow Reading of the Bill for the better preventing the Embezzlement of His Majesty's Naval, Ordnance, and Victualling Stores, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Fioufe, upon the said Bill.

Foreign Hops Bill, preiemed.

French Wine« Bill, pRlbuad.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Apprenticcftiip Reading of the Bill to render valid Indentures of Appren- Bl11, com~

ticeship

milted.

4o Geo. III. 30 Julii.

727

tiecship of poor Children and others made upon improper Stamps, upon certain Conditions, and to indemnify all Persons who may have incurred Penalties thereby, be now read.

And the said OrdeT being read accordingly i The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. -Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Scot? A Petition of William , Esquire, of Wimpfon, in County of Southampton, was presented to the House, Bill and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for better Preserva-

tion of Timber in The New , in the County of Southampton, and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands of the Crown within the same; and Setting forth, That the said Bill materially affects his Interests, and those of divers other Persons who have Rights and Privileges in the said Forest, many of whom, the Petitioner believes, would have desired to have been heard against the said Bill had they had Knowledge of its being before the House; and that the Petitioner had no Knowledge of it till the Thirtieth Day of Jiate now last past; and that the said Bill is founded upon Fads not proved, that its Provisions are unnecessary, and many of them detrimental to individuals, and of most dangerous and alarming Consequence: And there-. foffc praying. That he may have Time granted to him to support his Petition by Witnesses, and to be heard, by himself, or Counsel, at the Bar of the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read the Third Time; and that the Petitioner be then heard, by himself, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from -the Words " Third Time" to the End of the Question.

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas ^r' )

- lellerS t0F the Yea 5 Sir Burden: >

Tellers for the Noes, ^Jr °fe' ] 6.

{ Mr. 5 J

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table

until the said Bill be read thte Third Time.

Adjourned Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming

Skcwrton adjourntd Consideration of the Report which was Billcoincor- made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to incorporate the porate certain Persons by the Name of " The London jany ofllon- " Company for the Manufacture of Flour, Meal, and don, refanxd. " Bread," was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, tvere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Company shall not make finer Bread than Standard Wheaten Bread.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, For limiting the Continuance of the Ad.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank. Vol. 55.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Blank be filled with the Word "Ten;"

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

T'Uers for the Yeas,{,) 9-

Teller, for } >

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in grossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hol/ord and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties of Excise on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of made Spirits from England to Scotland, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for altering, amending, and continuing, certain Acts of Parliament for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for extending the Powers of the Commissioners named in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and " Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of " Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, " Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year " One thousand Eight hundred, together with those " named in Two former Acts for appointing Commisfioners of the Land Tax;" for indemnifying such Persons named in the said Act as have acted as Commissioners of the Land Tax, and for rendering valid certain Acts done by them; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for altering and amending an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town and County of the Town of " ampton, to the City of New Sarum, in the County of " Wilts, with a Collateral Branch to Northam, within " the Liberties of the Town of Southampton;" without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to discharge from a disputed and dormant Claim of the Public, several Estates belonging to the Right honourable William Carr Earl of Erroll, Lord High Constable of Scotland; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending several Acts for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords defiie the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Security of Collieries and Mines, and for the better Regulation of Colliers and Miners; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill concerning the Disposition of certain

Real

The Lords bare agreed to

Scotch Distil lery BilJ.

Land Tax Commissionert Indemnify Bill.

Southampton and Salimury Canal Bill.

Earl of Er-roli's Bill.

Bread Afllit Bill, with ad Amendment *

Colliers Bill with Amend , rotnts.

Pawnbroker! Bill, with Amendments.

Their Majtf-ties Property

Bill, com milted *

Report on 1) Is ami 'Will- Reduction Bui, fnr-tkei corfidued.

Committee on

Quarantine

B;ll.

Returns of

Q^nil fications of Militia Of-tfueis, pie-icaled.

Bjibfh Fiftie-

rus lull, pie-lcnted.

728 30 Julii. A. 1800.

Real and Personal Property of His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, and also of the Real and Personal Property of Pier Majesty, and of the Queen Contort for the Time being, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to restrain all Trulls and Directions in Deeds or Wills, whereby the Profits or Produce of Real or Personal Ellate shall be accumulated, and the beneficial Enjoyment thereof pollponed beyond the Time therein limited, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That nothing in the Act contained shall extend to any Disposition of Heretable Property in Scotland.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed toby the House, to be made Part of the Bill; and is as followeth;

" Provided also, and be it Enacted, That nothing in " this Act contained shall extend to any^Disposition " respecting Heretable Property within that Part of " Great Britain called Scotland."

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for erecting a Lazarette on Chetney Hill, in the County of Kent, and for reuucing into One Act the Laws relating to Quarantine, and for making further Provision therein.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow ♦Morning.

Mr. Douglas presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

Return of the Qualifications of Deputy Lieutenants and Militia Officers, which have been transmitted to His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, since those lall presented to the House of Commons.

Together with a List of the said Return.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The laid Return is prSferved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue and amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for continuing several 5

Acts for the Encouragement of the' Fisheries:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tyne.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) lor ellabliIdling certain Regulations in the Offices of the Floule of Commons;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to relieve, upon Conditions, and under Restrictions, " the Persons therein described, from certain Penalties " and Disabilities to which Papists, or Persons professing " the Popish Religion, are by Law subject;"

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time To -morrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the British Territories in India, and the better Administration of Justice within the same; -

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill to authorize His Majesty to grant Commissions to Natives of the Seven United Provinces, or of the Hereditary States of the Prince of Orange, to lerve on board certain Dutch Ships of War surrendered to His Majesty's Fleet, and in Regiments in the Pay of His Majesty; and to enable any such Natives to enlist as, Soldiers in such Regiments, under certain restrictions, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The ingrossed Bill to repeal an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent Frauds in the buying and " felling of Hops," and for the better Collect ion of the Duty on Hops, and to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Trade of Hops, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, To settle the Time of weighing Hops.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to repeal an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent Frauds in the buying and selling " of Hops," and for the better Collection of the Duty on Hops, and to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Trade of Hops.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris,

House of Commons Offices Bill, deferred.

Papists Bill

deterred.

India Government Bill, deferred.

Dutch Ships, &c, Bill, com niitted.

Hops Bill, pa tied.

40 Geo. III. 40 Julii.

729

Vi eneris, 4. die Julii;

Anno 40° Georgii III111 Regis, 1800. Prayers.

Committee on /ORDERED, That the Order of the Day, for the enthe River House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Thuxi. House, to consider of preventing Depredations on the River Thames, and in the Vicinity thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

An Account

from the East India Company, withdrawn, and another ordered.

p re fen ted.

The House being informed that there was an Inaccuracy in N° 22of the Accounts, which were presented to the House, upon Monday last, by Mr. ,from the Directors of the East India Company;

Ordered, That the said Account be withdrawn, and another Account presented instead thereof.

The House being informed that Mr. Owen attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

N° 22. An Account of the Prime Cost of all Cargoes purchased in India, and shipped for Europe, in the Year 1798-9; together with the Commercial Charges, at each Prdidency, not added to the Invoice.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be fuffleient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Committee on

re committed India Government Bill,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the British Territories in India, and the better Administration of Justice within the same, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Hawkefbwy took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Hawkefbwy reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Report on Mr. Abbot reported from the Committee, appointed

RecordsPuW c ° enclu're ‘nto the State of the Public Records of this Kingdom, and of such other Public Instruments, Rolls, Books, and Papers, as they shall think proper; and to report to the House the Nature and Condition thereof,

together with what they shall judge fit to be done for the better Arrangement, Preservation, and more convenient Use of the lame; That the Committee had enquired into the several Matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards deliver-Vol. 55.

ed the same, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of t'.e said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ho ford and Mr. The Lord Graves: have aerecd ,0

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A<5i Neath Harbour for the Appointment and Regulation of Pilots and Hob- 11 lers for the conducting of Ships and Vessels into and out of the Port or Harbour, and River, of Neath, in the County of Glamorgan, for placing Buoys upon the Bar of Neath, and the Removal of Obstructions in the said Port or Harbour, and River; for regulating the mooring of Ships and Vessels therein, and for the Regulation of Porters within the said Port or Harbour, and River, and within the Town of Neath; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Caernarvon for taking down, and re-building upon a more enlarged Churcl Scale, the Chapel of Saint Mary, in the Town of Caernarvon; without any Amendment,

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give. Directions that there be laid before this House, a Copy or Copies of the Instructions given to the Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Fleet in the Mediterranean, for breaking the Convention which had been entered into between Sir Sydney Smith and the French General and the Commander of the Ottoman Army, for the Evacuation of Egypt.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Motion for an A'iJrtfs respecting the Evacuation of Egypt, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, s°PP13r to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, That the Report which was Estimateof made from the Committee who were appointed to pre- Asylum for pare an Estimateof the Expence of providing a Royal Soljin^re-Military Asylum for the Reception of the Children of ferred. Soldiers, be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends it to the House, to make Provision for defraying the Expence of providing a Royal Military Asylum for the Reception of the Children of Soldiers.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him \

to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

8 Z House,

730

4a Julii.

A. 18

oo.

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Committnon The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Trtaion Bill. (Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating Trials for High Treason and Misprision of High Treason, in certain Cafes, and for the safe Custody of In-fane Persons charged with Offences.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the ChaiV.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had, pursuant to the Power given them by the House, turned the said Bill into Two Bills,' and had made no other Amendments to the said Bill theyi such as were necessary for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the Report of the said Bills be received upon Monday Morning next.

Pa,.ill Bill, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

passed. Reading of the ingrossed Bill to explain, amend, and

render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to relieve, upon Conditions, and under Restrictions, the Persons therein described, from certain " Penalties and Disabilities to which Papists, or Persons " professing the Popish Religion, are by Law subj'eft," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, For allowing an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prevent any Addition to the Numbers of Persons belonging to certain Foreign Religious Orders or Communities lately settled in this Kingdom, and to regulate the Education of Youth by such Persons.

Ordered, That Mr. Stnrges do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill to amend Mr Gascoytte presented to the House, according to Workmen s Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the a"?]patented. Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen :" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

House refulves Resolved, That this Floufe will, at the Rising of the ° House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Order for The Order of the Day being read, for the Third

in^'of \l\y~ Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for better Preserva-Fcreit Bill, tion of Timber in The Forest, in the County of

read. Southampton, and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Fore ft, and of the Lands of the Crown within the same;

Petition of Mr. A Petition of William Scott, Esquire, of Wimpfon, in

S£>"vj'5iinl the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, ' and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner has a Landed Estate in the said County, and, by virtue thereof, has a valuable Right of Common in the said Forest, which would, in a great Measure, be destroyed, if the said Bill should pass into a Law; and that the Petitioner will thereby be deprived of such Right without any Equivalent or Compensation: And therefore praying to be heard, immediately, or at such Time as to the House shall seem fit, against the said Bill. .

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Ta-

ble, until the said Bill be read the Third Time; and that the Petitioner be then heard against the said Bill, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

A Petition of the most Noble Katherine Duchess Petition of tl:« Dowager of Bolton, Bail-rf of Burley, in Forest, in the County of Southampton, was also presented to the N>wVo«,t House, and read; Like wile taking Notice of the said BllJ *

Bill; and Setting forth. That His present Majesty; by Letters Patent, under His Exchequer Seal, bearing Date at Westm infer, the loth Day of June, in the Twenty-

fifth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, of His especial Grace and Favour, for the Considerations, and by the Advice therein mentioned, did, for Himself, His Heirs and Successors, give and grant unto the Right honourable James Earl of Lonsdale the Office of Bailiff of in New Forest, in the County of Southampton, and His

said Majesty did thereby make; ordain, and constitute the said Earl, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns,

Bailiff' of Burley aforesaid; to hold, exercise, and enjoy the said Office to the said Earl, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, by himself or t'hemselves, or by his or their sufficient Deputy or Deputies, from the 29th Day of March which was in the Year of our Lord 1786, for and during and unto the full End and Term of Thirty Years from thence next ensuing, and fully to be complete and ended; and His said Majesty, of His like especial Graye and Favour, did, for Himself,

His Heirs, and Successors, thereby further give and grant unto the said Earl, for the Exercise of the said Office of Bailiff of Burley aforesaid, the Yearly Wages or Fee in the said Letters Patent mentioned, and all other Wages, Fees, Rewards, Profits, Commodities, Allowances, Liberties, Privileges, Pre-eminences, Jurisdictions, and Emoluments whatsoever, to the said Office in any Manner belonging or appertaining, growing, happening, or arising, to have, enjoy, and receive, yearly and every Year, during the said Term of Thirty Years, the said Wages, Fees, and Rewards, to the said Earl, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to be paid and payable in Manner and at the Days and Times in the said Letters Patent mentioned and appointed, as in and by the said Letters Patent, Reference being the reunto had, tyill more fully appear; and that, by virtue of the said Letters Patent, the said Earl entered upon the said Office of Bailiff of Burley on the said 29th Day of March, in the Year of our Lord 1786,; and the said Earl afterwards duly assigned the fame, together with the said Letters Patent and Premises, unto the Petitioner, and the Petitioner hath ever since been, and still is, in the Possession and due Execution of the said Office, and in the Enjoyment and Receipt of the Wages, Fees, Rewards, Profits, Commodities, Allowances, Liberties, Privileges, Pre-eminences, Jurisdictions, and Emoluments, belonging and appertaining thereto; and the Petitioner humbly infills that Ihe is entitled to hold and receive the same, and every Part thereof, for all the Residue of the said Term of Thirty Years in and by the said Letters Patent granted and now to come therein; and that, amongst other Profits, Advantages, and Privileges, appertaining to the said Office of Bailiff of Burley, the Petitioner is entitled to the Occupation and Enjoyment of a Capital Mansion House called Burley Lodge, with the Offices and Buildings held and used therewith; and also of Two smaller Lodges, and several Parcels of inclosed Land within the said Forest; the Petitioner has also the entire Care and Disposal of the Deer, which are very numerous within the said Bailiwick, which consists of Two extensive Walks called Burley and Holmejley Walks (except being liable to receive His Majesty's own Warrants) and the Petitioner has also the Power of appointing the Reepers of the said Walks, as well as the Right of receiving for her own Use all Forest Rents paid for Pasturage and Commonage within the same Walks; and that the Petitioner had not any Intimation or Notice, until the 3d Day of JuInstant, that the said Bill, or any of the Provisions thereof, did extend to

the

Third Reading of Bill, deferred.

Quarantine Bill, reported.

British Fiflv-rries Bill, committed.

4.0 Geo. III.

73i

A '

the Bailiwick of Burley aforesaid, or that the same would in any Manner interfere with the Rights and Tnterefts of the Petitioner as Bailiff thereof; but the Petitioner having, on the said 3d Day of July, been informed of the Provisions of the said Bill, the Petitioner hath been advised that many of the said Provisions are extremely detrimental to the Interest, and subversive of the Advantages and Rights of the Petitioner, as Bailiff of Burley aforesaid; and that the Witnesses necessary to be produced by the Petitioner, in Support of her. said Rights, reside in the said Forest, and their Attendance at the Bar of the House cannot be procured by the Petitioner Until the 9th Day of July Instant: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, 'and that the Petitioner may be heard, by her Counsel and Witnesses, against the paffmgof the said Bill into a Law, and that the House will grant to the Petitioner such ‘further and other Relief in the Premises as to their Wisdom shall ,seem meet, and the Nature of the same may require.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third Time; and that the Petitioner be then heard, by her Counsel and Witnesses, against the said Bill, upon her Petition, if she 'thinks fit.

A Motion was made, and the Question- being proposed, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday.Morning next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " "and in-

ferring the Word " Tuesday" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, iThat the Word " Monday" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word " Tuesday" be inserted instead thereof;

It was. resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Brugge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for eretting a Lazarette on Chetney Hill, in the County of Kent, and for reducing into One Act the Laws relating to Quarantine, and for making further Provision therein, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Quee read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed so by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said - Bill, as amended, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to continue and amend an AdV, of the last Session of Parliament, for continuing several Acts for the Encouragement of the British Fisheries, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Vol. 55.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Foreign Hops Reading of the Bill for suspending, for a Time to be limited, the Duties on Foreign Hops imported, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill' be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second French wires Reading of the Bill for permitting French Wines- to be ^j1'C0trmiu imported into this Kingdom from the Isles of fey, Jersey, or Alderney, in Bottles or Flasks, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That. there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills issued f^sh^tr, to by virtue of an Act, made in this present Session of Par- Liverpool liament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty Merchants,

" to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills to a limited " Amount, and in the Manner therein mentioned, for " the Relief of the Merchants of Liverpool and Lancaster," distinguishing such of them as have been paid

off and discharged.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill to incor-Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to incorporate cer- |°"'re tain Persons by the Name of " The London Company pany of Lon- for the Manufacture of Flour, Meal, and Bread," be don, paired, now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; ,

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas.)' Lord Havkejbry, j 4g;

44-

Tellers for the Noes,)

So. it was resolved. in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the further Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the said Bill be adjourned till Thursday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Toilers for the Yeas,)^-,) 44-

Telle, for the } 50.

So it passed in the Negative.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, That the Company shall, on Monday in every Week, expose to Sale on the Corn Exchange Five Hundred Sacks of Fine Flour to be sold to Bakers, under a Penalty.

And the said Clause was brought up, and read the First Time.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, To prohibit Servants and

Officers

732 4° Julii.J. 1800.

Officers of the Company from trading in Meal, Flour, or Bread, under a Penalty.

And the said Clause was brought up, and Twice read, with a Blank.

And it being proposed to fill the said Blank with a pecuniary Penalty;

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

TeUers for the 4«.

Tellers for IheNoes,j: } 27‘

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. William Dundas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. William Dundas accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment uras Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, Declaring that this Act may be altered, amended, or repealed, by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

The House divided.

Tire Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, ^Teridan: \

Te'lers for the Noes J ^r ^/u'Ies' A7

1 e‘lers for the °eS' \ Mr. William Dundas J 47'

So it passed in the Negative.

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the Bill, by leaving out the Word " Ten " in order to insert the Word " Five instead thereof, in the Part of the Bill which declares that no Dividend of the Profits of the said Undertaking shall exceed in the Whole Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum on the Amount of the Sums subscribed;

And the Question being put, That the Word " Ten " stand Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Telia, for t!,e Yea,.^- ^"'unior: } 47-

Teller for he Nccsf^" f"''. } ,6.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Notice being taken that William , Esquire,

who voted in the last Question with the Yeas, was named in the Bill as One of the Persons who had agreed

to become Subscribers to the said Undertaking;

x

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the Vole of William Devaynes, Esquire, be disallowed}

Mr. Devaynes was heard in his Place, and stated, that he had paid no Money towards this Plan, but that lie intended to subscribe to it, conceiving it would be for the Public Benefit.

And then he withdrew.

Resolved, That the Vote of William , Esquire,

be disallowed.

Notice being taken that Sir John Call, Baronet, who also voted with the Yeas, was likewise named in the Bill, as One of the Persons who had agreed to become Subscribers to the said Undertaking;

A Motion was made, and the Question being pre-posed. That the Vote of Sir John Call, Baronet, be disallowed;

Sir John Call was heard in his Place, and said, that the House having come to the last mentioned Resolution, with respect to Mr. Devaynes, he made no Objection to his own Vote being disallowed.

And then he withdrew.

Resolved, That the Vote of Sir John Call, Baronet, be disallowed.

Notice being taken that John Frere, Esquire, who also Voted with the Yeas, was likewise named in the Bill as One of the Persons who had agreed to become Sub feribers to the said Undertaking,

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Vote of John Frere, Esquire, be disallowed;

Mr. Frere was heard in his Place, and said, he made no Objection to his Vote being dilallowed.

And then he withdrew.

Resolved, That the Vote of John Frere, Esquire, be disallowed.

Notice being taken that Robert Esquire,

who also voted &ith the Yeas, was likewise named in the Bill, as One of the Persons who had agreed to become Subscribers to the said Undertaking j

Mr. Biddulph was heard in his Place, and said, that lie had ceased to be a Subscriber to a Plan which he approved, to prevent any Doubt respecting the Validity of his Vote.

Notice being taken that Sir Baronet,

who likewise voted with the Yeas, was also named in the Bill, as One of the Persons who had agreed to become Subscribers to the said Undertaking;

And he not being in his Place in the House;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Sir Robert Preston, Baronet, do attend this House, in his Place, upon Monday Morning next,

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Bill do pals;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon.;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning next j

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the Yeas. } ,7.

Tellers for the Noe,. j JJ'; . } J-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put j

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act to incorporate certain Persons by the Name of " The London Company for the Manufacture of Flour,

" Meal, and Bread," for a limited Time.

Ordered, That the Lord H do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, ret.olve itself into a- Committee of the whole House,

4o Geo. III. 4° — 7° — 8° Julii.

733

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Apprtntfceftiip Resolved, That this House will,'upon Monday Morn-BiiJ, deferred, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to render valid Indentures of Apprenticeship of Poor Children and others made upon improper Stamps, upon certain Conditions, and to in- demnify all Persons who may have incurred Penalties thereby.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lutue, 7

Anno 4o Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1800.

Prayers.

Tulleken ^fOHN Tulleken took the Oaths appointed, in order (Worn. J to his Naturalization.

The House met, and being counted by Mr. Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were not present; yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr. Speaker took the Chair; and, having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 8° die Julii;

Anno 4o# Georgii IIP" Regis, 1800.

Prayers.

wtiitelmwh VfRDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant

Writ. \S to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ

for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of , in the County of

Southampton, in the room of the Honourable John Thomas Townshend, now Lord Viscount , called up to the House of Peers.

Brouquen Nar. Bill, committed.

A Bill for naturalizing John Joachim Vital de Boubee de Brouquens, an Infant, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Fordyce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Micheir Nat. An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bill, commit- for naturalizing Francis Julius Micheli, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Pierrepont, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Lord Amend. The House proceeded to take into Consideration the AffileBiU^ 3 1 Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, greed to An Act for amending several Acts for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 18. Leave out "Price" and insert " Weight."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time,- was, Vol. 55.

upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Yorke do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Mr. Wigley reported from the Committee, to whom Cookfey' *

the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for effectuating a Partition or Division of certain Free-hold and Copyhold, or Customary, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Worcester, heretofore the Estates of Holland Cookfey, Esquire, deceased, and for substituting Thomas Bird, Gentleman, to be a,

Trustee in the Place of William Esquire,

now in Parts beyond the Sea, for all the Purposes for which the said ‘William Dowdeswell, jointly with Thomas Blayney, Gentleman, is a Trustee of One undivided Fifth Part of the said Freehold and Copyhold, or Customary, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to t

the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Wigley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for naturalizing John Tulleken, was read a Second Tulleken Time. Nat- B'11'

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wigley, coram‘tte Mr. Martin,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lords Amend-Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Co1 *

An Act for the Security of Collieries and Mines, and for agreed to the better Regulation of Colliers and Miners.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. i4. Leave out from "of" to "and" in Line 17, and insert " a Misdemeanor."

L 22. Leave out " transported " and insert " imprisoned.

1.23. Leave out from " exceeding " to " Provided " in Line 27, and insert " Six Months."

Pr. 4. 1.12.

and

I3 *

Pr. 5. I.22. Leave out "nor less than One Month."

Pr. 6. 1. 24. Leave out from " for " to " One " in Line 26.

Pr. 7. 1. 5. Leave out from " for " to " Three " in Line 7.

1. 26. Leave out from " for " to " Six " in Line 28.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, ' agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for establishing cer- House of tain Regulations in the Offices of the House of Commons, be now read the Third Time. p2uej.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, That if the Clerk Assistant shall continue in that Office, or be appointed Clerk at the

9 A Expiration

| Leave out " nor less than One Month."

734 8° Julii. A, 1800.

Expiration of the Letters Patent, the Amount of his Salary shall be efti mated according to the whole Number of Years he thall have held.that Office.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another irgrofied Clause w'as offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, That the Commissioners may proceed in the Execution of the Act, on the Expiration of the present Patents of the Office of Clerk, and on the Expiration of the Patent of Serjeant at Arms, as far as the respective Cafes admit.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the > Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be

made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill j

Pr. 5. 1. 4. After " And " to insert " be it further Enacted, That."

1. 5. At the Beginning of the Line, to insert " shall and they."

Pr. 7. 1. 33. To leave out the first " for."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for establishing certain Regulations in the Offices of the House of Commons.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Yorke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Report from Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, who were c — c£ appointed to examine what Clauses are usually contained fan:. in Acts of Inclosure, and to report to the House such of

them as it may appear fit to comprize in One Act; That the Committee had examined into the Matter to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read i and is as followeth;

if our Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined into the Matter to them referred; and have, in an Appendix to this their Report, set forth such Clauses as appear to them are usually contained in Acts of Inclosure, and which in their Opinion it may be fit to comprize in One Act.

APPENDIX.

Commiss.oners That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Com-/ Ujvsora. missioner in the Execution of any of the Powers to be given by any such Act (except the Power of signing and giving Notice of the First Meeting of the Commissioners for executing any such Act, and of administering the Oath herein after directed) until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath following: teib. 1 do swear. That I will faithfully, impartially, and

honestly, according to the best of my Skill and Ability, execute and perform the several Trusts, Powers, and Authorities vested and reposed in me as a Commissioner, by virtue of an Act for [Here insert the Title of the according to

Equity and good Conscience, and without Fa-. your or Affection, Prejudice or Partiality, to any Person or Persons whom soever.

So help me GOD.

Which Oath it shall be lawful for any One of the Commissioners to administer, and he is hereby required to administer the same to any other of them; and the said Oath, so to be taken and subscribed by each Commis-v fioner, and also the Appointment of every new Commissioner, shall be annexed to and inrolled with the

' Award of the Commissioners, and a Copy of the Inrolment thereof shall be admitted as legal Evidence.

4

And be it further Enacted, That every Person ap- Commflhntri pointed a Commissioner in or by virtue of any such Act, who shall reiufe or decline to act as such, shall forthwith give Notice in Writing to the other Commissioner or Commissioners, of his Intention to refuse or decline acting as a Commissioner.

Provided always, That no such Commissioner shall be SoCommissioner capable of being a Purchaser of any Part or Parts of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within any Parish in which the Lands and Grounds intended to be inclosed are situate, either in his own Name or in the Name or Names of any Person or Persons, before the Date and Execution of the Award to be made by any such Commissioners.

And whereas Disputes or Doubts may arise concerning the Boundaries of Parishes and Manors to bedivided and inclosed, and of Parishes and Manors adjoining thereto. Be it therefore Enacted, That the Commissioners appointed in or by virtue of any such Act shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Examination of Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath any One or more of such Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer) and by such other legal Ways and Means as they shall think proper, to enquire into the Boundaries of the several Parishes and Manors; and in case it shall appear to such Commissioners that the Boundaries of the Parishes and Manors are not then sufficiently ascertained and distinguished, such Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to ascertain, set out, determine, and fix the same respectively; and after the said Boundaries shall be so ascertained, set out, determined, and fixed, the same shall and are hereby declared to be the Boundaries of such Parishes and Manors, subject to an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions:

Provided always, that such Commissioners (before they proceed to ascertain and set out the Boundaries of such Parishes and Manors) shall and they are hereby required to give Public Notice, by Writing under their Hands, to be affixed on the most public Doors of the Churches of such Parishes, and also by Advertisement to be inserted in some Newspaper to be named in such Act, and also by Writing to be delivered to or left at ' the last or usual Places of Abode of the respective Stewards of the Manors in which the Lands and Grounds to bfe inclosed shall be situate, and of such adjoining Manor or Manors, Days at lead before the Time

of letting out such Boundaries, of their Intention to ascertain, let out, determine, and fix the same respectively, and such Commissioners shall, within after their ascertaining and setting out the same Boundaries, cause a Defcnplion thereof in Writing to be delivered to or left at the Places of Abode of one of the *

Churchwardens or Oveffeers of the Poor of the respect - -

tive Parishes, and alibof the respective Stewards of the said several Manors interested in such Boundaries.

And be it further Enacted, That all Encroachments which shall have been made upon any Commons and Waste Lands within the Space of Twenty \ Cfirs next nxitbinuceT-before the passing of such Act, without any legal Grant tail Time,<obe or Authority for that Purpose, fit all be deemed Part of the Commons and Waste Lands to be divided and incloled by virtue thereof, and the same shall be divided and incloted accordingly: Provided nevertheless, that all and every such Encroachments shall be allotted to the Person or Persons who shall, at the Time of making the Allotments, be in the Possession of such Encroachments, or in the Receipt of the Rents and Profits thereof, as the Whole or Part of the Share or Portion of the Commons and Waste Lands to which such Person or Persons will be entitled by virtue of such Act, without considering the Value of any Erections thereon, ot Improvements made thereto, and if such Person or Persons shall not be entitled to an Allotment equal to the Value of

l'uch

40 Geo. III.

8° Julii.

735

such Encroachments, but shall be willing to purchase the admeasure all and every Part of the Lands and Grobnds fame, then the Commissioners shall ascertain the Price intended to be divided and allotted, and also all the an-thereof.orof such Part thereof as shall exceed the Rights of cient inclosed Lands, Grounds, and Homesteads di-such Possessoror Possessors thereof in respect of any other rested to be surveyed, and to do or cause to be done Property as aforesaid, in ascertaining of which Price the any Act or Thing necessary for putting such Act into Commissioners shall not value the Buildings or other Execution.

Report from Committee on Acts of Indo-sure — continued.

Improvements thereon, but shall value the Land only, and that at so much Money per Acre as the same shall in their Estimation be worth, having Reference to the Waste Dext adjoining, and upon such Person or Persons paying such Price per Acre to such Commissioners, at such Time or Times as they shall for that Purpose appoint, and taking their Receipt or Receipts for the fame, every such Encroachment, or such Part thereof as shall be so purchased, and also all Buildings

Provided always, That any Map or Survey made, at the Time of passing any such Act, which shall be tendered to such Commissioners, and which shall be in their Judgment and to their Satisfaction a just and true Map or Survey proper for the Purpose of carrying such Act into Execution, may be used for that Purpose if the said Commissioners shall think fit, without any new Map or Survey being made of such Part of the Lands and Grounds as shall be comprized in any such approved

Former Map or Survey may be used.

and Improve

ments thereon, shall thereupon become, by virtue of this Map or Survevas aforesaid Act, vested in such Purchaser or Purchasers, and his and _

their respective Heirs and Assigns in Fee Simple, without Provided also, and be it further Enacted, That no-

any further or other Conveyance, Assurance, Instrument, thing herein contained shall authorize such Commis-or Writing whatsoever, and such Commissioners shall sioners to hear and determine any Difference or Dispute

Comfmffiofters not to determine upon Titles.

apply such Purchase Monies as Part of the Monies to be raised for defraying the Expences of obtaining and passing such Act, and of carrying the same into Execution; and from and after such Allotment, and Payment of the Consideration Money for the Purchase of such Encroachments as aforesaid, all Rent Charges, and other Sum or Sums of Money theretofore payable for and in rel'pest thereof, shall for ever thereafter cease, be extinguished, and no longer payable.

Encroachments made within Months, to he thrown open.

Provided always, That all Encroachments made upon such Commons and Waste Lands within the Space of

which may arise touching the Right or Title to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, but such Commissioners shall assign and set out the several Allotments directed to be made unto the Person or Persons who, at the Time of the Division and Inclosure, shall have the actual Seisin or Possession of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in Lieu or in Right whereof such Allotment shall be respectively made: Provided also, that no Difference or Suit touching the Title to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall impede or delay the Commissioners in the Execution of the Powers vested in them by virtue of any such Act, but the Division

or

Calendar Months immediately preced- Inclosure directed to be made shall be proceeded in not-

ing the passing of such Act, shall be thrown open without any Recompence whatsoever to be made to the Possessor or Possessors thereof for or in respect of the fame.

Power to sum-

l ands to be surveyed.

And be it further Enacted, That a true, exact, and

withstanding such Difference or Suit,

And be it further Enacted, That it shall be lawful for such Commissioners, and they are hereby required from man Time to Time, as they shall see Occasion, or at the Request of any of the Parties claiming to be interested, by

particular Survey, Admeasurement, Plan, and Valuation Writing under their Hands, to summon and require any of all the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, Person or Persons to appear before them at a Day and

and inclosed by any such Act, and also of all the Mef- Place in such Writing to be named, then and there to

fuages, Cottages, Orchards, Gardens, Homesteads, an- testify the Truth touching any Matter relative to the cient inclosed Lands and Grounds within any such Pa- Execution of any such Act, and cause a true Copy of ri(h or Manor, shall be made and reduced into Writing such Writing to be served upon such Person or Persons by such Commissioners, or by such other Person or Per- so summoned, or left at his, her, or their last or usual fons as they shall nominate and appoint, as soon as conve- Place of Abode; and every such Person so summoned niently may be, for the Purposes of such Act, and the who shall not appear before the Commissioners pursuant

Number of Acres, Roods, and Perches, in Statute Measure, contained in all the Lands and Grounds directed or authorized to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and also in all the ancient inclosed Lands, Grounds, and Homesteads aforesaid, and of each and every Proprietor's distinct Property in the same respectively, at the Time of making such Survey and Admeasurement, shall be therein let forth and specified, and that the said Survey, Admeasurement, and Plan shall be kept by such Commissioners, and the Person or Persons who shall make such Survey, Admeasurement, Plan, and Valuation, stir.ll verify the same upon Oath, at any Meeting to be held after the making thereof (which Oath the Commissioners, or any One of them, are and is hereby empowered and required to administer) and the Proprietors, and their respective Agents, and all Persons interested therein, shall, at all l'easonable Times, have Li-

to such Summons, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn, or fully examined (the reasonable Charges of his or her Attendance, to be fettied by the said Commissioners, being to him or her paid or tendered) shall forfeit and pay the Sum of to be recovered and applied

as herein after directed.

And be it further enacted, That if any Witness or Witnesses, who shall be examined upon Oath by or before such Commissioners, or by or before any Justice of the Peace, under or by virtue of the Authority of iur> any such Act, shall wilfully give falle Evidence, and shall thereof be convicted, he, she, or they, so giving false Evidence, Avail be subject to the Pains infiifted by Law on Persons guilty of avilful and corrupt Perjury.

And be it further Enacted, That such Commissioners

JTitf.vffes giving false Evidence to be guilty of Per-

Power to enter Lands.

berty to peruse and inspect the lame, and to take Copies shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, in thereof and Extracts therefrom respectively. the First Place, before they proceed to make any of the

Divisions and Allotments directed in or by any such Act, And be it further Enacted, That for surveying, ad- to set out and appoint such public Carriage Roads and measuring, and valuing all the said Lands and Grounds, Highways, through and over the Lands and Grounds and for other the Purposes of such Act, it Avail be lawful intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and to di-

To set out Pitht tic and Pri vate Roads.

for such Commissioners, every or any of them, and the Person or Persons to be appointed by them to make such Survey, Admeasurement, Plan, and Valuation, together with their and every of their Assistants and Servants, at any Time or Times whatsoever until such Division shall

vert, turn, and (lop up any of the Roads and Tracks upon and over all or any Part of the Lands and Grounds, as they Avail judge necessary, so as such Roads and Highways shall be and remain Forty Feet wide at the lead, and to give or cause to be given Days No-

be completed, to enter, view and examine, survey and tice at lead, upon the Church Door of the Parish wherein Vol. 55. such

736 8 ° Julii. 1800.

Report from Committee on Acts ot luclo-

luiC--- CGtiti-

riutJ,

such Roads are situate, and in any adjoining Parish that they rnr.v think necessary, and also in feme public Newspaper circulating in tire Neighbourhood thereof, of a Day by them appointed to receive Objections that may be nude to any Roads and Highways lb ascertained and let out, diveried, turned, and stopped up, or intended so to be, or that may be omitted to be ascertained and set out, and thereupon to hear and determine the fame; and after the letting out such Carriage Roads the same shall be well and luflkicntly fenced on both Sides by such of the Owners and Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and within such Time as such Commissioners shall by any Writing under their Hands direct or appoint; and that it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to set up or erect any Gate across any such Carriage Road, or to plant any Trees in or near to the Hedges on the Sides thereof at a lei's Distance from each other than Fifty Yards; and such Commissioners shall, and are hereby empowered and required, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint some proper Person to be Surveyor of the said Roads; and such Surveyor shall cause the same to be formed and put into good State and Condition, and shall be allowed such Salary or Reward for his Trouble therein as the Commissioners shall order and direct; which Salary or Reward, and also the Expences of forming the said Roads, and putting the same into good State and Condition (over and above the Statute Duty) shall be raised in like Manner as the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing any such Act, and of carrying the same into Execution, are therein directed to be raised, so as that none of the Inhabitants of the Parish wherein such Roads are situate, other than the Owners and Proprietors of, and Persons interested in the Lands and Grounds intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, to whom Allotments are directed to be made, shall be in anywise charged or chargeable (over and above the Statute Duty) towards the forming and completing of the said Roads; but when and so soon as the said Roads shall have been made fit for the Pafifage of Travellers and Carriages, and shall have been certified so to be by the said Surveyor in Manner herein after directed, the said Roads, and every of them, shall thenceforth for ever be supported and kept in Repair by such Persons and in such Manner as the other public Roads within such Parish are by Law to be amended and kept in Repair; and the Certificate so as aforesaid to be made and given by the said Surveyor, shall be made within the Space of Two Years from the Date of the Award of such Commissioners, and shall be delivered to the Clerk of the Peace for the County in which the Lands are situate, at the first General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be hoklen in and for such County next after the said Roads and Highways shall have been formed and put into good State and Condition, and such Certificate shall be allowed and confirmed by the Justices in the said Sessions assembled, and be there filed of Record, unless sufficient Reason shall be given, to the Satisfaction of the Justices assembled at such Quarter Sessions, immediately before the Expiration of such Two Years, that a further Time will be necessary for that Purpose, in which same such Justices may and they are hereby required to allow such further Time for the delivering in of the said Certificate as they shall think proper, not exceeding One Year; and in case the said Surveyor shall neglect or refuse to deliver in the Certificate hereby required from him, within the Space hereinbefore for that Purpose limited, he shall forfeit and pay the Sum of to be recovered in Manner herein after directed, and the same shall be applied towards the Repair of the said Roads in such Manner as the Commissioners shall direct.

Prhmt Roads. And be it further Enacted, That such Commissioners shall and they are hereby empowered and required to set out and appoint such private Roads and Ways, and

other Works and Convenivencies in, over, and upon the Allotments to be made and set out in pursuance of such Act, as they shall think requisite, and the same shall be made, and at all Times for ever thereafter be supported and kept in Repair by and at the Expence of the Owners and Proprietors for the Time being of the Lands and Grounds directed to be divided and inclosed, in such Shares and Proportions as the Commissioners shall in and by their Award order and direct.

And be it further Enacted, That after such public Herbie of and private Roads and Ways shall have been set out and made, the Grass and Herbage arising thereon shall for -

ever belong to and be the foie Right of the Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds which shall next adjoin the said Roads and Ways on either Side thereof, as far as the Crown of the Road; and it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to use any other Roads or Ways (either public or private) over, through, or upon any of the Lands and Grounds intended to be divided and inclosed, either on Foot, or with Horses, Carts, or Carriages, but that all Roads and Ways over, through, and upon such Lands and Grounds which shall not be set out and appointed as aforesaid, shall be, and the same,

are hereby declared to be for ever Hopped up and extinguished, and shall be deemed and taken as Part of the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and shall be divided, allotted, and inclosed accordingly: Provided, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to give such Commissioners any Power or Authority to divert, change, or alter any Turnpike Road that shall or may lead over any such Lands and Grounds.

And be it further Enabled, That such' Commissioners, in making the several Allotments directed by any such Adl, shall have due Regard as well to the Situation of tiQKy and Con-the respective Houses or Homesteads of the Proprietors, as to the Quantity and Quality of the Lands and Grounds to be allotted to them respectively, so far as may be consistent with the general Convenience of the said Proprietors, and that such Commissioners, in making the said Allotments, shall have particular Regard to the Convenience of the Owners or Proprietors of the smallest Estates, in the Lands and Grounds directed to be allotted and exchanged.

And whereas the Proprietors and Persons interested in Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, directed to be divided and allotted, " m whose Allotments thereof will be small and expensive to inclose, may be desirous of Hocking and depasturing their Allotments in Common, and of sharing such Produce as may grow thereon, under proper Regulations:

Be it therefore further Enacted, That such Commissioners shall be, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered, on Application of the Parties interested, at their First or Second Meeting for receiving Claims, and on an attentive View and full Consideration of the Premises, to award, order, and direct any such Allotments to be laid together and ring fenced, and to be flocked and depastured in Common, and to make such Orders and Regulations for the equitable Enjoyment thereof, and for the Participation of any Produce growing or to grow thereon, as such Commissioners may think beneficial and proper for the said several Parties interested therein.

And be it further Enacted, That the several Shares of and in any Lands or Grounds which shall, upon any such Division be assigned, set out, allotted, and appointed unto and for the several Persons who shall be entitled to the fame, shall, when so allotted, be and be taken to be in full Bar of, and Satisfaction and Compensation for their several and respective Lands, Grounds,

Rights of Common, and all other Rights and Pro. perties whatsoever, which they respectively had or were

entitled

4o Geo. III. 8 0 Jutii.737

entitled to in and over the said Lands and Grounds, immediately before the passing of any such Act; and that from and immediately after the making the said JDivision and Allotments, and the Execution of the Award of such Commissioners, or at such other Time as such Commissioners shall, by Writing under their Hands, to be affixed on the principal Door of the Church of the Parish in which the Lands and Grounds shall be situate, direct or appoint, all Lammas Rights, Right of Common, and all other Rights whatsoever, belonging to or claimed by any Person or Persons whomsoever; Bodies Politic or Corporate, in, over, or upon such Lands or Grounds, shall cease, determine, and be for ever extinguished.

Jt t licatiofi of And be it further Enacted, That if any Money shall

cw- be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tene-ing,£.too> e ments> or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of any such Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity as herein mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same exceed the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there -parte the said Commissioners, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or Part thereof, affecting the same Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith to the same or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like'Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trails, Intents, and Purports, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken or used, as aforesaid, Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined, and capable of taking EflFeft, and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, on the Request of any or more of the said Commissioners in Writing, signed by them, and without any Order of the Court of Chancer)', be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court of Chancery to be sold, for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities,

> shall from Time to Time go and belong to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and I Iercditaments so thereby directed to be purchartd, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Affiliation Provided always, and be it further Enacted, That if ni ben ite any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Jcetnti‘"(‘x'L'a Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, C >or hjsor used for the Purports aforesaid, and belonging to any

tbaing.za. Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall not exceed the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds nor be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments Vo i. 55.

so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Report from

Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in

case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing ru,v, com

under their respective Elands, be paid into the Bank,

in the Name and wdth the Privity of the said Account-

ant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be

placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied

in Manner herein before directed; or otherwjrt the fame

shall be paid, at the like Option, to Trustees,

to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such '

Option, and approved of by or more of the said Commissioners (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Money may be applied in any Manner herein before directed, so far as the same be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Provided also, and be it further Enacted, That where such Money, so agreed or awarded to be paid as last be- Act.

fore mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be paid to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of any such Act, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for tl\£ Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

And be it further Enacted, That such Commissioners Exchanges. shall, and they are hereby authorized to set out, allot, and award any Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, new Allotments, or old Inclosures, within such Parish or Manors, in lieu of or in exchange for, any other Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, new Allotments, or old Inclosures, within the said Parish or Manors, or within any adjoining Parish or Place; so as that all such Exchanges be made with the Consent of the respective Owners, Proprietors, or other Persons seised of the Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises which shall respectively be so exchanged as aforesaid, or of the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies, acting for or on Behalf of such Owners, Proprietors, or other Persons respectively, who are under Coverture, Minors, Lunatics, or beyond, the Seas, or under any other Disability or Incapacity of acting for themselves (such Consent to be testified by Writing under their respective Hands) and so that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specified, and set forth in the Award of such Commissioners, and so that all such Exchanges of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, belonging to or held in Right of any Church,

Chapel, or Ecclesiastical Benefice, shall also be made with the like Consent in Writing of the Bishop of the Diocert, and of the Patron of any Church, Chapel, or Ecclesiastical Benefice for the Time being; and all such Exchanges so made as aforesaid, shall be for ever good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

And be it further Enacted, That no Fences or Hedges Fencer mi n which, at the Time of the passing of any such Act, shall be (landing or growing in or upon any of the Lands directed to be divided and inclortd, shall be cut down or destroyed by the Owners and Proprietors thereof, after the passing of such Act, until the Execution of the Award, without the Consent of the Commissioners first had and obtained in Writing for that Purport; and if any such Fences or Hedges shall be assigned or appointed by such Commissioners as and for a Boundary Fence, or as and for a Subdivision Fence, to and for any of the Allotments to be made in pursuance of such Act, all such Fences and Hedges shall be left uncut for the Benefit of the Person or Persons to whom such Allotment or Allotments shall belong, and he, (lie, or

9-B they

8° Julii. 1800

Rfpojt from

C oTiiniuer on AcCft of 1 utlo-so? c —

11uej.

they shall make such Compensation in Money to the former Owners and Proprietors thereof, as such Commissioners flull by Writing under their Hands in that Behalf order and appoint, lubjcdl to the tame Mode, and with the like Powers of Recovery thereof, as is herein after provided, respecting the other Expences of parting any such Act, and carrying the same into Execution.

by such Person or Persons as aforesaid, and all Interest on such Share or Shares, Proportion or Proportions, to be computed from the Time the same shall by such Commissioners be directed to be paid as aforesaid, and also all Colls, Charges, and Expences occasioned by or attending such Entry upon and Perception of the Rents and Profits of the said Premises, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

And whereas it may happen that some of the Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, Tenements, or Lands, in any such Parish or Manor, and Persons entitled to Allotment or Allotments, to be made by virtue of any tuch Ad, may be feiled thereof or entitled thereto in Joint Tenantcy, or as Coparceners or Tenants in Common, and cannot, by reason of Infancy, Settlement, or other Incapacity, make an effectual Division thereof; Be it therefore further Enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered (upon the Requell in Writing of such Joint Tenants, or Coparceners or Tenants in Common, or any or either of them, or of the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, or Committees of such as are under Coverture, Minors, Lunatics, or under any other Incapacity as aforesaid) to make Partition and Division of the M;rtuages. Cottages, Tenements, Lands, and Allotment or Allotments, to such of the said Owners or Proprietors who shall be entitled to the same as Joint Tenants, Coparceners, or Tenants in Common, and to allot the same to such Owners and Proprietors in Severalty; and from and immediately after the said Allotments shall be so made and declared, the same shall be hoJden and enjoyed by the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be allotted in Severalty, in such and the same Manner, and subject to such and the lameUfes, as the undivided Parts or Shares of such Estates would have been held in case such Partition and Division had not been made.

And be it further Enacted, That when and so often txftnu>7 as any Proprietors of Lands or Grounds to whom any Allotments shall be made, shall refuse or neglect to pay his, her, or their Proportion of the Charges and Expences of obtaining any such Act, and the necessary Expences of the Commissioners attending the putting the same into Execution (except the Person or Persons thereby exempted from Payment of any such Charges and Expences) or shall refuse or neglect to pay the Expences attending the Inclosing and Fencing of any such Allotments, as upon the Neglect or Refusal of the Proprietors shall be inclosed and fenced by such Commissioners as herein after mentioned, at the respective Days and Times to be appointed for Payment of such Charges and Expences, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, by any Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause the said Costs, Charges, and Expences, and Sum or Sums of Money respectively, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so making Default in Payment as aforesaid, his, her, or their Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies, wheresoever the same shall be found, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress, and Sale, being first deducted, together with the Intercll after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be computed on. such Share or Shares, Proportion or Proportions, from the Time the same shall be directed to be paid by such Commissioners as aforesaid; or otherwise it shall be lawful for such Commissioners, or any Person or Persons authorized by them, to enter upon and take Possession of the Premises so to be allotted to such Person or Persons refilling or neglecting to pay its aforesaid, and to receive and take the Rents and Profits thereof, until thereby, therewith, or otherwise, the Share or Shares, Proportion or Proportions, and the said Costs and Charges so ordered and directed by such Commissioners to be paid

7

Tzr mahr.g F urtition

And be it further Enacted, That all and every Person or Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue of any such Act, shall and they are hereby required to accept his, her, and their respective Allotments within the Space of Calendar

Months next after the Execution of the Award directed to be made in and by any such Act; and in case any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to accept of his, her, or their Share or Allotment within the Time before mentioned, such Person or Persons so neglecting or refuting, shall be totally excluded from having or receiving any Estate or Interest, or Right of Common whatsoever, in any Part of the Lands and Grounds to be divided and inclosed by virtue of any such Act.

Provided always, and be it further Enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the respective Guardians, Husbands, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies of any Person or Persons being Minors, Femes Covert, Lunatics, beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable by Law to accept any such Allotments as shall be made by virtue of any such Act, to and for the Use of such Person or Persons so incapacitated as aforesaid, and also, that any Person or Persons entitled to any Allotment or Allotments as Tenant or Tenants for Life or Lives, shall be, and he, Ihe, and they, is and are hereby respectively enabled and required to accept of and take such Allotment or Allotments respectively, and every such Acceptance respectively shall be and is hereby declared to be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsover: Provided further. That the Non-claim or Non-acceptance of any such Husband, Guardian, Trustee, Committee, or Attorney, shall not exclude or in any way prejudice the Right of any Infant, Lunatic, Feme Covert, or other Person or Persons being under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, who shall claim or accept such Share or Allotment within Calendar Months next after such Dif-

ability or Incapacity shall be removed, or of any Person entitled as Heir in Remainder after the Death of any Person dying during such Incapacity or Disability, who shall claim or accept the same within One Year next after his, her, or their Right, Title, or Interest shall have accrued, defeended, or veiled, or be known so to be.

And be it further Enacted, That after the Allotments shall be set out by such Commissioners, and at any Time before the Execution of their Award, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be so made and flaked or marked out, by and with the Consent of such Commissioners, in Writing qnder their Hands, to ditch, fence off, and inclose their respective Allotments, in such Manner as such Commissioners shall think proper.

And be it further Enacted, That if any Person to whom such Allotment or Allotments shall be made, or any Husband, Guardian, Trustets, Feoffees, Committees, or Attorney of any Infant, Lunatic, Ideot, Feme Covert, Charity or Charities, Person or Persons beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable of acting, or any Tenant in Tail or for Life, or Trustee or Trustees lor any Settlement, or any Mortgagee or Mortgagees, or other Creditor in Possession, shall neglect or refuse to accent, inclose, and fence his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments within such Time or Times as such Commissioners, by any Writing as aforesaid, or by their Award, shall order or direct, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners to cause such Allotment or Allotments to be inclosed and fenced, and to let the same to any Person or Periods

they

Tor limiting tbj tTi?ne for Ac-cep!an<e of At. laments.

CuarJians, &c. to accrpi

ALietntenij.

Proprietors so

ha ve Fc zut r to feme a< soon as tkr Allctments are ft out.

If Persons re. JiiJ'e to i t(.lef, Comwfr.Tjirs ma\ Jo is.

Power to erctt bead Fences J or p referring

Proprietors not tWi^ed to Jr nee u^nwjt dd ItiJojures0

Jthyivance to Pi Oyrii tors Fm 'Vint more tic:2 a due Fro-} ra tion cj' Suiting,

PrniJJment of PerfnsAetmug ucg Pences,

40 Geo. III.

8° Ju

.739

they may think proper, and to receive the Rents and Profits thereof until the Expences attending the Inclosure and fencing thereof are paid and satisfied, or to charge such Expences upon the Proprietor or Proprietors of the same Allotment or Allotments, and by any such Writing as aforesaid, or by their Paid Award, to appoint to whom and at what Time or Times the same shall be paid, subject to the same Mode and with the like Powers of Recovery thereof, as shall be provided respecting the other Expences of passing any such Act, and carrying the same into Execution.

And be it further Enacted, That it shall be lawful for the several Proprietors of the Allotments to be made in pursuance of any such Act, their Agents or Workmen, at any seasonable Time or Times within the Space of Years next after the fencing of any Allotment or Allotments, to set up and erect Pods and Rails, or other Dead Fences, on the Outside of the Ditches bounding their respective Allotments, not exceeding Feet from such Ditches, for the Preservation of their Quick set Hedges, and at any seasonable Time or Times before the Expiration of the said Term, to 'take and carry the Materials thereof when they shall think proper.

Provided always, and be it further Enacted, That no Proprietors whole Allotments or Shares shall upon any such Inclosure lie and be situate next and adjoining to any Common Fields or indofed Grounds, the Boundary of which shall be fenced by any Mound, Fence, Brook, or Rivulet, shall be compelled to make or erect any Hedges, Ditches, or Fences next adjoining to any such Common Tields or inclosed Grounds, for inclosing such their Allotments or Shares, but that the whole Mound, Fence, Brook, or Rivulet, or other sufficient Fences which divide any such Common Fields or inclosed Grounds from such Allotment, shall for ever be and remain a Boundary Fence for the Purpose of such Division,

and shall from Time to Time be maintained, kept, cleansed, scoured, and repaired by the respective Proprietors thereof, in the same Manner as before the passing of such Ad, or in such other Manner as such Commissioners shall order and direct.

Provided nevertheless, That in case it shall happen that some of the Proprietors shall have a greater Proportion of Fences to make and maintain upon any of the Lands directed to be divided and inclosed, than in the Judgment of such Commissioners the Allotments of such Proprietors ought to be charged with, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners, where they shall judge it proper, to ascertain and appoint such Sum of Money to be paid to every such Proprietor, towards making and maintaining such Fences, by such other of the Proprietors who may have a lei's Proportion of fencing, according to the Value and Quantity of the Lands to be allotted to them, and to grant such other Relief in respect thereof, >out of the Money to be raised for defraying the Expences of carrying such Act into Execution, as they shall think reasonable, in order that the said Boundary Fences may be brought as near as may be to a just and equal Proportion.

And be it further Enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall wilfully or unlawfully break down, destroy, carry away, or damage any Fence, Stile, Post, Rail, Gate, Bridge, or Tunnel, which may be put up or placed under the Authority and for the Purposes of any such Act, every Person so offending and being thereof convicted before any Justice of the Peace for the County in which the Lands or Grounds to be inclosed shall be situate, on Confession or on Proof of the Offence by Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath the said Justice is hereby authorized to administer) shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum oi and every Person shall be allowed

to give Evidence ol such Offence, notwithstanding he

V.OL. 55 *

Report from Committee on Acts ct Inc tofu re — continued.

may be a Proprietor or Occupier of Lands within or an Inhabitant of such Parish, and notwithstanding he may be the Owner of any such Fence, Stile, Post, Rail, Gate,

Bridge, or Tunnel; and in case any such Offender or Offenders shall not immediately pay such Penalty or Penalties, or find Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice for the Payment thereof, at such future Day as he shall think proper, it shall be lawful for such Justice to cause the same to be forthwith levied by Ditlrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, returh-ing the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Costs and Charges of the Distress and Sale; which Penalty or Penalties shall go and be paid to the Informer or Informers; and for Want of such Distress, such Justice shall and may commit the Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Space of Time not exceeding Calendar Months nor Id's than Days.

And be it further Enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Rector or Vicar for the Time being of any Parish, vicar to grant wherein the Lands and Grounds intended to be inclosed shall be situate, by Indenture or Indentures under his Hand and Seal, with the Consent and Approbation of the Bishop of the Diocese and of the Patron of the said Redtory or Vicarage, to lease or demile all or any Part or Parts of the Allotment or Allotments to be set out and allotted to any such Rector or Vicar by virtue of any such Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Term not exceeding Years, to commence within Calendar Months next after the

executing the Award, so as the Rent or Rents for the same shall be thereby reserved to the Rector or Vicar for the Time being, by Four equal Quarterly Payments, videlicet, on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day oijuly, and the Tenth Day of , in every Year, and so as there be thereby also reserved and made payable to such Rector 6r Vicar the bed and most improved Rent or Rents that can reasonably be had or gotten for the fame, without taking any Fine, Foregift,

Premium, Sum of Money, or other Consideration, for the making or granting any such Lease or Demise, and so as no such Lessee by any such Lease or Demise be made difpuniffiable for Waste, by any express Words to be therein contained, and so as there be inserted in every such Lease Powrer of Re-entry on Non-payment of the Rent or Rents to be thereby reserved within a reasonable Time to be therein limited after the same shall become due, and so as a Counterpart of such Lease be duly executed by the Lessee or Lessees to whom such Lease shall be so made as aforesaid; and every such Lease shall be valid and effectual, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

And whereas it may be more convenient for the Feoffees or Trustees of any Charity Lands or School Lands to have Lands deducted from the respective Allotments, to be made for such Charity Lands or School Lands, for *

paying the proportionable Share, in respect of such Allotments, of the Expences of passing any such Act, and of executing the Powers therein contained, and of fencing or mounding such respective Allotments, than to raise Money on Mortgage for that Purpose; Be it therefore further Enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such Commissioners, if they shall judge it right or expedient, to deduct from the respective Allotments to be made to such Feoffees or Trustees as aforesaid, so much Land as shall in the Judgment of such Commissioners be equal in Value to their respective Proportions of the said Expences, and to allot, assign, and award the lame, to such Person or Persons as such Commissioners shall think proper, and who will undertake to pay and defray, and shall pay and defray all such Expences.

And be it further Enacted, That all Penalties and for Recovery Forfeitures imposed by any such Act, or which shall be

imposed

K^p'Jrt from Committee on A :H of Inclo *

sure —

mud.

r<x,& of Ac-taunt to bt left

with the CUrk9 for the Proprietors lttr ftilhou

8° Julii.

A. 1800.

r 1 '

imposea "by such Commissioners under or by virtue of the Authority of any such Act, shall be levied and recovered either in the Manner hereinbefore directed or before any One Justice of the Peace for the County in which the Lands or Grounds to be inclosed shall be situate, and residing near any such Parish, and not inte-Tested in the Matter in question, for which Purpose it shall be lawful for any such Justice of the Peace upon Complaint made to him to iummon the Party accuied and the Witnesses on both Sides, and upon the Apjrear-ance or Contempt of the Party accused to examine such Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath any such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) and upon such Evidence to give Judgment accordingly, and to condemn the Party accused (Proof of the Accusation being made by One or more Witness or Witnesses as aforesaid) in such Penalties and Forfeitures as the Offender shall have incurred, and to mitigate or lessen where he shall see C'ause such Penalties and Forfeitures, so as the same be not made less than One Half of such original Penalties and Forfeitures, and to levy such Penalties and Forfeitures by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels together with reasonable Costs, all which Penalties and Forfeitures the Application whereof is not particularly directed by any such Act or this Act shall, when and so soon as the same shall be levied, be paid and applied to and for such Uses, Intents, or Purposes as such Commissioners in and by any Writing or Writings ‘under their Hands, or in and by their Award, shall order, direct, or appoint.

And be it further Enacted, That such Commissioners "shall and they are hereby required to enter in a Book, to be provided for that Purpose, an Account of all Monies whatever received from the Proprietors or others, during the Progress of the Inclosure, and also of all the Charges, Expences, and Disbursements which shall accrue or be made by virtue of any such Act, and in carrying the same into Execution, which Book of Accounts shall be kept at the Office of their Clerk, open at all. reasonable Times during the Progress of the Inclosure, and until all the Accounts are Anally settled, for the Inspection of any of the Proprietors, without Fee or Reward; and in case any such Commissioners or their "Clerk shall neglect to provide and keep such Book of Accounts as aforesaid, and refuse the Inspection thereof to any of the Proprietors at reasonable Times in Manner before mentioned, and shall be convicted thereof jjpon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Wit-heffes not interested in the intended Division and Inclosure, before any Justice of the Peace of the County in which the Lands or Grounds to be inclosed shall be situate, or of such other County or Place where such Commissioner or Clerk so offending shall be or reside, every such Commissioner or Clerk so causing such Neglect or Refusal and convicted as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding

nor less than and if he or they shall make Default in paying such Sum for the Space of Days next after such Conviction, the fame

shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant) and the Overplus after such Penalty and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted, shall be returned upon Demand unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, and the Mondv arising by such Forfeiture or Penalty shall be paid and applied to or for the Use of such Proprietor or Person interested making the Complaint.

And be it further Enacted, That all and every the Monies to be raised and received under and by virtue of the Power of any such Act, during the Progress of the intended Division and Inclosure, fhAH from Time to Time as often as the same shall amount to the Sum of Fifty Pounds, be paid to and deposited in the Hands of some Banker or such other Person or Persons as shall be appointed by a Majority in Value of the Proprietors who may be present at the First Meeting of any such Commissioners, and in the Notice of which Meeting shall be expressed the Intention of then appointing such Banker, or such other Person or Persons; and no such Monies deposited or paid into the Hands of such Banker or other Person or Persons to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be issued or paid by him or them, without an Order in Writing under the Hands of such Commissioners, specifying the Person or Persons to whom the same are respectively payable, and the Service or Consideration for which the same are due.

cril'cJ, rjuf ess a >r.o anting to 50, to Input ik .7 Darker / hands, or fu:h other Person as shall be appointed by the Jllajority of the Proprietors

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Mr. Abbot reported from the Committee, who were Second Rfnoit appointed to enquire into the State of the Public Records of this Kingdom, and of such other Public Instru- co, js. ments. Rolls, Books, and Papers, as they shall think

?roper; and to report to the House the Nature and Condition thereof, together with what they shall judge fit to be done for the better Arrangement, Preservation, and more convenient Use of the fame; That the Committee had enquired further into the several Matters to them referred; and had directed him to make & Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was reach

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be fufli-cient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Mr. Long presented to the House, by His Majesty 's Accounts pre-Command, lu"ed *

A further Account of Monies advanced for Public Money ad -Services from the Civil List, not being Part of the Ordi- civULi nary Expenditure of the Civil List, and which have not been replaced by Parliament, specifying the general Heads of Service for which any of the said Monies were advanced, and the Total Amount of the Allowance on each Head respectively: And also,

An Account of the Amount of Fees paid on the Re- Fee on Com-ceipt of £. 41,400, voted in the present Session of Par- tQ1

liament, as Compensation to several Persons for their shitTs.

Losses in Consequence of the Destruction of certain Ships and their Cargoes from Mogadon And also, - ,

An Account of the Sums necessary to be issued to Works nt So. the Executors of the late Sir William , to enable u,e,<ct

them to discharge sundry Bills remaining due to different Workmen, for Works done at Somerset Place: And also.

An Account of the Sum that will be necessary to de- Lor.!: j..ur-fray the Expence of printing the Journals of the House n"l5-of-Lords.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read,

The said Accounts are as followeth;

A further

40 Geo. III.

8° Jiilti.

741

A further ACCOUNT of Monies advanced for Public Services from the Civil List, not being Part of the ordinary Expenditure of the Civil List, and which have not been replaced by Parliament; specifying the general Heads of Service for which any of the said Monies were advanced, and the Total Amount of the Allowance on each Head respectively.

To Wm Chinnery, Esquire, to be by him paid over to Mrs. for Copper Coin provided by her for the Use of the Settlement of South Wales -To Mcflrs. Co/quhounand Harriot, for defraying Expences of a Police Office at

To George Brown, Esquire, for surveying Roads in North Britain -

To Bernard Cobbe, Esquire, additional Allowance to Clerks in the Office for auditing the Public Accounts ——

To W" Chinnery, Esquire, to discharge Bills for Stationary for Public Service at Norfolk

and New South Wales ——

To D % ----- on Account of Expences of the Settlement of New South Wales -

To Clerks of the House of Commons, for Attendance on Public Committees -

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 8th July 1800.

Charles Long.

£. s. d.

697 7 —

797 11 6

680 18 —

827 12 —

89 19 6j 87 15 6

370 9 6

3>55 3 — t

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of Fees paid on the Receipt of £. 41,000. voted in the present Session of Parliament as Compensation to several Persons for their Losses in consequence of the Destruction of certain Ships and their Cargoes from Mogador.

One Thousand and Forty-eight Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Six Pence.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 8th July 1800.

Charles Long.

An ACCOUNT of the Sums necessary to be issued to the Executors of the late Sir William Chambers, to enable them to discharge sundry Bills remaining due to different Workmen for Works done at Place.

Two Thousand Five Hundred and Fifty Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 8th July 1800.

Charles Long.

An ACCOUNT of the Sum that will be necessary to defray the Expence of printing the Journals of the.

House of Lords.

One Thousand and Twenty-four Pounds Four Shillings and Three Pence.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 8 th July 1800.

Charles Long.

Vol. 55.

9 C Ordered,

74

8 ° Julii. . 1800.

O'dcred, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Tabic, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Wilberforcepresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, embanking, and improving, the several Open Com-nv>n Fields, Ings, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of Hatfield, Thorne, Stainforthand Sy he house, in the several Parishes of Hatfield, Thorne, and in the

Manor ot llaitfeld, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Kin?-, con- A Motion being made. That the ingrossed Bill for Million i-c draining, embanking, and prelcrving, certain Tracts of Dilmage B.'il. Low Lands, within the several Parishes, Townships, or Places, of Mtfion, Eafi West , Folk-

ton, Fii.xlon, Staxton, W Ganton, Potter

Brompton, Sherburn, Eafi Hefierton, Hefierton, dingham, Knapion, IVinteScampfion, Ri/ling ton,

Scagg/ethorpe, Setterington, and Norton, in the Kail Riding of the County of York, and within the several Parishes, Townships, or Places, of Old Malton, Pickering, Thornton, Allerfion, Ebberfion, Yeddingham Abbey, Snainton, Brompton, Rufion, IVyheham, Hutton Ayton,

Eafi Ayton, Irion, S earner, Cay ton, Lebberfione, Grifihorpe,

Hackness, and Scalby, in the North Riding of the said County, be now read the Third Time;

Mr. Steele [by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Content, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think, fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, Directing Two Parts of every Award between His Majesty and the Directors to be made, and One Part deposited in the Duchy Office.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, Directing a Copy of the Plan, and certain Extracts relating to His Majesty's Lands, to be deposited in the Duchy Office.

And the said Clause was Thrice read j and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally pro-pol'ed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 51. 1. -9. After " Lelfces" to inlert " or his " or their Steward or Stewards,

" Receiver or Receivers as aforesaid."

Pr. 66. 1. 3. After " Agreement " to insert " Award."

1. 16. After " Agreement" to insert

" Award."

Pr. 125. 1. 9. To leave out from " them" to " And whereas" in Pr. 128. 1. 8.

Pr. 138. 1. 4. To leave out " and" and after f get" to insert "and carry away."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House j and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Bill, p.fTH. Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for draining, embanking, and preferring, divers Tracts of Land within the Township of Mufion, in the Parish of Hunmanby, and also within sundry other

Parishes, Townships, or Places adjoining or near to the Rivers Derwent and Harford, in die Eall and North Ridings of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords, hnd desire their Concurrence,

3

H-tC.U,

TI for nr, Sic. InJolurc and D ainye Bill, pieiuut J.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lords AJnd Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, bro^r°B»u'nA An Act for more effectually regulating the Trade or put off for Business of Pawnbrokers. Three Months,

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followed}; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 70.

1 39-

Pr. 3. 1. 3.

1. 4.

1.10. and 11. 1.12.

1.14. 1. 16.

and

7-

1.19.

1. 22. and 3-

1.24.

I.27.

1.3°.

I.32. 1. 36. ! 37-

1-39-

Pr. 4. 1. 1.

1. 7.

1. 8.

1.14. 1.16.

Leave out " Profit."

Leave out from " expired" to " for" in Press 3. Line 1.

Leave out " any " and insert " the." Leave out " exceeding Two" and insert " of Five," and in the same Line leave out from " Shillings" to " for" in Line 8. and insert " One " Penny."

! Leave out " any Sum exceeding - " Three" and insert " Seven."

Leave out " Nine" and insert " Six," and in the same Line leave out from " Pence " to " One " in Line 13.

After " Penny" insert " Halfpenny."

Il^eave out " any Sum exceeding " Five" and insert " Ten," and in Line 17, leave out from " Shillings" to " Pence" in Line 19, and insert " Two."

Leave out from " Pence"' to " for" in Line 20.

1 Leave out " any Sum exceeding " Six" and insert "Twelve," and in Line 23, leave out " Three" and insert " Six."

Leave out from " Pence" to " Halfpenny" in Line 26, and insert " Two Pence."

Leave out " any Sum exceeding " Seven" and insert " Fifteen." Leave out from " Shillings " to " Pence" in Line 32, and insert " Three."

Leave out from " Pence" to " for" in Line 33,

Leave out " any Sum exceeding " Eight" and insert " Seventeen."

_ O

Leave out " Nine" and insert " Six," and in the same Line leave out from " Pence" to " Pence" in Line 39, and insert " Three."

Alter " Pence" insert " Halfpenny." Leave out from " lent" to " Pence" in Line 4, and insert " One Pound " Four," and in the same Line, leave out from " Pence" to " for" in Line 5, and insert "and so on " progressively and in Proportion for any Sum not exceeding F orty " Shillings."

After " Sum" insert " of Money," and in the same Line leave out " Eleven" and insert " Forty." After " Shillings" insert " and not " exceeding Forty-two Shillings," and in the same Line leave out " and Three" and insert " Eight," and also in the same Line leave out from " Pence" to " for" in Line 11, and insert " And."

Leave out " Twelve " and insert " Forty-two," and in the same Line and Line 13, leave out " and Six " Pence."

Leave out " Thirteen Shillings and " Nine" and insert " Ten Pounds " at and after the Rate of Three."

Pr. 4.

4° Geo. III.

8° Ju

743

Pr. 4. 1.17. Leave out from " Pence" to " which" in Press 8. line 5. and insert " and " no more for the Loan of every " Twenty Shillings, for all such " Money so lent, by the Calendar " Month, including the current " Month, and so in proportion for " any fractional Sum."

Pr. 8. 1. 5.1 Leave out " and respective Profits" and > and insert " Sums," and in Line 6, 6. J after " in" insert " lieu of and as a." I. 7. After " all" inlert " Interest due and." 1. 8. Leave out " whatsoever" and insert " for Warehoul'e Room," and also insert Clause A.

Clause (A.) " And be it further Enacted by the " Authority aforesaid, That in all , " Cafes where any intermediate

" Sum lent upon any Pawn or " Pledge, shall exceed the Sum of " Two Shillings and Six Pence and " not exceed the Sum -of Forty " Shillings, the Person lending the " same shall and may take by way " of Profit as aforesaid, at and after " the Rate of Four Pence and no " more for the Loan of Twenty " Shillings by the Calendar Month, " including the current Month as " aforesaid."

Pr. 11. 1. 1. Leave out from " pawned" to " and" in Line 10.

1.15. Leave out " or Exchange."

Pr. 12. 1. 17-1 Leave out " or any Exchange shall "g ] " take place."

Pr. 16. 1. 2. I

and >

3- J

Pr. 18. 1.15. Leave out f< nor ]efs than One Ca f " lendar Month."

Pr. 35. 1.

and > Leave out " or exchanged.

Leave out " nor left than One Calendar Month."

nd 1:

8.)

The Lords have agreed to

Governors Indemnity Bill.

Militia Subalterns Bill.

Homcastle Navigation Bill.

Keighley Bead Bill.

1. 15. Leave out " or exchanged."

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Three Months.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pcpys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms j without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace \ without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the HonicaJUe Navigation Company to raile a further Sum of Money to complete the said Navigation, and for amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Navigation j without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End et the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed for repairing, amending, and widening the Road from Keighley, in the West. Riding of the County

VOL. 55.

of York, to Kirkhyin Kendal, in the County of West-

morland, so far as the same relate to that Part of the said Road which lies within the Counties of Lancaster-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Liverpool new for establishing a new Church or Chapel lately erected ujj£ICI' c' on the South Side of Hunter Street, within the Town and Parish of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster:, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hummnbr, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Illclolurt Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the several M mors or Townships of Hunmanby and Fordon, in the Parish of Hunmanby, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making Compensation in lieu of Tythe arising in, over, or upon the fame, and in, over, and upon certain ancient inclosed Lands in the same Townships; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ChirtonTn-for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Com- clolure Bui> mon Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor or Tything of Chirton, otherwise Cherrington, in the County of Wilts; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Spariholt infer dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, AmenJ-the Open and Common Arable Lands, Common Mea- ments. dow, Common Pasture, Waste and Down Ground, within the Parish or Township of Sparjho/t, in the County of Berks, and within the Hamlet of Westcote, in the same Parish and County; with feme Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Dedham Infer dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Heaths and whh Amend-Commons, and for exonerating from Common Right ments. the Half Year Lands and Lammas Lands, within the Manors of Dedham Hall and Overhall, and Netherha!/, in the Parish of Dedham, in the County of Essex; with feme Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this The Lords de-House, That the Lords, having under their Consideration peponoiT of the several Resolutions come to by this House relative to Waste Lands, the Inclosure and Improvement of the Waste Lands in this Kingdom, communicated to their Lordships on the them.

19 th of May last, and taking Notice that this House appointed a Select Committee to consider of the moll effectual Means of facilitating, under the Authority of Parliament, the Inclosure and Improvement of the Waste,

Uninclosed, and Unproductive Lands, Commons, Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, and Common of Pasture in this Kingdom, which Committee have made a Report thereupon, do request that this House will be pleased to communicate to their Lordships a Copy of the said Report: And also.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this d°Evidence House, That the Lords do desire that the Commons Ril1in-will communicate to their Lordships the Evidence upon F^oorComJa-which they passed the Bill, intituled, An Act to incor- ny of London, porate certain Persons by the Name of " The London " Company for the Manufacture of Flour, Meal, and " Bread," for a limited Time.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration such Copies^ of Re-Parts of the said Message as desire that this House will Lo,<is. communicate to their Lordships Copies of the Report, and Evidence, therein mentioned.

Resolved, That this House will send to the Lords a printed Copy of the said Report, and also a printed Copy of the Minutes of Evidence taken upon the further Consideration of the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the Bill to incorporate certain

Persons

Cotton Ma-nuf.ifturrrs Bill, passed *

Committee on N.»\al Stores

Bill.

Pawnbrokers Bill, ordered *

India Government Bill, reported.

744 8° Julit. 1800.

Persons by the Name of " The London Company for the " Manufacture of Flour, Meal, and Bread," was committed, asdeliredby their Lord lb ips.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith; and the said printed Copies were delivered to them, to be communicated to the Lords.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

Ordered, That the Bill, now ingrossed, for settling Disputes that may arise between Matters and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture, and for the better Prevention of the Embezzlement of West, in that Part of Great Britain called England, be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 11. 1.10. After "far" to insert "as the same " enact, provide, or inflict, any " Pains, Penalties, or Punishments " upon or against such Workmen, " and so far."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be. An Act son settling Disputes that may arise between Matters and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in that Part of Great Britain called England.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Rcfoived, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better preventing the Embezzlement of His Majesty's Naval, Ordnance, and Victualling Stores.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Richard Ryder took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. 1

Mr. Richard Ryder reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-mcrrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better regulating the Business of Pawnbrokers: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, and Mr. John,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the British Territories in India, and the better Administration of Justice within the same, was re-committed, be now received.

The Lord Hawkesbury accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingossed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of preventing Depredations on the River Thames, and in the Vicinity thereof, be now received.

Mr. Douglas accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion' of this Committee, That it is expedient that a Police Office be established, with proper Assistants, for the more effectual Prevention of Depredations on the River Thames and its Vicinity.

Rcfoived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made out of the Consolidated Fund (if necessary) for defraying the Expences of l'upporting and maintaining such Police Office.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House. ' *

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Douglas, Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Abbot, Mr. Bragge, the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Alderman Curtis, Sir John William Anderson, and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent the committing of Thefts " and Frauds by Persons navigating Bum Boats, and " other Boats, upon the River might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, that they do make Provision therein to amend the said Act.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleated to give Directions that there be laid before this House, a Copy or Copies of the Instructions to the Commander in Chief of the Fleet in the Mediterranean, relative to the Evacuation of Egypt.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen," be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General

Tarleton, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Mr. Douglas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill.to give further Time for the Payment, on the Conditions to be therein mentioned, of Instalments on certain Loans advanced to the House of Alexander Hous-toun and Company, to Charles Esquire, and to

William Johnfone, Esquire, being Persons connected with,

and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and Vincent: And the same was received;' and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " Return to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 28th " 1800, for an Account, shewing the Amount of the " Mqnies which would have been applicable to the Expences

Report on Depredations on the River Thames.

Instruction.

Motion for Address respecting the Evacuation of Egypt withdrawn.

Bill to amend Workmen' Combination Act, committed *

Grenada $cc. Initaiments Bill, piciented.

Return relative to the Hereditary Revenues, pre-l'ented.

40 Geo. III. 8° — 9® yulii. 745

" pences of His Majesty's Civil Government, if the " Hereditary and Temporary Revenues of the Crown, enjoyed by his late Majesty, had been enjoyed by His present Majesty, from the 5th January 1777 to the 5th " January 1800, so far as the same can be made up; " distinguishing each Year, and the Net Produce of each " of the said Revenues, so far as the same can be ascertained; shewing also, the Amount of the Annuity received by His Majesty during the same Period, in lieu " of those Revenues, and the Amount of the Monies " granted by Parliament during the said Period for the " Discharge of the Civil List Debts; and the Difference " to the Public upon the Balance of the said Account." And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table to be perul'ed by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Their Majes- Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, «ie Property resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon tU, deteireU. gjj concerning Disposition of certain Real and

Personal Property of His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, and also of the Real and Personal Property of Her Majesty, and of the Queen Consort for the Time being.

T'lwnbroker Mr. Braggt presented to the House, according to Or-Diil, presented. <Jcr, a Bill lor better regulating the Business of Pawnbrokers: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

1 Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, w>y«3^ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ler"2. ' consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Supply, defer- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to red Consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Read- New Forest Ing of the ingrossed Bill for better Preservation of Tim- ®^rdTime ber in the New Forest, in the County of Southampton, and a„dCouniei' for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of ' the Lands of the Crown within the same;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

And the Petitioner, William Scott, Esquire, was called

in.

And the Counsel for the Petition of the Duchess of Bolton was also called in *

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

And the said several Petitions were also read.

And Mr. Scott was heard in Support of his Petition.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

And the Counsel for the Petition of the Duchels of Bolton was heard in Support of the said Petition.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

And Notice being taken that Forty Members were not present; the House was told by Mr. Speaker; and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House Was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning,

Ten of the Clock.

Pi inters Indemnity Bill, rdcred.

and Wills R-I ris-tion Bill, deterred.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the " more effectual Suppression of Societies established for " Seditious and Treasonable Purposes, and for better " preventing Treasonable and Seditious Practices," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to indemnify all Persons who have printed, pubiithed, or dispersed, or who shall publish, or disperse, any Papers, printed under the Authority of the Commissioners or Head Officers of any Public Boards, from all Penalties incurred by rcaion of the Name and Flace of Abode of the Printer of such Papers not being printed thereon: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to restrain all Trulls and Directions in Deeds or Wills, whereby the Profits or Produce of Real or Personal Estate shall be accumulated, and the beneficial Enjoyment thereof postponed beyond the Time therein limited, be now read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and, at the End of the Question, to add the Words " upon this Day Two " Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now " Hand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding at the End thereof the Words, " upon Monday Morning next."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there added;

It was relblved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next.

VOL. 55.

Mercurii, 90 die yulii 5

v . Anno-40® Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1800.

Prayers. f

MESSAGE by Sir Francis MGentle- Royal Assent man Usher of the Black Rod: ' to Biiis,

Mr. "Speaker,

The Lords, 'authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do defiw the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Delire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Rills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Rdyal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Earl Kerr, and the Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty's Household, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for repealing the Duties of Excise on Distillertes in Scotland, and on the Exportation of made Spirits

9 D from

A. 1800,

746 9°

from England to Scotland, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for altering, amending, and continuing, certain Acts of Parliament for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland:

An Act to amend several Laws relating to the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper:

An Act for extending the Powers of the Commissioners named in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session " of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and " granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices,

" and Personal Estates, in EnglandWales, and the Town " of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of " the Year One thousand Eight hundred, together with " those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Taxfor indemnifying such Persons named in the said Act as have acted as Commissioners of the Land Tax, and for rendering valid certain Acts done by them:

An Act for repealing the Duties on Perfumery, and on Licences for vending the fame:

An Act to exempt from Duty, Wade Paper imported into this Kingdom, for the Purpose of being re-manu-fadured, except the Duty imposed by an Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported:

An Act for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace:

An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms:

An Act to discharge from a disputed and dormant Claim of the Public, several Estates belonging to the Right honourable William Carr Earl of Erroll, Lord High Constable of Scotland:

An Act for the Security of Collieries and Mines, and for the better Regulation of Colliers and Miners:

An Act to authorize Bakers and other Persons to sell Bread to His Majesty's Forces on their March which shall not have been baked Twenty-four Hours, and to indemnify all Persons by whom such Bread may have been so fold:

An Act for amending several Acts for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread:

An Act so explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act for the recovering of Small Debts, and for the relieving of Poor " Debtors, in London," and an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the above mentioned Act, and likewise for extending the Powers of the Court of Requests in the City of London, in and by the said Two several Acts continued and established:

An Act for taking down, and re-building upon a more enlarged Scale, the Chapel of Saint Mary, in the Town of Car narvon:

An Act for establishing a new Church or Chapel lately erected on the South Side of Hunter , within the Town and Parish of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

An Act for the Appointment and Regulation of Pilots and Hoblers for the conducting of Ships and Vessels into, and out of, the Port or Harbour, and River, of Neath, in the County of Glamorgan 5 for placing Buoys upon the Bar of Neath, and the Removal of Obstructions in the said Port or Harbour, and River; for regulating the mooring of Ships and Vessels therein, and for the Regulation of Porters within the said Port or Harbour, and River, and within the Town of Neath:

5

An Act for altering and amending an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town and County of the Town " of Southampton, to the City of New Sarum, in the " County of Wilts, with Collateral Branch to " within the Liberties of the Town of . "

An Act for enabling the Horne aft le Navigation Company to raise a further Sum of Money to complete the said Navigation, and for amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Navigation: An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for opening, making, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Rat clift Highway, through Cannon , in the County of Middlesex, into the Road leading into the County of

Eft ex, and also from the West End of Brook Street into Cable Street, and from Upper Street into the

Back Lane, in the said County of Middlesex:

An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, ami from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed for repairing, amending, and widening, the Road from Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, so far as the same relate to that Part of the said Road which lies within the Counties of Westmorland and Lancaster:

An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Sutton, in the County of Surrey, through the Borough of Reigate, by Sidlow Mill, to Povey Crofts, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the same County:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the most Honourable Arthur Marquis of in the

Kingdom of Ireland, and Earl of Hil/Jborough in the Kingdom. of England, in Trullees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, and for other Purposes:

An Act for the Partition of divers Estates of the late Sir Humphrey Brigges, Baronet, in which the Right honourable Richard Viscount Fitzwilliam in the Kingdom of Ireland, the Reverend Richard Huntley, and George Brooke, Esquire, have undivided Shares:

An Act for confirming a Partition made of the Estates of the late Humphrey Pitt, Esquire, and certain Powers of Sale, mentioned in the Partition Deeds:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands in the Parish of Yftceiftog, in the County of Flint, and in the Parish of Nannerch, in the Counties of Flint and Denbigh:

An Act for the Sale of The George Inn, in the Town of Northampton, veiled in Trustees for Charitable Purposes under the Will of John Driden, Esquire, deceased, and for investing the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, until a proper Purchase can be found, and in the mean Time fur applying the Dividends and Annual Produce thereof for the same Charitable Purposes:

An Act to give to Trustees Powers of Sale, Exchange, and Partition, over such of the Shares of Estates comprized in the Marriage Settlement of William Barbor, Esquire, as are situate in the County of Somerftet, and to lay out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of

40 Geo. IIL 9b

of Estates, to be situate in the County of and to

give a Power of changing and appointing new Trustees of the Estates so to be sold:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of and in the Township of within the Parillies of

Rocejier aforesaid, and in the County of Staf-

ford:

An Act for exchanging, allotting, improving, and inclosing, certain Open and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Parish of Hunin the County of set, and for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, a certain Open and Commonable Pasture, called Stert Common, situate in the Parish of Huntfpi/l aforesaid, and in the Parillies of Canningto Stockland and Slo-

gurfey, in the said County of:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds^ within the Parish of Conn in the County of Cambridge:

o

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Whit churchin the County of Oxford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common, Common Fields, Common Marshes, and Waste Land, within the Parish of Edmonton, in the County of , and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor or Tything of otherwise

ritigton, in the County of

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the several Manors or Townships of and for don, in the

Parish of Hunmanby, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making Compensation in lieu of Tythe, arising in, over, or upon the lame, and in, over, and upon certain ancient inclosed Lands in the same Townships:

An Act for naturalizing Frederick William haufen:

An Act for naturalizing Charles Gotthold Nicolay.

Jvlicheli'sNat. Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom

and ^ie ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for

naturalizing Francis Julius Micbeli, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Lords Amend- The House proceeded to take 'into Consideration

tTm'inclosme Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill,

nm, agreed intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclos-to- ing, the Heaths and Commons, and for exonerating,

from Common Right, the Half Year Lands and Lammas Lands; within the Manors of Dedham Hall and Overhall, and Net her hall, in the Pari Hi of Dedham, in the County of Essex.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as folio wet h; viz.

Pr. 19. I.32. After " Esquire" insert " Lord of the " said Manor of Overliall and Net her hall."

Pr. 29. 1. 24. Leave out " Lords" and insert " surviving Assignees of the Estate and " Effects of George Thomson, Esquire, Lord."

Vol. 55.

Pr. 29. 1. 26. Leave out " Lords" and insert " Lord " or Lady."

Pr. 39. ]. 13. Leave out " Lords " and insert " surviving Assignees of the Estate and < " Effect s of Them [on, Esquire,

" Lord."

1. 14. 1 After " Net her hall " insert " or to and > " the Lord or Lady of the said

15. J Manor for the Time being."

Pr.43. I.37. Leave out " Lords" and insert " Rights of the said surviving Alsignees of the Estate and Effects " ot George Thomson, Esquire, Lord." I.38. After " Net her hall" insert " or of the " Lord or Lady of the said Manor " for the Time being."

Pr. 50. I.37. After " respectively " insert "which " shall be."

1. 38. Leave out from " the" to " Execution" in Line ultimo.

Pr. 65. 1. 9. Leave out " Lords" and insert " to " the surviving Assignees of the " Estate and Effects of George " Thomson, Esquire, Lord."

1. 10. After " Nether hall" insert " or to the " Lord or Lady of the said Manor " for the Time being."

I.32. Leave out "Lords" and insert " surviving Assignees of the Estate and " Effects of the Lord."

1. 33. 1 After " Ne" insert " or to the and > " Lord or Lady of the said Manor 34. J " for the Time being."

Pr. 79. 1. 10. After " Laucaster " insert " as surviving Assignees of the Estate and " Effects of the said George " Jon, Esquire.

I.23. After " Lancinfert " as surviving Assignees of the Estate and " Effects of the said George Thomson, Esquire, and also the said " George Thomson, Esquire."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Strutt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Lands and Marshes in the Parish of Whitford, in the County of Flint, and for fencing the said Marshes.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followed! j viz.

Pr. 9. 1.20.

1. 21.

Pr. 16. 1.17.

Pr. 17. 1. 2. 1- 3-

1. 4-

Pr. 20. 1. 8.

Pr.48. 1,35.

Pr. 52. 1. 36.

Leave out " sent to the said " and insert " delivered to or left at the " laftorusualPlaceofAbodeof the." Leave out from " or" to " the" in Line 23, and insert " of."

After " following" insert " such Determination."

After "by" insert any of."

Leave out " Commissioner" and insert " Parties."

Leave out " his Hand" and insert " their Hands and Seals."

Leave out from " proper" to " provided" in Line 20.

Leave out from " satisfied" to the End of the Clause.

After " Mortgages" insert " which " Securities shall be in the following

" Form:

" By Virtue and in pursuance of " an Act, made in the Fortieth Year of

Lords ATTVnJ merits to Whitford Inclosure Bill, agreed t<f *

Account of Hereditary Revenues pi dent cd in 1777, t( be primed.

New Foicft Bill, pulled.

9° Julii.

A. 1800.

u of the Reign of His Majesty King " George the Third, intituled, [insert " the Title of this Act] and in Consideration of the Sum of " this Day paid by A. B. of

" to C. D. the Commissioner appointed for putting " the said Act into Execution, 1 " the said C. D. the Commissioner " aforesaid, do grant, bargain, and " fell unto the said A. B. his [or her] Executors, Administrators, " and Assigns, such Proportion of " the Commons, Waste Lands, and " Marshes in the Parish of IVhi if or d, " in the County of Flint, as the said " Sum of doth or shall

" bear to the whole Sum now, or " which shall be due and owing on " the Credit of the said Commons, " Waste Lands, and Marshes in the said Parish of to

" have and to hold the same unto " the said A. B. his [or her] Executors, Administrators, and Afliens, for the Term of " Trears from the Date hereof; provided always, that if the said " Sum of shall be

" paid to the said A. B. his [or her]

" Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, together with Interest for " the same after the Rate of Five " Pounds per Centum per Annum, on " or before the Day of

" next ensuing, then this

Mortgage shall be void: In Witness whereof I have hereunto set " my Hand and Seal, this " Day of in the Year of our

" Lord

Pr. 66. I.37. Leave out from " Uses" to "and"

" in Press 67, Line 10.

Pr. 67. I.16. Leave out "or" and insert " and, " and in the same Line, leave out from " had" to "any" in Line 30, and insert " in Person made such " Acceptance."

Pr. 68. 1. 9. After "Allotment" insert "with the " £onlent of the Bishop of the " Diocese for the Time being, under " his Hand and Seal."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Strutt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of an Account, presented to this House upon the 9th Day of April 1777, respc(fling the Amount of His Majesty's Hereditary Revenues, from His Accession to the 5th of January 1777, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Refolded, That this House will, immediately, proceed further upon the Third Reading of the ingrafted Bill for better Preservation of Timber in the New Forest, in the County' of Southampton, and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands of the Crown within the same.

The House accordingly proceeded further upon the Third Reading of the said Bill.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

to insert " unlaw-

Pr. 18. 1. 16. After " any1 " ful."

1. 18. After " any" to insert " such."

I.22. After "Land" to insert "To."

1. 29. After " any" to insert " such."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill do pals;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,^^r‘

(Mr. Douglas:

Teller for tht Noes, Fr B"d"‘

(Mr. Hobhouse: $

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be, An Act for better Preservation of Timber in the New Forest, in the County of Southampton, and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands of the Crown within the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Sturges do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

92.

21.

Mr. Mainwaring presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for authorizing an additional Rate to be made within the Bills of Mortality, and the Parishes of Saint Pancras and Saint Mary le Bon, for the Relief of indigent Persons, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the 25th Day of June last, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Tax upon Inhabited Houses in the several extra-parochial Places within the Bills of Mortality, and the Parishes o (Pancraand Saint Mary le Bon, distinguishing each such extra-parochial Place, and the particular Amount in each, for the Year ending the 5th April 1800, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Houses within the Bills of Mortality, and the Parishes of Saint Pancras and Mary le Bon,

which are charged to the Duty on Inhabited Houses, but are not charged to the Poor Rates, specifying the Amount of the Rental, for the Year ending 5th April 1800;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

f Mr. Rolfon, 1

Tellers for the Yeas, < Sir £

(. Milner

rr 11 c i_ xt { Mr.

Tellers for the Noes, '

(Mr. Perceval:

So it passed in the Negative.

25 *

103.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That this House will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the State of the Nation;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas $ j^[r'

(Mr. Hob house:

Tellers for the Noes $ ‘ ^uxton'‘

idlers for me JNoes, Mr

So it pasted in the Negative.

j 26.

\ t *

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

London Poof Relief Bill,

presented.

Order for Account of House Tax in extra -parochial rlaces, discharged.

Motion for Account ofln. habited Houks not charged to Poor Rates.^ Ncg.

Motion for Committee oft State of the Nation.

Negt

Foreign Hopi Billy deferred.

749

Committee cm Report respecting Acts of Inclosure, debarred.

Naval Stores Bill, deferred.

India Government Bill, deferred.

Grenada, See. Instalments Bill, deferred.

Their M u Jetty's Property Bill, deferred.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Supply, defer-

House adjourned.

40 Geo. III. 9° — 1 o°-

House, upon the Bill for suspending, for a Time to be limited, the Duties on Foreign Hops imported, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

The Orders of the Day being read;

And it being after Two of the Clock on Thursday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to examine what Clauses are usually contained in Acts of Inclosure, and to report to the House such of them as it may appear fit to comprize in One

Act.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better preventing the Embezzlement of His Majesty's Naval, Ordnance, and Victualling Stores, was committed, be received this Day.

Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrafted) for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the Territories in India, and the better Administration of Justice within the same, be read the Third Time this Day.

Ordered, That the Bill to give further Time for the Payment, on the Conditions to be therein mentioned, of Instalments on certain Loans advanced to the House of Alexander Houjloun and Company, to Charles Esquire, and to William John Jlqne Esquire, being Persons

connected with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, be read a Second Time this Day.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill concerning the Disposition of certain Real and Personal Property of His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, and also of the Real and Personal Property of Her Majesty, and of the Queen CoflTort for the Time being.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning Eleven of the Clock.

Venerts, 11° Julii j

Anno 40® Georgii IIP 1 Regis, 1800. Prayers.

MR. John Pitt reported froni the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing John Tulleken, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Tulleken' Nat. Bill, re-period.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom Rrouquen the Bill for naturalizing John Joachim Vital de Boubee Nat. Bill, re Brouquens, an Infant, was committed; That the Com- poit<d mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had likewise examined Mr. John Bertrand de Boubee de Bros Father to the said Infant, who informed the Committee, that his Son is under the Age of Ten Years, but has been constantly educated in the true Protestant Religion; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the LwUAmend-Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled j An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and in- bui, agreed1", closing, the Open and Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Waste and Down Ground within the Parish or Township of Spin the County of Berks, and within the Hamlet of BVeJlcete, in the same Parish and County.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 49. 1. 7. Leave out " or given in Exchange."

Pr. 50. 1. 5. Leave out " or exchanged."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, aft East India ~ ' " Account of Stock, per Computation, of the East India Compn ny's

Company (exclusive of the Capital Stock) from the ift ^rcd.'8' Jovis, IO° die JulH\ March 1799 to the 1 ft March 1800.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-Anno 40° Georgii IlItil Regis, 1800. count of the Amount of all Goods sold at the East India Company's Sales, from the 1 ft March 1799 to the ill Prayers. March 1800.

THE House met, and being counted by Mr. Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Houre rrfoive.

Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were not House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next. adjourn to

present; yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr. Speaker . Monday.

took the Chair; and having again counted the House, Mr. Gascoyne reported from the Committee, to whom Bill to amend and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the last Workmen s Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prevent £blT."d, iirft put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock. unlawful Combinations of Workmen," was commit- and re-com- ted; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and nilt, ed *

made several Amendmants thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read.

And the House being informed that several other

Amendments arc necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to 3 Committee of the whole House.

VOL .55. ‘ 9E Resolved,

v. prefer, ted.

New South

Si rra Leona *

750 110 Julii. A. 1800.

Replied, Tlut this House will, upon Morn-

big next, rdblve iiself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, Tlut l'uch a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be tufficient for the life of the Members of the House.

Mr. Long presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command, '

An Estimate of the further Sum that may be necessary to discharge Bills drawn from New South , and which will become due in the Course of the Year 1800: And also.

An Estimate of the Expence of the Civil Establish-

ment at Sierra Leona, for One Year, to the 3 ill December 1800: And also,

Ap Estimate of the probable Sum that may be necessary to liquidate the Demands of the St. Domingo Claimants, now under Consideration of the Board appointed to investigate them: And also,

An Account of the Sum that will be necessary to discharge the Demands outstanding for Balances of Accounts for Surveys, &c, made by Direction of the late Commissioners for enquiring into the State of the Woods and Forests.

And the Titles of the said Estimates and Account were read.

The said Estimates and Account are as followeth;

An ESTIMATE of the further Sum that may be necessary to discharge Bills drawn from New South

and which will become due in the Course of the Year 1800.

Whitehall, July 8.th, 1800.

Thirty Thousand Pounds.

John King.

An ESTIMATE of the Expence of the Civil Establishment at Sierra Leona, for One Year, to the jift

December 1800.

Governor and Chief Justice, in full of Salary, and all Allowances for entertaining Native Chiefs, Tuble, &c. ——

Two Members of Council, and Assistant Judges -

Secretary and Accountant ——

One Clerk for D° - -

Surveyor and Regift er -

One Clerk for D ——

Chaplain -

Clerk of the Crown and Coroner -

Mayor's Court; viz. Mayor, Four Aldermen, a Marshal and Deputy Marshal, Clerk of the Court, Repairs, &c. of Court House - - - - - - '-

Two Surgeons ——

Contingencies, including Stationary, Medicines, Repair of Public Buildings, and Servants Passages ——

Agent - - - 7 - -

800

600

250

100

200

100

1S°

5°

'650

350

600

150

s.

4,000 —

Sierra Leona Office, 1 ft July 1800.

Henry Thornton,

Chairman to the Court of Directors of the Sierra Leona Company.

St. Domingo Office, 7th July 1800.

An ESTIMATE of the probable Sum that may be necessary to liquidate the Demands of the St. Domingo Claimants, now under Consideration of the Board appointed to investigate them.

ift. Negroes furnished for the Public Service, and their Value remaining unpaid id. Various other Supplies - - D° - - - - D° -

3d. Property sequestered, and applied to the Public Service - - .

4th. Military Demands left unsettled -

5th. Advances to Proprietors in Cirqumstances requiring immediate Relief -6th. Current Contingencies - -

I- s- d.

30,000 —

20,000 —

15,000 -

12,000 ——

6.000 -

2.000 — —

I-

85,000 ——

Rob' Mackenzie. John Murray. William *

The Sum 9f Fifty Thousand, Part of the above Sum of Eighty-five Thousand Pounds, may be

wanted in the Course of the present Year 1800.

Rob' Mackenzie. John Murray. William O'Brien.

An

Sr. Domit Claimants.

Surveys of Wood and FoiciU.

40 Geo. III.

ii

Julii.

75 *

An ACCOUNT of the Sum that will be rteceflary to discharge the Demands outstanding for Balance# of Accounts for Surveys, &c. made by Direction of the late Commissioners for enquiring into the State of the Woods and Forests.

One Thousand Pounds, as statrtl by the Taid Commissioners.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, nth July 1800.

Charles Long.

Ordered, That the said Efli mates and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Message from the Lords, relative to the Inclosure of Waste Lands.

Door; he was called in j and at the Baf, presented to the House, pursuant to the‘r Orders,

N° 1. An Account of Stock, per Computation, of the E India Company (exclusive of the Capital Stock) A Messagefrom Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. from the ift March 1799 to the ift March 1800: And

Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, that the Lords having taken into their Consideration the Resolutions of the Commons, communicated to their Lord[1 lips on Monday the 19th Day of May last, relative to the Inclosure and Improvement of the Waste Lands in this Kingdom, have come to the following Resolutions:

Refo/ved, That, in order to promote the Cultivation and Improvement of the Wade, Uninclosed, and Unproductive Lands, Commons, Common Arable Fields, and Common Meadows, in this Kingdom, it may be expedient to adopt such Regulations as would diminish the Expence of inclosing and improving the same, under the Authority of Parliament.

also,

N° 2. An Account of the Amount of all Goods sold at the East India Company's Sales from the ift March

1799 to the ift March 1806.

Together with a List of the said Accounts.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed as shall be sufficient for the U£e of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preservfed amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order,

Refo/ved, That, in order to diminish the Expence of a Bill for permitting,-for a Time to be limited, Salt to be

Bills of Inclosure, it may be expedient that Regulations should be adopted by the Two Houses of Parliament, for the Admission of Affidavits, authenticated by the Certificate of One or more Magistrates, as sufficient Evidence of the Notices, the Consents, and the Allegations, in the Preamble of such Bills, instead of the Parole Evidence now required ,unless where the latter should appear at the Time to be necessary from particular Circumstances.

Resolved, That, for the same Purpose, it may be expedient that a general Law should be passed, comprizing

Salt Bill, presentod.

used Duty free, for the Purpose of preserving Fish taken in the North Sea, for the Supply of the London Markets: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That, the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Accounts ordered:

Customs, Ex-eife,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Totals of Customs, Excise, Stamps, Inci-all such Provisions as by Experience have been found dents, and Duties, pro Annis 1793, 1794, 1795, 1796, necessary in most Bills of Inclosure, to which all- such 1797, 1798, 1799, and .1800, in the Quarters ended Bills in future might refer. the 5th July 1799 and 5th July 1800.

Refo/ved, That, in order to diminish other Expences Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Consolidaed incidental to Bills of Inclosure, it may be expedient that count of the Income of,- and Charges upon, the Confo- F"n<,> Provision should be made in such general Law for taxing lidated Fund, for the Quarter ending the 5th of July the Charges of the Solicitor and the Clerks, and regu- 1800. fating the Conduct of the Commissioners, and preventing any unnecessary Delay in carrying such Bills into Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or- Printer's in-Eiled. der, a Bill to indemnify all Persons who have printed, d«mmty_BiHf

Refo/ved, That, in the same of Bills for the foie Pur- published, ordifperfed, or who shall publish, or disperse, pole of inclosing small Tracts of Land, not exceeding any Papers, printed under the Authority of the Corn-Three Hundred Acres, it maybe expedient to provide, missioners or Head Officers of any Public Boards, from that such Bilis should be considered, as to the Payment of all Penalties incurred by reason of the Name and Place Fees, only as Single Bills; and that those for the Inclo- of Abode of the Printer of such Papers not being printed lure of smaller T rads of Land, not exceeding One thereon: And the same was received; and read the First

Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the liqd Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

presented.

Day appointed ^or coniidtnng it.

East India Company's -Accounts, presented.

Hundred Acres, should be subjectonly to the Payment of Halt the Bill Fees due on a Single Bill; the Admeasurement; in both Cafes, to be proved in the same Manner as is proposed by the Second Resolution regarding Notices and Consents.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Message be taken into Conflation upon Monday Morning next.

The House being informed that Mr. Owen (from the Directors of the East India Company) attended at the

V on. 55.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for erecting a Laza-rette on Chetney Hill, in the County of Kent, and for

reducing into One Act the Laws relating to Quarantine, and for making further Provision therein, be now read the Third Time. .

The said Bill w^s accordingly:read the Third Time.

6 jThe

Quarantine Bill, passed.

752

ii° Julii. A. 1800.

M

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. 1.40. After " them" to insert " or the Lord " High Treasurer for the Time " being, from and after the passing " of this Act."

Pr. 6.1.14. To leave out from " fame" to " to" in 1. 17.

1. 25. To leave out " Day of the."

1. 37. After " them" to insert " or the Lord " High Treasurer for the Time " being."

Pr. 13.1. 26. After " by" to insert " Proclamation, " or by."

Pr. 13.1.40. After " Falmouth" to insert "and also " so much as relates to the Performance of Quarantine, of an " Abl, passed in the Thirty-ninth " Year of His present Majesty's " Reign, intituled, "An Act toen-. " courage the Trade into the ' " vant Seas, by providing a more

convenient Mode of performing Quarantine, and for reducing the Duty, granted by an Act of the " last: Session, on Goods, the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported " to any Place within The " of G'tbraltarand to leave out " any " and insert " every " instead thereof.

Pr. 16. 1. 1. To leave out "relating" and insert " in so far as the same do or may " be deemed or construed to relate," instead thereof.

1. 2. After " Quarantine " to insert " and " to be."

Pr. 27. I.22. To leave out " Comptroller."

l!35. To leave out " Comptroller" and insert " principal Officer" instead thereof.

Pr. 33.1.16. To leave out " as aforesaid."

Pr. 33.1. 26. To leave out " Customer, Comptroller."

To leave out from " thereunto" to " or" in 1. 31.

To leave out " where " and insert " when" instead thereof.

To leave out V Customer, Comptroller."

To leave out " or any of their Deputies."

To leave out " Customer, Comptroller."

1.3° 1- 34-Pr. 36.1.12.

1.14. Pr. 37.1. 6. 1.12. 1. 19. 1. 20. I.28.

1. 29. 1.20. I.31.

I38.

1.40. Pr. 38.1. 1.

Pr.39.1. 7. Pr. 42.1. 13.

To leave out from "aforesaid" to "or" in 1. 13.

To leave out " Customer, Comptroller."

To leave out from " Officer" to the first " or" in 1. 21.

To leave out from " in" to the first " or" in 1. 29, and insert " England " ox Scotland respectively" instead thereof.

To leave out the last "or."

To leave out " or."

After " chief" to insert " or chief " Magistrate."

To leave out " Two" and insert " Three or more."

To leave out " or."

After " chief" to insert " or chief

" Magistrate."

To leave out " or After " Cafes" to insert " " tively." i

respect

Pr. 44.1. 22. After " Effedl" to insert "except as is " hereinbefore otherwise provided."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for erecting a Lazarette on Hill, in

the County of Kent, and for reducing into One Act the Laws relating to Quarantine, and for making further Provision therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Douglas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. (from the Exchequer) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Totals of Customs, Excise, Stamps, Incidents, Duties, pro A,mis 1793, 1794, 1793, 1790, 1797, 1798, 1799, and 1800, in the Quarters ended 5th July 1799 and 3th j'u'y 1800: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills issued by virtue of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills to a limited " Amount, and in the Manner therein mentioned, for " the Relief of the Merchants of Liverpool and Lancaster," dillinguishing such of them as have been paid off and discharged.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the First of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Douglas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectual Prevention of Depredations on the River Thames, and in its Vicinity, and to amend an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent the committing of Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Burn Bouts, and other Boats upon the River Thames: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved ', That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Bill to give further Time for the' Payment, on the Conditions to be therein mentioned, of Instalments on certain Loans advanced to the House of Alexander Houjloun and Company, to Charles , El-

quire, and to William Johnstone, Esquire, being Persons connected with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon Friday last, was made from the Committee, appointed to enquire into the State of the Public Records of this Kingdom, and of such other Public Instruments, Rolls, Books, and Papers, as they shall think proper; and to report to the House the Nature and Condition thereof, together with what they shall judge fit to be done for the better Arrangement, Preservation, and more convenient

A^c awnts,

pt cLtdoJ.

CultcKT S, Clft, &c.

Exchequer

Kiils

L<Vct|»Ool

Mcrcnjujts.

Thames D--

prcJati orsBily pieleni&i.

Giena'li, &C Jultaimcms Bill, com ini ud.

R( folu^on for I refs ie Ipcciing ihc Public iic-

'CottJU. ]

1

Commute *

appoincrd to draw up Ad-drefi.

Report, referred.

Papers relative to the Prison in Cold Bad Fields, ordered.

Address reported, and greed to.

40 Geo. Ill, 110 Julii. 753

nient Ule of the fame, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved ', That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, together with a Copy of the said Report, humbly desiring His Majesty that He will be graciously pleased to give such Directions upon the several Matters therein contained, as His Majesty in His great Wisdom shall think proper for the better Arrangement, Preservation, and more convenient Use, of the Public Records of the Kingdom; and to allure His Majesty that, whatever extraordinary Expence shall be incurred for these Purposes, this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. , Lord Viscount Be/grave, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Charles

The Lord Arden, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Eliot, Mr. Rose, Sir John William Anderson, Mr. Baker, Mr. Manners Sutton, Mr. Bragge, or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw, immediately, into the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Presentment of the Grand Jury of the County of Middlesex, at the General Sessions of the Peace, holden for the said County, at the Sessions House of Clerkenwell Green, on the 27th Day of May last, relative to the State of the Prison in Cold Bath Fields.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-' posed. That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Representations made to the Justices of the County of Middlesex, at their General and General Quarter Sef-

lions, at Clerkenivill, by the Grand or Traverse Juries,

on the Subject of the State of the Prison in Cold Bath Fields, and the Condition and Treatment of the Prisoners there, since the ift of January 1800; distinguilliing the Dates of the different Representations;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding at the End thereof thele Words, " together with Copies of the Proceedings of the Juf- tices thereupon."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there added;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, lo amended, being put;

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Representations made to the Justices of the County of Middlesex, at their General and General

Quarter Sessions, at Clerkenwell, by the Grand or Tra-verse Juries, on the Subject of the State of the Prison in Cold Bath Fields, and the Condition and Treatment of the Prisoners there, since the ill of January 1800; distinguilliing the Dates of the different Representations; together with Copies of the Proceedings of the Justices thereupon.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That there be laid before this House a Copy of any Letter, and of any Paper inclosed therein, respecting the Prison in Cold Bath Fields, sent by the Foreman of the Traverse Jury, who vifned that Prison on the 30th of May last, to the Foreman of the Traverse Jury of the present Session.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Mr. Abbot reported from the Committee, appointed to draw up the Address to be presented to His Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is a« followeth; viz,

Yol 55.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, having taken into our Consideration the State of the Public Records of this Kingdom, and the Necessity of providing for the better Arrangement, Preservation, and more convenient Use of the fame, humbly beg Leave to lay before Your Majesty the Report of our Proceedings thereon; and to represent to Your Majesty, that in several of the principal Offices we have found the Public Records preserved with great Order and Regularity, and in some few with a Method and Care which are exemplary; but that, in many of the most important Offices, they are wholly unarranged, undeferibed, and unascertained; that some of them are exposed to Erasure, Alteration, and Embezzlement, and others are lodged in Places where they are daily perishing by Damp, or incurring a continual Rilk of Dcstruction by Fire.

A Period of nearly Seventy Years has elapsed since the last general Parliamentary Inquiry upon this Subject; and, during this Interval of Time, the Change which has taken place in the Language and written Character of Judicial Proceedings, as well as the large Accumulation of Materials which has been progressively superadded in every Department, have increased the Difficulties of methodizing the several Repositories, or applying their Contents to Purposes of practical Use.

In the Course of our Inquiry, we have found that many of the Public Buildings allotted to these Uses, and especially those Buildings which belong to Your Majesty's Exchequer in all its Branches, comprehending the An-tient Records and Muniments of the Rights and Possessions of the Crown, and the Vouchers and Accounts of the Public Revenues and Expenditure, are in a State so incommodious and insecure, as to require immediate Attention.

It has also appeared to us, that the salutary Measures heretofore adopted, by Your Majesty's Authority, for methodizing the Contents of some of the principal Repositories of Your Majesty's Records and Papers of State, might also be extended to many other Repositories, with Consequences highly beneficial to the Public Service.

And the same Motives which encouraged our Predecessors to intreat Your Majesty's Directions for printing the antient Records of Domesday and the Rolls of Parliament, have also induced us to submit to Your Majesty's Wisdom our Desire of extending the same Measure to other antient and valuable Monuments of our History, Laws, and Government.

Your faithful Commons do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty, that You will be graciously pleased to give such Directions as Your Majesty, in Your great Wisdom, shall think fit, for the better Preservation, Arrangement, and more convenient Use, of the Public Records of this Kingdom.

And we beg Leave further to assure Your Majesty, that whatever extraordinary Expences may be incurred by the Directions which Your Majesty, in Your great Wisdom, shall think fit to give on this Occasion, shall be cheerfully provided for and made good by Yout faithful Commons.

The said Address being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Com1 mittee in the said Address to be presented to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

The House being informed that Mr. Skelton (Deputy Clerk of the Peace of the City of )attended at the

Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Older,

An Account of the Annual Amount of the Poor's

9 F Rates

Account of Amount of Poor's Rates presented.

Treason Bill, reported.

Insane Offenders Bii!, reported.

Brouqucns Nat. Bill, passed.

T ulleken's Nat. Bill, passed.

Account of Renta) cf certain K dates

in Middieicx, pveftnted.

754 11° — 14 ' A. 1800.

Rates in the several Parishes within the City, and how they are assessed.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie ypon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst: the other Papers of this Section.

Ordered, That the Report of the several Bills, which were directed to be reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating Trials for High Treason, and Misprision of High Treason, in certain Cafes, and for the safe Custody of Inlane Persons charged with Offences, was committed, be now received.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do make the said Report.

Mr. Attorney General accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had gone through the First of the said Bills, for regulating Trials for High Treason, and Misprision of High Treason, in certain Cafes; and had direct ed the same to be reported to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Attorney General also reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had gone through the other of the said Bills, for the safe Custody of Insane Persons charged with Offences, and had made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And Notice being taken that Forty Members w'ere not present; the Iloule was told by Mr. Speaker; and Forty Members not being present, and it Jaeing then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Queliion tirib put, till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Ciock.

L unce, 14.0 die julii;

Anno 40° Georgii III"1 Regis, 1800. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Joachim Vital de Boubee de Brenqueue, an Infant, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 3. To leave out " Nine" and insert " Ten" instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing John Joachim Vital de Boubee de Brouquens, an Infant.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John , was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing John Tulleken.

Ordered, That Mr. John P do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Stirling (Deputy

Clerk of the Peace for the County of Middlesex) attend- *

ed at the Door; lie was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Rentals of Estates in the several Parishes and Places therein mentioned within the County of Middlesex, taken from the Returns made by the Parish Officers at Michaelmas 1799.-

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account w'as read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers, and Trustees, of the Poor of the Parish of Leonard,

Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, on Behalf of themselves, and the Inhabitant Householders of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for authorizing an additional Rate to be made within the Bills of Mortality, and the Parishes of Saint Pancras and Saint Mary for the Relief

of indigent Persons, for a Time to be limited; and Setting forth, That the said Bill, if passed into a Law, and particularly in its present Form, would prove extremely prejudicial to the Petitioners, and to the Inhabitants of other Parishes, without promoting the Advantage of the Indigent, whom it is intended to relieve: And therefore praying, That 'the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be permitted to be heard, by Counsel, against the Principle of the said Bill, and against; several Clauses therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to restrain all Trusts and Directions in Deeds or Wills whereby the Profits or Produce of Real or Personal Estate shall be accumulated, and the beneficial Enjoyment thereof postponed beyond the Time therein limited;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " now," in order to add, at the End of the Question, the Words " Tomorrow " Morning."

And the said proposed Amendment was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn..,-

Then the main Question being put. That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, { "a(lcr of t,lc Ro!ls'} jo.

51 Mr. Simeon.,) J

Tellers for the Noes, } 3-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative?.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, Declaring in what Cafes the Restrictions of the Ad shall take Effect as to Wills made before the passing thereof.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill; and is as followeth; viz.

" Provided also, and be it Enacted, That the Restrictions in this Act contained shall take Effect, " and be in Force, with respect to Wills and Testaments made and executed before the passing " of this Act, in such Cales only where the Devisor " or Testator shall be living, and of found and disposing Mind, after the Expiration of Twelve " Calendar Months from the passing of this Act."

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Simeon do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed

to

Petition from St. Leonard's

Shoreditch, against London Poor Rciiet Bill.

Deeds and Wills Restriction Bill, puffed, with Amendments.

40 Geo. III . 140 Julii. 755

to the same; with some Amendments} to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Petition of the The House being informed that One of the Sheriffs

Londo|at °n of t^ie City London, attended at the Door; he was

against London ca^ed in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

Poor Belief A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council af-

sembled.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Taking Notice of the Bill for authorizing an additional Rate to be made within the Bills of Mortality, and the Parishes of Saint Pancras and Saint Maryle Bon, for the Relief of indigent Persons,

for a Time to be limited; and Setting forth, That the several Parishes within the City of London have been and are able to make Provision for the Relief of their respective Poor, and are not in Want of any Aid for that Purpose from Parishes out of the Limits of the said City; and that the said Bill proposes an improper and unnecessary Violation of the exclusive Jurisdiction of the Magistracy of the City, by giving to the Justices of the Peace for the Counties of Midd/efexand Surrey, and for the City of Westminster, a concurrent Authority to tax and rate the several Parishes within the said City, for carrying the Purposes of the said Bill into Execution: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Agents, Coun-' fel, and Witnesses, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, or the several Parishes within the City of London, and that it may not pal's into a Law as it now Hands.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Bill, put off The Order of the Day being read, for the Second for Three Reading of the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

upon this Day Three Months.

certain Dutch Ships of War surrendered to His Majesty's Fleet, and in Regiments in the Pay of His Majesty; and to enable any such Natives to enlist as Soldiers in such Regiments, under certain Restrictions.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed hint to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee \ to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Grenada,&c. upon the Bill to give further Time for the Payment, on bSu. em the Conditions to be therein mentioned, of Instalments on certain Loans advanced to the House of Alexander Honjloun and Company, to Charles Ashveell, Esquire, and to William Johnstone, Esquire, being Persons connected

with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. William Dundas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

India Government Bill, passed.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Supply, deferred.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the British Territories in India, and the better Administration of Justice within the same, be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 17. 1. 7. To leave out " or Offenders."

1. 16. After " his" to insert " or," and to leave out " or their."

1. 22. 1

and >To leave out " or Offenders."

23J

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the British Territories in India, and the better Administration of Justice within the lame.

Ordered, That Mr. William Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

U.eJolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve committee on itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Their Maief- Bill concerning the Disposition of certain Real and Per- Bill.Pl°l>Cny fonal Property of His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, and also the Real and Personal Property of Her Majesty, and of the Queen Consort for the Time being.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Douglas accordingly reported from the said Com- reported;

mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Committee an Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve D »tch Ships, itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the fcc. Bill. Bill to authorize His Majesty to grant Commissions to Natives of the Seven United Provinces, or of the Hereditary States of the Prince of to serve on board

Vol. 55.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill to amend resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Combination the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the last Act, deferred. Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prevent " unlawful Combinations of Workmen

Resolved,

TJumrs Depredations Bill *

CUillllMttCtt *

Printers Indemnity B.ll, commuted.

Salt Bill, com nutted.

B:U t 5 explain Aci respecting D turs on Interne, ordered.

V v^i StO'r.s JMI, ICpolled, and i^-commuted.

75 6 140 Julii. A. 1800.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the more effectual prevention of Depredations on the River , and in its

Vicinity, and to amend an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent the committing of Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Bum Boats, and other Boats, upon the River Thames, be now read.

Anti the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

R.efulvcd, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Older of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to indemnify all l'ersons who have printed, published, or dispersed, or who shall publish, or difpcrfe, any Papers, printed under the Authority of the Commissioners or Head Officers of any Public Boards, from all Penalties incurred by reason of the Name and Place of Abode of the Printer of such Papers not being printed thereon, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for permitting, for a Time to be limited, Salt to be used Duty free, for the Purpose of preserving Fish taken in the North Sea, for the Supply of the London Markets, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Ref hed, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the " better ascertaining and collecting the Duties granted " by several Acts, passed in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the Duties On Income, and to explain and amend the said Acts," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave lie given to bring in a Bill for explaining and amending so much of the said Act as respects the Delivery of Satements to the Commercial Commissioners of London under the Amount of Twenty Pounds: And that Mr. Rede, Mr. Z-cw^, and Mr. Be ay ye, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better preventing the Embezzlement of His Majesty's Naval, Ordnance, and Victualling Stores, was committed, be now received.

Ordered, That Mr. Perceval do make the said Report.

Mr. Perceval accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. RoJ'e took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; wffiich they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning:.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for suspending, for a Time to be limited, the Duties on Foreign Plops imported, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Perceval took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Perceval reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for better regulating the Business of Pawnbrokers, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the ‘whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to render valid Indentures of Apprenticeship of poor Children, and others, made upon improper Stamps, upon certain Conditions, and to indemnify all Persons who may have incurred Penalties thereby.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the several Matters therein " mentioned, and for better securing the Duties on

Certificates, to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, " and others, praftiling in certain Courts of Justice in " Great Britain," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for allowing any Copy, purporting to be, or attested to be, a true Copy of any Indenture, Lease, or other Deed, to be llamped within a limited Time after the ingrossing, writing, or printing thereof.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rose took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

considered.

Committee <m Foreign Hops Bill.

Pawnbrokers Bill, committed.

Committee os Apprenticeship Bill *

Instru&ioa,

r nt;(h Fish-

eries Bill, deieired.

Committee on 1'iencli Wines Bill.

In fane Offenders Bill, deferred.

Committee on Kt port lefpefting Acts of Inclosure, de-icritd.

Report Supply, defen cd.

Confidemtion of Lord's Meifctg^ relucting Waite Lauds, deterred.

Tre'son Bill, dclcnxrd.

Lift Indin C ompany's Revenue Accounts refer: ed to a Com-jr»i ue.

40 Geo. III. X40 — 150 Julii. - 757

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itftlf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue and amend an Act of the laffc Session of Parliament, for continuing several Acts for the Encouragement of the BrFisheries.

Refolded, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for permitting French Wines to be imported into this Kingdom, from the Isles of Jersey, or

Alderney, in Bottles of Flasks.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Long reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill for the safe Custody of insane Persons, charged with Offences, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Mornins;.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to examine what Clauses are usually contained in Acts of Inclosure, and to report to the House such of them as it may appear fit to comprize in One Act.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Message from the Lords, of Friday last, communicating to this House certain Resolutions relative to the Inclosure and Improvement of the Waste Lands in this Kingdom, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning. ♦

Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) for regulating Trials for High Treason, and Misprision of HighTrea- Ion, in certain Cales, be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

MartiS) 150 die "Julii;

Anno 40° Georgii III' 1 Regis, 180a. Prayers.

ORDERED, That the several Accounts and Papers, which were presented to the House upon the 30th Day of June last, and the 4th and 11th Days of this Instant July, by Mr. Ozceu (from the Directors of the Company) be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider o{ the said Accounts and Papers.

Vol. 55.

Mr. Rose, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better preventing the Embezzlement of His Majesty's Naval, Ordnance, and Victualling Stores, Was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Naval Store# re-committed Bill, repoiteJ.

Mr. Long, according to Order, reported from the Com- French wires inittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for per- Bill>u'P01"rd-mitting French Wines to be imported into this Kingdom from the Hies of Guernsey, Jersey, or Alderney, in Bottles or Flasks, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Tabic: Where the Amendment was Twice read ;and, upon the Question. put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, BUi to explain a Bill for explaining and amending so much of an Act, Di?ti«Tnln£ passed in the present ^ession of Parliament, relating to come, pre-the Duties on Income, as respects the Delivery of the Statements to the Commercial Commissioners of under the Amount of Twenty Pounds: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time *

Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the King's Mcf-F(ouse, That he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the the Emperor, same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty thinks it proper to lay before this House, the Copy of a Treaty which has been signed at Vienna, between His Majesty's Minister to that Court, and the Minister Plenipotentiary of the Emperor of Germany, duly authorized for that Purpose.

His Majesty has directed His Ratification of this Treaty to be immediately prepared, and transmitted to Vienna, to be exchanged in due Form with that of the Emperor; but, on Account of the present advanced Period of the Year, His Majesty has thought it belt not to delay communicating to Parliament the Engagements thus entered into; and He recommends it to this House, to adopt such Measures as may be necessary, in order to enable His Majesty to fulfil them.

His Majesty doubts not that He shall fee, in the Conduct of Parliament, in this Conjuncture, an additional Example of that good Faith, Firmness, and Determination, which have uniformly actuated the Councils of this Country; and Fie is persuaded, that His Parliament will concur with Flim in thinking, that, by furnishing the Means for prosecuting the War with Vigour, they best promote the Attainment of Peace, on Grounds

9 G confident

A. 1800.

758 150 Juli't.

confident with the Security and Honour of this Country, and with the Safety and Independence of Eurcpt.

R.

Ordered, That His Majesty's said Most gracious Mef-sage be referred to the Consideration of the Committee ot th.e whole House, to whom it is referred, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Copy of Convention between His Majesty,

and his Majesty the Emperor of the Romans, signed at Vienna, the 20th June 1800 — and Trandation.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

The Copy of the said Convention is preserved amongd the other Papers of this Session; and the said Trandation is as followeth viz.

TRANSLATION of a Convention between His Majesty and the Emperor of the Romans, signed at Vienna, the 20th June 1800.

His Majesty the Emperor of the Romans, King of Hungary and Bohemia, and His Majesty the King of Great Britain, have judged, that it was conformable to the Intered of their Crowns, and to the good of the Common Caul'c, to concert with each other on the bed Manner of giving Effect to the Union of their Efforts against the Common Enemy, in the present Campaign } in consequence of which the Baron de Tkugut, Grand Cross of the Order of St. Stephen, his Imperial Majesty's Minider of Conferences, and Commissary General and Minider Plenipotentiary in his Provinces of Italy, IJlria, and Dalmatia, See. and the Right honourable Gilbert Lord Minto, Peer of Great Britain, One of His Britannick

Majesty's Mod honourable Privy Council, and His Envoy Extraordinary and Minider Plenipotentiary to the Court of Vienna, being furnillied on the Part of their aforesaid Imperial and Britannick Majesties, with the Powers requisite for discussing and arranging this important Object. The said Plenipotentiaries after having respectively exchanged their full Powers, have agreed upon the following Articles:

Article I.

In order to relieve the pressing Necessities of the Finances of his Imperial Majesty, under the enormous Expences already incurred, and which remain to be incurred during the present Campaign, His Britannick Majesty shall advance to his above mentioned Imperial Majesty, by Way of Loan, the Sum of Two Million Pounds Sterling; this Sum shall be divided into Three Parts, and paid at Three different Periods, preferably in Specie, so that the Fird Third, of £.666,666. 13^. 4 shall be paid in the Fird Days of the Month of July, the Second Third of the like Sum in the Fird Days of September; and the remaining Third in the Fird Days of the Month of December.

Article II.

During the whole Continuance of the War, and during the Six Months which shall follow the Conclusion of a Peace between Austria and France, his Imperial Majesty Iliad not be bound to pay any Intered upon the Sum of Two Millions advanced, as dipulated in the preceding Article: Great Britain consenting to take this Charge upon her own Account until the Period above mentioned; but on the Expiration of the Term of Six Months after the Conclusion of Peace, his Imperial Majesty shall pay for the future to the British Government, or to the Individuals who shall be pointed out by the

British Government, an annual Rent, or annual Rents, making altogether the Amount of the Intereds of the

O o

Two Millions advanced; which Intereds shall be calculated at the same Rate, as the Intereds of the Loan

made on Account of the British Government in the pre-> sent Year. His Imperial Majesty shall moreover pay An- nually to the British Government, the Sum of £.20,000 Sterling, at Two Periods, that is to say, £.10,000 every Six Months; which Sum shall be employed in the l'uc-ccfiive Purchase and Reduction of the Principals of the Two Millions, according to the Method adopted by the British Government in its own Loans.

Article III.

Their Impcrialand Britannick Majesties mutually promise each other to carry on the War against the French Republic during the present Campaign, with all possible Vigour, and to employ in it all their respective Means by Land and Sea, concerting together as Occasion shall require, on the most advantageous Manner of reciprocally employing their Forces by Land and Sea, to the support of their Operations against the Common Enemy. H is Imperial Majesty shall be careful to complete his Armies of Germany and of Italy, in Proportion to the Lodes which they have fudained, in order always as far as possible to act against the Common Enemy, the same Number of effective Men conformably to the Statements-which his Imperial Majesty caused to be confidentially Communicated to the British Government, on the opening of the Campaign.

Article IV.

The Bavarian Troops, those of and the

Szvifs Regiments, in the Pay of Great Britain, shall be at the Disposition of his Imperial Majesty, to form a Part of his Army in Germany, and to be employed there in Operations against the Enemy, in Conformity to the Conventions and Capitulations concluded on this subject by the King of Great Britain: His Britannick Majesty shall take the necessary Measures for the further Reinforcement of the Army of his Imperial Majesty in Germany, by as great a Number as possible of German and Swiss Troops.

Article V.

Their Imperial and Britannick Majesties engage during the whole Continuance of the present Convention, not to make a separate Peace with the French Republic; without the previous and express Consent of each other. They engage likewil'e not to treat with the Enemy, nor to receive from him any Overtures either for a private Peace, or for a general Pacification, without making, mutually, Communications of them with Opennels, and aiding in every Respect.in perfect Concert.

Article VI.'

The Duration of the present Convention is fixed for the Term of One Year, to be computed from the id of March 1800, until the End of February 1801. From the Month of December, and immediately after the Acquittal of the lad Payment of the dipulated Advances, the Two High contracting Parties shall enter into Deliberation and confidential Explanation, upon the Determinations that they may think necessary to adopt for the future, according to Circumstances and their mutual Convenience.

Article VII.

The present Convention shall be ratified in due Form by their Imperial and Britannick Majesties, and the respective Ratifications diall be exchanged at Vienna, in the Space of Six Weeks, or sooner, if possible.

In Witness whereof. We, the undersigned, furnished with the full Powers of their Imperial and Britannick Majesties, have, in their Names, signed the present Convention, and have affixed thereunto the Seal of our Arms.

Done at Vienna, the Twentieth of June, in the Year 1800.

(L. S.) Le Baron de Thugut.(L. S.) Minto.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Mr.

4o Geo. III.

15° Julii.

759

Sment&e William Dundas, according to Order, reported

BJi,reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to give further Time for the Payment, on the Conditions to be therein mentioned, of Instalments on certain Loans advanced to the House of Alexander and Company, to Charles Esquire, and to Wil-

liam Johnstone, Esquire, being Persons connected with, and trading to, the Blands of Grenada and Saint was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then, ingrafted.

foreign Hops Mr. Perceval, according to Order, reported from the mil, reported. Committee of, the whole House, to whom the Bill for l'ufpending, for a Time to be limited, the Duties on Foreign Hops imported, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Apprentice- Mr. Rose, according to Order, reported from the ported!U,r " Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to render valid Indentures of Apprenticeship of poor Children and others made upon improper Stamps, upon certain Conditions, and to indemnify all Persons who may have incurred Penalties thereby, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had diraded him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

authorize His Majesty to grant Commissions to Natives of the Seven United Provinces, or of the Hereditary States

of the Prince of Orange, to serve on board certain Dutch Ships of War surrendered to His Majesty's Fleet, and in P^cgiments in the Pay of His Majesty, and to enable any such Natives to enlist as Soldiers in such Regiments, under certain Restrictions, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

The LorJs have agreed to

[ House of Commons Offices Bill.

Lan caster Com r of Common Picas Bill. i

1

t ^utch &c. Bill, vc- portevi.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Popham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for establishing certain Regulations in the Offices of the House of Commons; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Practice, and for preventing Delays in the Proceedings, of the Court of Common Pleas at Lancaster; without any Amendment.

And then the Mcftengers withdrew.

Mr. Douglas according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to

Vol. 55.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately', resolve Committre on itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider E^itauonof of prohibiting the Exportation of Rice, for a Time to be limited.

The House Accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Long reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Long accordingly reported from the said Com- reported, mittee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Exportation of Rice be prohibited, fora Time to be limited.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Long, Mr. Rose, and Mr.

Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to their Further Pro-Order, .

Further Proceedings of the Lords Commissioners of re % «ing c«r-His Majesty's Treasury, or in consequence of Directions tain. from them, respecting several Offices concerned in the pi enl Receipt and Expenditure of the Public Money, in Addition to the Papers presented to the House of Commons on the 12th January and 19th February 1798, and 18 th June 1799.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preferred amongst: the other Papers of this Section.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, fof the House Bill to amen J to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in adcrrcJ. the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Committee on Report reljKcl-ing Acts of inclosure.

reported.

ordered.

Crmm.tttee on Th tines De-jitdutions Bill.

C '-vir.it: — on Ri n ters In-J. m ity Bui.

I5° Ju

A\ 1800.

Resolved, That this House will, upon ThnrJJay Morning next, resolve itfelf4n the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to examine what Clauses are usually contained in Acts of inclosure, and to report to the House such of them as it may appear fit . to comprize in One Act, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House was moved. That the Third of the Rc-solutions which, upon the 7th Day of last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Selcft Committee appointed to consider of the most effectual Means of facilitating, under the Authority of Parliament, the inclosure and Improvement of the Waste, Uninclosed, and Unproductive Lands, Commons, Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, and Common of Pasture, in this Kingdom, and which were agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth;

" Re/clved, That, for the same Purpose, it may be

" expedient that a General Law should be passed, comprizing all such Provisions as by Experience have been " found necessary in most Bills of inclosure; to which " all such Bills in future might refer."

Ordered, That the said Resolution be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Douglas accordingly reported from the said Committee, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of inclosure.

And Mr. Douglas moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of inclosure: And that Mr. Mr.

Hu fey, Mr. Charles Yorke, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more eft'eftual Prevention of Depredations on the River Thames, and in its Vicinity, and to amend an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent the committing of Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Bum Boats, and other Boats, upon the River be now

read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Abbot took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Abbot reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

9

the Bill to indemnify all Persons who have printed, published, or dispersed, or who shall publish or dil'perse, any Papers, printed under the Authority of the Commissioners or Head Officers of any Public Boards, from all Penalties incurred by reason of the Name and Place of Abode of the Printer of such Papers not being printed thereon, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Long reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Pawnbrokers upon the Bill for better regulating the Business of Pawnbrokers, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. ' -

Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Long reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this Ploufe will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to permit, for a Time to be limited, the Importation of SwedijhHerrings into Great Britain.

Swedish Herrings Bill, defeired.

The Order of the Day.being read, for the Third Their Ma-Reading of the Bill (now ingross'ed) concerning the , r®t>er Disposition bf certain Real and Personal Property of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and also of the Real and Personal Property of Her Majesty, and of the Queen Consort for the Time being;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.'

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to British FHh-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue and amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for continuing several Acts for the Encouragement of the British Fisheries;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into fur- Insane off>n-ther Consideration the Report of the Bill for the safe dt"

Custody of Insane Persons charged with Offences;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report Supply Report from the Committee of the whole House, to Jetcncd-whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Treason Bill, Reading of the ingross'ed Bill for regulating Trials for t,e trrc‘l High Treason, and Misprision of High Treason, in certain Cafes, be now read.

And

Papers relative to the Prison in Cold Bath Fields, pre-icnted.

Committee appointed to eon-fider of enlarging the House of Commons.

Committee of Ways and Means.

40 Geo. III. 15 — I 6 761

And the said Order being fead accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

next, relblvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuric 16 die Julii 5

Anno 40° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1800, Praters.

THE House being informed that Mr. Stirling (deputy Clerk of the Peace for the County of -

/ex) attended at the Door, he was called in) and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, Copy of the Proceedings of the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, upon the Representations made to them by the Grand and Traverse Juries, on the Subject of the State of the Prison in Cold Bath , and the Condition and Treatment of the Prisoners there, since the 1 ft Day of January 1800; inclosing,

Copy of the Presentment of the Grand Jury of the County of Middlesex, at the General Sessions of the Peace, holden for the said County, at the Sef- hons House on Clerkenwell , on the 27th Day of May last, relative to the State of the Prison in Cold Bath Fields: And also,

Copy of the Representation made to the Justices of the County of Middlesex, at their General Session of tlTe Peace, on the 5th Day of June 1800, by the Traverse Jury.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read:

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongfk the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to Consider of a Plan, to be submitted to His Majesty, for enlarging the House of Commons, in consequence of the Union between Great Britain and Ireland:

And a Committee was appointed, of Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary , Mr. Secretary

at War, the Mailer of the Rolls, Mr. , Mr. Steele, Mr. Hawkins Browne, Mr. B Lord Viscount Bel-grave, Mr. Charles Yorke, Mr. Perceval, the Lord Hawke/bury, Mr. Abbot: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a . Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to- His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth took the Chair of the Committee *

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John-Smyth reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. John Smyth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Vol. 55.

Mr Douglaspresented to the House, according to Tndo<Wfs_ Order, a Bill for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure: And the same limed: was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr, Abbol, according to Order reported from the Thame be-Committee of the whole House to whom the Bill for *

the more effectual Prevention of Depredations on the River Thames, and in its Vicinity, and to amend an Act,

made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent the committing of Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Bum Boats, and other Boats, upon the River Thames, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second 'Fime, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the -House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be:

ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Mr, Rose pfefented to the House, according to Order, bhi to proiu-a. Sill to prohibit the Exportation of Rice, for a Time to J>it 'he Expor be limited: And the same was received; and read the pXfcut«d.R'CC/ First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have laid before the House, an Account of the Money granted for the Year 1798, examined and passed by the Cursitor Baron of the Exchequer, as required by an Act of the 23d Geo. II. for extending and improving the Trade to Africa; and that the various Expences to which the Establishments in Africa are subject have risen in so great a Degree, and the Price of the Articles necessary for the Maintenance thereof, as also the Freight and Insurance, have been so much advanced, that it is found impossible to keep the Forts in any tolerable Degree of Security with the usual Annual Supply; the same Grant producing not much more than One Half of what it formerly yielded, and in consequence the Petitioners are getting so much in Debt for the Public Service, and the Fortifications so greatly out of Repair, that it is altogether impossible to answer for the Security of the same without a more adequate Provision: And that, as in Consideration of these Circumstances, the House has, on former Occasions, been pleased to grant to the Petitioners the Sum o{ f. 20,000, and the Petitioners, being sensible of the great Regard shewn by the House for the Preservation, Extension, and Improvement of the Trade to and for the De-

fence and Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements on that Goaft necessary thereto, therefore pray the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and

9 H grant

African Com pany's Petition.

Their Mi-jefttes Property Bill, patted *

Treason Bill, patted *

Keport on Itt-

fane Offenders Bill, further coniidcied.

Printers Indemnity Bill, reported.

762 \6° Juliu 1800.

grant such Sum as may be sufficient as well for the Expences already incurred, and not provided for, as for the extra Expences before dated, and likewise for the effectual permanent Support and Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, Tint the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrafted Bill concerning the Disposition of certain Real and Personal Property of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and also of the Real and Personal Property of Her Majesty, and of the Queen Con-fort for the Time being, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bi'l do pal's: And that the Title be. An Act concerning the Disposition of certain Real and Personal Property of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and also of the Real and Personal Property of Her Majesty, and of the Queen Consort for the Time being.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for regulating Trials for High Treason, and Misprision of High Treason, in certain Cafes, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Revived, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for regulating Trials for High Treason, and Misprision of High Treason, in certain Cafes.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report of the Bill for the safe Custody of Insane Persons charged with Offences, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Mr. Long, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House to whom the Bill to indemnify all Persons who have printed, published, or difi-period, or who shall ^ublish, or disperse, any Papers, printed under the Authority of the Commissioners or Head Officers of any Public Boards, from all Penalties incurred by reason of the Name and Place of Abode of the Printer of such Papers not beings printed thereon, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) to render valid Indentures of Apprenticeship of poor Children and others made upon improper Stamps, upon certain Conditions, and to indemnity all Persons w'ho may have incurred Penalties thereby, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to render valid Indentures of Apprenticeship of poor Children and others made upon improper Stamps, upon certain Conditions, and to indemnify all Persons who may have incurred Penalties thereby, and for allowing attested Copies of Indentures, Leases, or Deeds, to be stamped after the ingrafting, writing, or printing thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Perceval do carry the Bill to t,he Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for the better preventing the Embezzlement of His Majesty's Naval, Ordnance, and Victualling Stores, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better preventing the Embezzlement of His Majesty's Naval, Ordnance, and Victualling , Stores.

Ordered, That Mr. Perceval do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to give further Time for the Payment, on the Conditions to be therein mentioned, of Instalments on certain Loans advanced to the House of Alexander Houjloun and Company, to Charles

Ashwell, Esquire, and to William Johnstone, Esquire, being Persons connected with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to give further Time for the Payment, on the Conditions therein mentioned, of Instalments on certain Loans advanced to the House of Alexander Houfloun, and Company, to Charles Ashwell, Esquire, and to William John/lone, Esquire, being Persons connected with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and Vincent.

Ordered, That Mr. Douglas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Papers, which were this Day presented to the House by Mr. Stirling, Deputy Clerk of the Peace for the County of Middlesex,' be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That there be laid before this House, a Copy of any Communication, made since the 29th of April la ft, by any Traverse Jury to the Justices in Sessions for the County of Middlesex, respecting the Prison in Cold Bath Fields;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to permit, for a Time to be limited, the Importation of Swedish Herrings into Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Long

Apprentice ship Bill, patted.

Naval Store Bill, passed *

Grenada, &c«'

Instalments Kill, pa fled *

Papers to be printed.

Motion for Paper respecting the Prilor in Cold Bath Fields *

Nrg.

Committee on Swcdifti Herrings Bill.

Committee on British Fish-tries Bill.

Supply, deferred.

French Wine Sili9 pilled.

Bill to explain Act respecting Duties on Income, commuted.

Foreign Hops Sill, passed.

Dutch Ships iv'e. Bid, paf-1 cd.

40 Geo. III. 166 — i70 Julii. 763

Mr. Long reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue and amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for continuing several Acts for the Encouragement of the British Fisheries, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly,

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. William Dundastook the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this Hpufe will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for permitting French Wines to be imported into this Kingdom from the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, or Alderney, in Bottles or Flasks, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for permitting French Wines to be imported into this Kingdom from the llks of Guernsey, Jersey, or Alderney, in Bottles or Flasks.

Ordered, That Mr. Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for explaining and amending so much of an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, relating to the Duties cn Income, as respects the Delivery of the Statements to the Commercial Commissioners of under the Amount of Twenty Pounds, was, according to Older, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for suspending, for a Time to be limited, the Duties on Foreign Hops imported, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for suspending, until the Twentieth Day of August One thousand Eight hundred, the Duties on Foreign Hops imported, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Bill (now ingrossed) to authorize His Majesty to grant Commissions to Natives of the Seven United Provinces, or of the Hereditary States of the Prince of Orange, to serve on board certain Dutch Ships of War surrendertd to His Majesty's Fleet, and in Regiments in the Pay of His Majesty; and to enable any such Natives to enlist as Soldiers in such Regiments, under certain Restrictions, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

y°t. 55 .

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to authorize His Majesty to grant Conuniffions to Natives of the Seven United Provinces, or of the Hereditary States of the Prince of Orange, to serve on board certain Dutch Ships of War surrendered to His Majesty's Fleet, and in Regiments in the Pay of His Majesty j and to enable any such Natives to enlist as Soldiers in such Regiments, under certain Restrictions.

Ordered, That Mr. Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

y

Ordered, That Mr. Long do carry to the Lords the ingrossed Bill to repeal an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent Frauds in the buying and selling " of Hops," and for the better Collection of the Duty on Hops, and to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Trade of Hops, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

The other Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That Mr. Long do make the said Report.

Mr. Long accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which they had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-five Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of a Royal Military Asylum for the Reception of the Children of Soldiers.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

jfovis, 170 die Julii j

Anno 40° Georgii III. U Regis, 1800. Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for the more effectual Prevention of Depredations on the River Thames, and in its Vicinity, and to amend an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent the'committing of Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Bum Boats, and other Boats, upon the River Thames, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Depredations on the River Thames, and in its Vicinity, and to amend an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent the committing of Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Bum Boats, and other Boats, upon the River Thames,

Ordered, That Mr. Douglas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, be now read.

And

Air. Long id carry Hops Bill to the Lords.

ReportSupplyi

Asylum for Children of Soldiers.

Thames Depredations Bill, passed.

Inclosures ConsolidarioO Bill, cem.iui-ted.

Account Totals of Cuf-tonis, Excise, See. ordered

Printers Indemnity Bill, passed.

Atcount of Demands Out Handing, prefaced.

Swedish Herrings Kill, repcu ted.

764 if

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved., That the BUI be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Totals of Customs, Excise, Stamps, Inci-

Julii. A. 1800,

dents, and Duties, -pro Aunts 1793, 1794? 1795 1796, 1797, 1798, 1799, and 1800, in the Years ended 5th July 1799 and 5th July 1800.

Mr. Long presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

An Account of Sums which have become or will become due in the present Year on Account of Russian Sub-lidies.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Account of Sums due fol Russian Sub fidies, preienu ed.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to indemnify all Persons who have printed, published, or dispersed, or who shall publish, or disperse, any Papers printed under the Authority of the Commissioners or Head Officers of any Public Boards, from all Penalties incurred by reason of the Name and Place of Abode of the Printer of such Papers not being printed thereon, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do paf1-: And that the Title be, An Act to'indemnify all Pet tons who have printed, published, or difperkd, or who shall publish, or disperse, any Papers, printed under the Authority of the Commissioners or Head Officers of any Public Boards, from all Penalties incurred by reason of the Name and Place of Abode of the Printer of such Papers not being printed thereon.

Ordered, That Mr. Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of Demands outstanding on the 5th Ja-rnaty 1800, which were not then provided for by Parliament.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The fai/1 Account is preserved amongst the other

Papers of this Session.

Mr. Long, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to permit, for a Time to be limited, the Importation of Swedish Herrings into Great Britain, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments wereOncc read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question fcycrally put thereupon, were agreed to by the 1 louse.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-

giolled.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill to prohibit Reading of the Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Rice, I|"n for a Time to be limited, be now read. committed.'

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported to the Answ«rtoA<k House, That their Address of Friday last (that His Ma- dreCs‘ jesty would be graciously pleased to give such Directions as He shall think fit for the better Preservation, Arrangement, and more convenient Ule, of the Public Records of this Kingdom; and to allure His Majesty, that whatever extraordinary Expences may be incurred by the Directions which His Majesty shall think fit to give on this Occasion shall be made good by His faithful Commons) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Address.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Committee oa resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ^fpcain the Bill for explaining and amending so much of an Act, Duties ou in" passed in the present Session of Parliament, relating to the come *

Duties on Income, as respects the Delivery of the Statements to the Commercial Commissioners of London under the Amount of Twenty Pounds, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third TimeTo-morrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Gc/l (from the Accounts pre-Exchequer) attended at the Door, lie was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Consolidat 4 Consolidated Fund, for the Quarter ending the 5th of Fund *

July 1800: And also,

5 An

Culfoms, Ex-«4ic, &c.

Report Ways And Means.

Surplus of

Consolidated

Fund.

Instruction.

Infant Offenders Bill, puffed.

Surinam Governors Indemnity B:ll, VL'lici cd.

40 Geo. III.

7

Julti.

16S

An Account of the Totals of Customs, Excise, Stamps, Incidents, and Duties,/>ra Amis 1793, 1794,179;, 1796, 1797, 1798, 1799, and 1800, for the Years ending 5th July 1799 and 5th July 1800.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Of tiered. That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peruke! by the Members of the House.

The laid. Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. John Smyth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his l ace; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Five Millions Two Hundred Thousand Pounds out of the Monies that Dial! arile of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Douglas, Mr. , Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That the several Resolutions, which, upon the ift Day of April last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

" ReJ'dyed, That, out of the Monies arising by virtue

" of an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign " of His present Majesty, for granting certain Duties " upon Income, there shall and may be issued and applied the Sum of Five Millions Three Hundred " Thousand Pounds, towards making good the Supply " granted to His Majesty, over and above the Sums necessary to discharge the Interest of any Loans which have been charged on the said Duties by any Act or " Acts of Parliament."

" Resolved, That, out of the Monies arising by virtue " of an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty, for granting certain " Duties on Goods imported and exported, and on Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, there shall and may be ifsued and applied the Sum of One Million Two Hundred and Fifty Thousand Pounds, towards making " good the Supply granted to His Majesty."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, That they do make Provision therein pursuant to the said Resolutions.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for the safe Custody of Infaue Persons charged with Offences, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Rejilved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Tit!$ be, An Act for the safe Custody of lnlane Persons charged with Offences.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for indemnifying the Governor of Surinam, or the Person acting as such, for having permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bot-

Vol. 55.

toms, ind for making void all Seizures of Ships, Vessels, or Goo Is, for any Thing done in pursuance of such Per-mission-: And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor Genera , Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr.

Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. ft rMi am Dundas, according to Order, reported Britishi Fifte. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the n"

Bill to continue and amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament-, for continuing several Acts for the Encouragement of the BritishiFilheries, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time '

Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Committee o» resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon worienm's4 the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the last Combinatiun Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prevent Aa *

" unlawful Combinations of Workmen," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com ; mittee, That they have Power to repeal the said Act, and to substitute other Provisions instead thereof.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pirrepont took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Salt Bill, d -resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon fcrred> the Bill for permitting, lor a Time to be limited, Salt to be used Duty free, for the Purpose of preserving Filli taken in the North Sea, for the Supply of the London Markets;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, ac- Surinam according to Order, a Bill for indemnifying the Governor of Surinam, or the Person acting as such, for having per- presented. mitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms, and for making void all Seizures of Ships, Vessels, or Goods, for any Thing done in pursuance of such Permission: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy Statement of of any Statement of the Number of Prisoners in Cold Bath Fields Prison, that may have been communicated in ColJ Ba'.h by the Governor to the Justices since the xft of January Fd^dPnlon last, and of any List of Necessaries wanting, with the ot * Proceedings of the Justices thereon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

9 I

Veneris,

B:l! to amend Workmen' Comb lesion Ait, led

The Lord have agreed to

Mutton, See. Drainage Bill *

Conciliated Fund Bill, Pnicnicd.

Kir.«r % Mef-i-gc for Vote I Credit.

j66 ^8° Juk i8co.

Ordered, That His Majesty's said most Gracious

Message be referred to the Consideration of the Com-V^pnrr's rfi° -d'e ' mittee of the whole House, to whpm it is referred, to

‘ J 9consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Anno 40 Georgii III'" Regis, iSc'o.

Prayers. (

DE RED, That Mr. G do mak« the Report from the Committee of the whole Ho'/fe, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the lad Sdson of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prevent y- unlawful Combinations of Workmen," was re-committed.

Mr. Gascoyne accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, Declaring that this Act shall not extend to repeal the former Act as to Offences committed, or Penalties incurred, before the palTing this Act.

And the said Clause was Twice read j and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill. '

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr.

Pop ham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for draining, embanking, and preserving, divers Tracts of Land within the Township of Mitfron, in the Parish of Hmmanby, and also within sundry other Parishes, Townships, or Places adjoining, or near to the Rivers Derwent and Harford, in the East and North Ridings of the County of York; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying certain Sums of Money therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time To:morrow Morning.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, ligned by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered) j and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

As the State of Public Business may soon enable His Majesty to put an End to the present Session, His Majesty thinks it proper to recommend it to the House of Commons, to consider of making Provision to enable His Majesty to defray such extraordinary Expences (in Addition to those which will be incurred in fulfilling the specific Engagements which Flis Majesty has already directed to be laid before Parliament) and to take such Measurcs as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

R.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to permit, for a Time to be limited, the Importation of Her-

rings into Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to permit, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Importation of Swedish Herrings into Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr.

Popham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for settling Disputes that may arise between Matters and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in that Part of Great Britain called England; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew:

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for explaining and amending so much of an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, relating to the Duties on Income, as respects the Delivery of the Statements to the Commercial Commissioners of London under the Amount of Twenty Pounds, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for explaining and amending so much of an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, relating to the Duties on Income, as respects the Delivery of the Statements to the Commercial Commissioners of London under the Amount of Twenty Pounds.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for indemnifying the Governor of Surinam, or the Person acting as such, for having permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms, and for making void all Seizures of Ships, Vessels, or Goods, for any Thing done in pursuance of such Permission, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to'prohibit the Exportation of Rice, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered,

Swedish Herrings Bill, julTwd.

The Lords have agreed t#

Cotton Manufacturer Bill, with an Amendment *

Bill to explain Act respecting Duties on Income, passed.

Surinam Governors Indemnity Bill committed.

Committee on Bill to prohibit the Expoitaiion of Rice.

Britishi Fishe-

ries Bill, paf-ioi.

Committee on Pawnbrokers U.I.

Committee of Supply.

Accounts, &c»

referred.

Convention *

Russian Subfiles *

Money advanced from Civil List *

Tecs on Compensation for Alogader Ships.

Woi ks at So-rncrlet Place.

Lords Journals.

New South Waks.

Sierra Leona.

St. Domingo C.aiinaius.

40 Geo. III. 18° Juliu 767

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to continue and amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament for continuing several Acts for the Encouragement of the Britishi Fisheries, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand Eight hundred and One, and amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for continuing several Acts for the Encouragement of the British Fisheries.

Ordered, That Mr. Nicholas do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for better regulating the Business of Pawnbrokers.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kofe took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

Ordered, That the Copy of Convention between His Britannick Majesty and his Majesty the Emperor of the Romans, signed at Vienna the 20th June 1800 — and Translation, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Sums which have become or will become due in the present Year on Account of Russian Subsidies, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the further Account of Monies advanced for Public Services from the Civil List, not being Part of the Ordinary Expenditure of the Civil List, and which have not been replaced by Parliament, specifying the general Heads of Service for which any of the said Monies were advanced, and the Total Amount of the Allowance on each Head respectively, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of Fees paid on the Receipt of £.41,400, voted in the present Session of Parliament, as Compensation to several Persons for their Losses in consequence of the Deitruction of certain Ships and their Cargoes from Mogador, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Sums necessary to be iflfued to the Executors of the late Sir William Chambers, to enable them to discharge sundry Bills remaining due to different Workmen, for Works done at Somerset Place, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Sum that will be necessary to defray the Expence of printing the Journals of the House of Lords, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the furthet; Sum that may be necessary to discharge Bills drawn from New South Wales, and which will become due in the Course of

the Year 1800, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of the Civil Establishment at Sierra Leona, for One Year, to the 31st December 1 Soo, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the probable Sum that may be necessary to liquidate the Demands of the St.

Vol. 55.

Domingo Claimants, how under Consideration of the Board appointed to investigate them, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Sum that will be necessary to discharge the Demands outstanding for Balances of Accounts for Surveys, &c. made by Direction of the late Commissioners for enquiring into the State of the Woods and Forestsj be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of sundry Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others Subscribers to an Institution called The Veterinary College, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants af England trading into the Levant Seas, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Presiderit and Members of the Board of Agriculture be referred to the said Committee. *

Ordered, That the Petition of the Trustees of the British Museum, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Davis, of Duke Street Saint George's Fields, was referred, be referred

to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committeei

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutious; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a. Committee of the whole H«use, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Surrey of Wood 1 and Forcfts.

Veterinary College. 1

Turkey Company.

Board of Agriculture.

Britishi Museum.

African Company.

Report on Mr Davis's Pcti^ tion.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Means "'1 Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same *

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morii- Salt Bin, d«-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for permitting, for a Time to be limited. Salt to be used Duty free, for the Purpose of preserving Fish taken in the North Sea, for the Supply of the London Markets.

Arid then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati,

7 <58

Compound

Wut.

Report Supply.

To fulfil En-g.igenieRts with the Emperor of Germany.

D° with the Emperor of Ruiiia.

Copper Coin fv. r New Soulh Wiles.

Police Office at Wapping.

Surveying

RoadiinNjrth

Britain.

Aihhtionnl Clerks in Office for auditing Public Accompis.

Strriemry for X^i'i LI it IlL.iJ, &c.

Sabbat/, 19 die 'Julii;

Anno 409 Georgii III‘" Regis, 1800.

Prayers.

V\R.DERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Grampound, in the County of Com-

zeall, in the room of Bryan Edwards, Esquire, deceased.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a further Sum, not exceeding One Million Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, be granted to Flis Majesty, to enable His Majesty to fulfil the Engagements which His Majesty has entered into with the Emperor of Germany.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five Hundred and Forty-five Thousand Four Hundred and Ninety-four Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to make good such Sums as have or will become due in the Course of the present Year, in Consequence of Engagements with the Emperor of R

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six Hundred Ninety-seven Pounds and Seven Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to William Chinnery, Esquire, at the Receipt

of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to be by him paid over to Mrs. Matthews, for Copper Coin, provided by her for the Use of the Settlement of Nezo South Wales, and which has not been made

good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven Hundred Ninety-seven Pounds Eleven Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to Messieurs and Harriot,

at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for defraying the Expences of a Police Office at trapping, and winch has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six Hundred and Eighty Pounds and Eighteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to George Brown, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for surveying Roads in North Britain, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight Hundred Twenty-leven Pounds and Twelve Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued to BernardCobbe, Esquire, at the Receipt of

the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for an additional Allowance to Clerks in the Office for auditing the Public Accompts, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Flundred Seventy-ieven Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Three Farthings, be granted to HisMajesty, to make good the like Sum, which h as been ifllied to William Chhinery, Esquire, at the Receipt

of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, on Account of Expences of the Settlement of New South Wales, and to discharge Bills for Stationary for Public Service at Ncrjo/k and New South Wales, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

9

Julii. . 1800.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Public Conk That a Sum, not exceeding Three Hundred and Seventy Pounds Nine Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to the Clerks of the House of Commons for Attendance on Public Committees, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Somerset That a Sum, not exceeding Two Thousand Five Hun- I 1 ' dred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be issued to the Executors of the late Sir William Chambers, to enable them to discharge sundry Bills remaining due to different Workmen, for Works done at Somerset Place.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Mogador That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand and Forty- 8h,pt eight Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Fees paid on the Receipt of Forty-one Thousand and Four Hundred Pounds, voted in the present Session of Parliament, as Compensation to several Persons for their Losses in Consequence of the Destruction of certain Ships and their Cargoes from Mogador.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, New South That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty Thousand Pounds, Wale be granted to His Majesty, to discharge Bills drawn from New South Wales, and which will become due in the Course of the Year 1800.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, St. Doming. That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty Thousand Pounds, be Cla, mant' granted to His Majesty, towards liquidating the Demands of the St. Domingo Claimants.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Surveys, See. That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to discharge the Demands outstanding for Balances of Accounts for Surveys, &c. made by Direction of the late Commissioners for enquiring into the State of the Woods and Forests.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Lord jour. That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand and Twenty- "k four Pounds Four Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to defray the Expence of printing the Journals of the House of Lords.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, British Mu That a Sum, not exceeding Three Thousand Pounds, be feuni granted to His Majesty, towards enabling the Trustees of the British Museum to carry on the Execution of the Trulls reposed in them by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Board of That a Sum, not exceeding Three Thousand Pounds, Agriculture, be granted to His Majesty, for the Board of Agriculture, for the Service of the Year 1800.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Turkey Com. That a Sum, not exceeding Five Thousand Pounds, be Pany granted to His Majesty, to be advanced to the Governor, and Company of the Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, to be applied in assisting the said Company in carrying on their Trade.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, veterinary That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand Five Hun- College, dreu Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be applied in Support of an Institution called The Veterinary , for the Year 1800.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, African Fort . That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be employed in repairing, maintaining, and supporting, the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, siern Leona. Thar a Sum, not exceeding Four Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment at Sierra Leona, for One Year, to the 31st Day of December 1800.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Mr. Davit, far That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand Pounds, be his Ulfcoviry. granted to His Majesty, to be paid to Mr. John Davis, upon his making a proper Discovery, for the Use of the

public.

4o Geo. IIL 190 —

Public, of his Method of cleaning and purifying Wheat damaged by Smut, and rendering it fit for the Food of Man.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

1 . < j .

Report Way Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

and Mean . Committee of the whole House, to whom, it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House j which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Exchequer Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Bilb. That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Three Millions Five Hundred Thou-land Pounds be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

9 Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee;

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Three Millions be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

2 . Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the further Sum of Three Millions be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer. Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Pybus, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. , do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the Second of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Pybus, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the last of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Wit.Pybus, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Chnfotidatea A Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of FumI Bin, Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying U"UDI ' certain Sums of Money therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Refo.vcd, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Addref for Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to tapers respea- His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give ing Surinam. Directions that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Proclamation issued by the Governor of Surinam on the 2.6 th Day of February 1800; together with such Representations as may have been made to His Majesty in cohCquence thereof.

Ordered, That the said Address' be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 55.

julii. y6$

LuncZ)21° die Julii;

Anno 40" Georgii IIP1 Regis, 1800.

Prayers. . ,.

MR. Secretary Dundas reported to the House, That AniVerto their Address of Saturday last (.that His Majesty AiWre1 would be gracipufly pleased to give Directions that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Proclamation issued by the Governor of Surinam on the 3.6th Day of February 1800; together with such Representations as may have been made to His Majesty in consequence thereof) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, pur- Paper respr£t-suant to their Address to His Majesty,

Copy of a Petition of the Planters and Merchants of the Colony of Surinam to Governor: And

also,

Copy of a Proclamation issued by the Governor of Surinam on the 26th February 1800: And also,

A Paper intituled, " Captain Erich Ryter's Protest And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Captain Peter Protest

And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Captain Mfes Protest

And also,

Copy of a Memorial from Sir Francis Baring and Co. and Merchants trading to the Colony of Surinam, to Mr.

Secretary Dundas, dated London, 3d July 1800.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for indemnifying the Governor of Surinam, or the Person acting as such, for having permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms, and for making void all Seizures of Ships, Vessels, or Goods, for any Thing done in pursuance of such Permission, is committed.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Staffotd&ir the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for "nt the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Stafford, in the room of the Right honourable Granville Leveson Gower, commonly called Lord Granville Leveson Gower, who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker to issue his Warrant to Bucklrghant the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for ",nt' the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough and Parish of Buckingham, in the County of Buckingham, in the room of the Right honourable Thomas Grenville, who, since his Election for the said Borough and Parish, hath accepted the Places and Offices of Warden and Chief Justice, and Justice in Eyre, of all His Majesty's Forests, Chaces, Parks, and Warrens, on the North Side of the River Tre):t.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Committte resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Supp 7 consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

9 K Mr.

Exchequer

pre-

Icated.

Further Exchequer Bills Bill, presented.

Exchequer Bills Bill, (£3 500,000) piciciued.

Committee on India Company's Revenue Accounts, deferred.

Cor, soli dated Fund Bill, ikiciied.

Statement of Number of Pri-foners in Cold Bath Fields Pi ifon, presented.

Committee on Intlolures C'oniolidation Bill.

770

210 Julii. A. 1800.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Long presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raising the Sum of Three Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Long presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raising the further Sum of Three Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Re/hived, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be" read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Long presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raising the Sum of Three Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Accounts and Papers, which were presented to the House upon the 30th Day of June last, and the 4th and nth Days of this Instant , by Mr. Owen, from the Directors of the East India Company; .

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying certain Sums of Money therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight, hundred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House being informed that Mr. Stirling (Deputy Clerk of the Peace for the County of Middlesex) attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Copy of the Statement of the Number of Prisoners in Cold Bath Fields Prison, communicated by the Governor to the Justices since the ift of January r8oo, and of the Lift of Necessaries wanting, with the Proceedings of the Justices thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said P^per was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for consolidating in One Ad certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- inftukW mittee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for authorizing Magistrates to take Affidavits of, the Notices of Inclosure Bills being given, the Consents of the Parties thereto, the Allegations in the Preambles of such Bills, and of the Quantity of Land to be inclosed.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Abbot took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Abbot reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Bill to prohi-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Rice, for a Time to be li- reported, mited, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-grofied.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Read- Bill to amtn<l ine of the Bill (now ingossed) to explain and amend an )y°r^mc".'s

o \ o a # , Lombmanon

Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, Aa, deterred. " An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen;"

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to‘ Surinam G»-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon 'jci n0! ,n‘

... r - r >L clemmty J u I,

the Bill for indemnifying the Governor ot Surinam, or aaciu a, the Person acting as such, for having permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms, and for making void all Seizures of Ships, Vessels, or Goods, for any Thing done in pursuance of such Permission; ' '

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Rose, according to Order, reported from the Com- Pawnbroker mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for better BlU' regulating the Business of Pawnbrokers, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, knd which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and th6n a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-grofled.

A Petition of the Journeymen Manufacturers and Petition of Workmen of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in the County cattle upon Tyne.

Salt Bill) deferred.

Debate on Motion respecting the Public Debt, &c. adjourned.

40 Geo. III. 210 — 22° Julii. 771

County of the same Town, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, in common with others, the Journeymen Manufacturers and Workmen of this Kingdom, feeling themselves aggrieved by the Operation of an Act passed in the last Session, to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen, beg Leave to lay before the House, with all Duty and Respect, the Sense the Petitioners entertain of the Hardships to which they are, by that Act, exposed} and that the Trial by Jury, the grand Paladium of Liberty, is thereby,

in the First Instance, taken away, and a Power delegated to One Justice to convict and punish in a summary Manner, on the Oath of One Witness, and, though the Petitioners are permitted to appeal against such Conviction to the next General or Quarter Sessions, the Judgment of such Sessions is declared to be final, and no Writ of Certiorari is to be granted; and that the Petitioners feel themselves unhappily liable, under this Act, to be implicated on the Construction of Motives, which, however pure, may, according to the Letter of the Statute, be deemed criminal, and Actions the moll inoffensive and warrantable are, by this Act, made punishable by Imprisonment, Forfeitures, and Penalties; and that the Petitioners, as Journeymen Manufacturers and Workmen, if employed by any Matter, are, upon Refusal to work with any other Journeyman or Workman employed by- such Matter, subjected to the like Punishments, notwithstanding it is obvious that such Refusal might on many Occasions not only be reasonable and proper, but likewise necessary; and that the Act contains novel and grievous Matter, by rendering certain Persons compellable to answer on Oath to any Information preferred against them, although such Answer may subject the Person so answering to a very great Forfeiture, and although it has hitherto been a recognized and established Principle of the Law of this Land, that no one shall be compelled to criminate himself; and that by communicating great and unprecedented Power solely to Matters and Employers, the Act tends to depress in a proportionate Degree the Workmen and Employed, who, by the various Processes of Summonses, Warrants, Convictions, Commitments, Penalties, and Forfeitures, are exposed, on the most trivial Occasions, to be harrafled and oppressed with unjust or malicious Prosecutions, while, at the same Time, there are no Provisions whatever in the Act for the Security of the Workmen against such Injustice, Oppression, or Malice: And therefore praying, That the said Act may be repealed, or otherwise so modified and defined as for the general Good may seem meet, or the Nature of the Matter shall appear to require.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for permitting, for a Time to be limited, Salt to be used Duty free, for the Purpose of preferring Filb taken in the North Sea, for the Supply of the London Markets, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

ResolvedThat this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That the Amount of the Public Funded Debt on the iftof February 1793 was £.238,231,248, exclusive of Long and Short Annuities, and Annuities for Lives, to the Amount of £. 1,373,550, of which Sums, Stock, to the Amount of £.10,242,100, had been purchased by the Commissioners for redeeming the National Debt, and Annuities, to the Amount of£. 79,880, had fallen in; reducing the actual Amount of the Debt on the 1 ft of February 1793 to £.227,989,148, and the Annuities to £.1,293,670 — and that, on the ift of 1800,

Stock, to the Amount of £. 32,404,845, and Annuities to the Amount of £. 119,880, had been redeemed, and

Vol. 55.

had fallen in, reducing the actual Amout of Debt existing before the War on the iftof February 1800 to £. 205,826,403, and the Annuities to £. 1,253,670.

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. The Lords Spranger: . have Pa<led

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sultzbergen's naturalizing Johan Got/ieb Lebrecht; to which Natf Blli' the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Vailette'sNat. naturalizing Jean Elizabeth Grammont Valletle, Widow; Bl11,

to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Vailette's Nit. for naturalizing Jean Elizabeth Grammont , Wi-

dow, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Sultzbergen ! for naturalizing Johan Gotlieb Lebrecht , was Nat. BUI, read -

d the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 2 2° die y;

Anno 4P0 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1800.

Prayers.

H E House being informed that Mr. Mitford Account of (from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scot- ^^up"_of land) attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the tented.

Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all Sinecure Offices, together with those where the Duty is performed by Deputies, which were held by Patent or otherwise, in , that have

become vacant since the Appointment of the Committee on Finance in April 1797, with the Emoluments appertaining to each, and the Department to which they specifically belong; distinguishing such as have fallen in and become a Saving to the Public Revenue, from those to which Persons have been since appointed, specifying the Names of the Persons so appointed, the Date of the Apr pointment, the Period for which it has been made, and the Emolument thereof, and what other Emoluments are held by Pensions or other Offices by such Persons.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Mitford (from Account of the Commissioners for erecting Light Houses in Scot- Northern land) attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at pffinrH.° the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Abstract of the Accounts of the Commissioners for erecting Light Houses on the Northern Parts of Great Britain at July 8 th, 1800.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Abstract was read.

Ordered *

Report Supply.

Vote of Credit *

Jrc4ofiirt§ Conl'olidation Bill, reported.

Report relative

to enlarging ihe House of Commons.

772

22° Jut,l. A. 1800.

Ordered, That the said Abstract do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The said Abstract is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Brayn, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Million Four Hundred Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to enable H is Majesty to fulfil such Engagements, and to take such Mcalures, as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Abbot, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report ,in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and a Schedule containing Forms of Proceedings was added, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill fha.il be then ingrossed.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of a Plan to be submitted to His Majesty for enlarging the House of Commons, in consequence of the Union between Great Britain and Ireland; That the Committee had considered the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered the fame, with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read} and is as follow-cth; viz.

Your Committee have carefully inspected the House, and the Rooms and Passages adjoining thereto, being attended by the Officers of the House, and by Mr. Wyatt, Surveyor General of the Office of Works; and Your Committee have agreed upon a Plan, which when executed, will, as they conceive, afford sufficient Accommodation for the Members of the House of Commons in the United Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland, and at the same Time it appears to Your Committee, that considerable Convenience will be obtained by improving the Communications bet ween different Parts of the House, and by the other Alterations proposed to be made as therein stated: The Plan and Particulars thereof are set forth in the Appendix to this Report, Numbers 2. and 3.: And Your Committee beg Leave to recommend the same to the House, as fit, if the House shall think proper, to be submitted to His Majesty for His Royal Approbation.

N. B. The Plan and Particulars referred to in this Report are annexed thereto, and preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committ-r on torelolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying certain Sums of Money therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- Instruction . mittee. That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That it be an Tn!lruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Reeeipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, loft, burnt, orotht-rwiie dellroyed.

Then the House rclblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Brayye took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Brarge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morro.v Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading'of the ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Jail Session of parliament, intituled, "An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 20. 1.12, To leave out the Clause beginning in this Line.

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Tomorrow " Morning" and inserting the Words " After the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the " Day," instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words " Tomorrow Morning" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

\ Mr. John Smyth,

14.

' I Mr.

Tellers for the Noes, .{ Mr-

(Mr. SheriiLm:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put, That the Debate

be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, J°/'n ^!0t *

I Mr. Simeon:

(Mr

Tellers for the Noes, Mr# ^erriPJ}1^ (Mr. Brogaen:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

34-

j 1.

Bill o anrvMui

W oik men's Combinat ion Ai, ie ui the Tim'd Time.

Debate on a« Amen Irr.trnc, adjourned.

A Bill for raising the Sum of Three Millions, be E <-htqi r Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed,

Resolved,

Further Exchequer BilSs Bill, committed.

Exchequer Bills Bill (£.3,500,000) committed.

Bill to prohibit the Exjxjrta-tion of Rice, passed.

Committee on Surinam Governor' Indemnity Bill.

The Lords have agreed to

Brouquens Bat. Bill *

Tullcken's Nat. Bill *

India Government Bill, with Amendments.

Quarantine Bill, with Amendments.

40 Geo. III.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for raising the further Sum of Three Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for' raising the Sum of Three Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Sendee of the Year One thousand Eight hundred, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Bill (now ingrafted) to prohibit the Exportation of Rice, for a Time to be limited, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to prohibit, until the Fifteenth Day of October One thousand Eight hundred, the Exportation of Rice.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

Ill

therein; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House 'adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 230 Julii;

Anno 40" Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1800.

22° — 23° Julii.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed.

That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to enquire into the State and Management of the Prison in Cold Bath Fields.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to re-

His Majesty, to requell that' His Majesty will be gra- speftin^Cold ciously pleased to give Directions that an Enquiry be made into the State and Management of His Majesty's Prison in Cold Bath Fields.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Read- Pawnbroker, ing of the ingrafted Bill for better regulating the Bufi- Biu>drftrre<i ness of Pawnbrokers;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for indemnifying the Governor of Surinam, or the Person acting as such, for having permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms, and for making void all Seizures of Ships, Vessels, or Goods, for any Thing done in pursuance of such Permission.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Meflfage from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr.

Spranger: .

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Joachim Vital de Boubee de Brouquens, an Infant; without any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Tulleken; without any Amend-. ment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the British Territories in India, and the better Administration of Justice within the same; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for erecting a Lazarette on Chetney Hill, in the County of Kent, and for reducing into One Act the Laws relating to Quarantine, and for making further Provision Vol. 55.

" the Lord High insert " for the

Prayers.

THE House proceeded to take into Consideration Lord, Amend.

the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, "en.t intituled, An Act for erecting a Lazarette on Chetney ^reedto,' Hill, in the County of Kent, and for reducing into One Act the Laws relating to Quarantine, and for making further Provision therein.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followed; viz.

Pr. 10. I.16. After " to" insert " Treasurer or."

1.17. After " Treasury"

" Time being."

1.43. After " said " insert " Lord High " Treasurer or," and in the same Line, and Line 24, after " Commissioners " insert " for the Time " being."

1. 26. After " Hands" insert " of the said " Lord High Treasurer, or of the " said Lords Commissioners for the " Time being, or."

1.27. Leave out " them " and insert " the " said Lords Commissioners."

Pr.39. I.25. After "if" insert "neither."

1.27. Leave out " and no " and insert " nor

Pr.40. 1. 27.

" any. After " Aft"

insert " or His Majesty's Royal Proclamation made in pursuance of the fame."

1.29. Leave out from " of " to " all " in Line 30.

I.I31. After " therein" insert " respectively.' The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Douglas do carry the Bill to the

9 L Lords;

Account of Wclhninster Ri»di;c, pi e-(rnted.

The Lord have agiccd to

Treason Bill.

Grennda, See.

Inilalmcnis

Bill.

Apprentice-It ip B'll.

Pjrch Ships, £c. Bill.

Hops Regulation Bid.

Foreign Hops, Bid.

French Wines Bill.

Naval Stores Bill.

774 23 0 Julii.A\ 1800.

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House being informed that Mr.

(from the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the of-pofite Shore in the County of Surrey) attended at the Door, lie was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, purl'uant to the D:rections of several Acts of Parliament,

A Book, intituled, " One Year's Accounts of Mr, Clemention, Treasurer to the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, from the 5th April 1799 to the 5th

* April 1800."

" And also the Minutes of their Proceedings to the " 5th April 1799."

And then He withdrew.

And the Title of the said Book was read.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Book is preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session. *

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord, and Mr.

Sprang er:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords- have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Adfc for regulating Trials for High Treason, and Misprision of High Treason, in certain Cafes} without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to give further Time for the Payment, on the Conditions therein mentioned, of Instalments on certain Loans advanced to the House of Alexander Houftoun and Company, to Charles Ashwell, Esquire, and to -

stone, Esquire, being Persons connected with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to render valid Indentures of Apprenticeship of poor Children and others made upon improper Stamps, upon certain Conditions, and to indemnify all Persons who may have incurred Penalties thereby, and for allowing attested Copies of Indentures, Leaks, or Deeds, to be damped after the ingrafting, writing, or printing thereof j without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to authorize His Majesty to grant Commissions to Natives of the Seven United Provinces, or of the Hereditary States, of the Prince of Orange, to serve on board certain Dutch Ships of War surrendered to His Majesty's Fleet, and in Regiments in the Pay of His Majesty; and to enable any such Natives to enlist as Soldiers in such Regiments, under certain Restrictions; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal an Act, made in the Fourteenth Ydar of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent Frauds in the buying and selling of Hops," and for the better Collection of the Duty on Hops, and to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Trade of Hops j without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to tire Bill, intituled, An Act for luipending, until the Twentieth Ijay of Avgujl One thousand Eight hundred, the Duties on Foreign Hops imported, and for granting other Duties ip lieu thereof j without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for permitting French Wines to be Imported into this Kingdom from the Illes of Gue Jersey or Alderney, in Bottk-s or Flasks j without any Amendment'And also, Tire Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better preventing the Embezzlement of His Majesty's Naval, Ordnance, and Victualling Stores; without any Arneudment: And also, . 1. ... .

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Depredations on the River Thames, and in its Vicinity, and to amend an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent the committing of Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Bum Boats, and other Boats, upon the River Thames; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to restrain all Trusts and Directions in Deeds or Wills whereby the Profits or Produce of Real or Personal Estate shall be accumulated, and the beneficial Enjoyment thereof postponed beyond the Time therein limited.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the British Territories in India, and the better Administration of Justice within the same.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 14. I.22. Leave out from Majesty " to " and" in Press 15, Line 7.

Pr. t8. I. 3. After " and " insert " for the Governor and Council of."

Pr. 26. 1. 25. After " Mad" insert " or the Court of the Recorder at ."

The First of the said Amendments being read a Second Time;

And it appearing that the said Amendment was for the Purpose of leaving out Two Provisoes belonging to a Clause that flood originally in the Bill, and which was disagreed to by the Committee on the Re-commitment, but by Mistake the Provisoes were afterwards omitted to be left out;

The said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House,

The Residue of the said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. William Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fadls usually required on the passing of such Acts. .

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better Preservation of Timber in the Nezv Forest, in the County of Southampton, and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands of the Crown within the same; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for indemnifying the Governor of or the Perfort

- acting

Tham« D--preda f.uns B:!l.

Amendment *

to Deeds ami Wilis Restriction Bill.

Lords Amendments to India Government Bill, agreed to.

Inclosure Consolidatio® Bill, patted.

The Lord have agreed t®

New Forest Bill, with Amendmeats.

Surinam Governor's Indemnity Bill, reported.

4-0 Geo. III.

230 Julii.

775

Consolidated Fund Bill, reported.

Committee on

Exchequer Bills Bill.

Committee on further Exchequer Bills Bill.

acting as such, for having permitted the Importat ion and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bot toms, and for making void all Seizures of Ships, Vessels, or Goods, for any Thing done in pursuance of such Per-miiTion, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third.Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying certain Sums of Money therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House $ and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ‘upon the Bill for raising the Sum of Three Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. v Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. &>eaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. W>v7g gereported from the Committee, That they liad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising the further Sum of Three Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Coniroittfce on Exchequer Bills Bill (£.3,500,000.)

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising the Sum of Three Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer' Bills, for Vol. S$'

the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said'Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Commit tefc.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to rfe-port, when the House willpleafe to receive the dime.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for better regulating the Business of Pawnbrokers, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for better regulating the Business of Pawnbrokers.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to th e Lords, and deflre their Concurrence.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Appointment of Sir Sidney Smith to the Command in -Egypt- .

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Direction^, that there belaid before this House, a Copy of the Appointment of Sir Sidney Smith at the Court of tinople;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TcUers for the Yeas,

Tenets for the Noes.j »TGcir

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That an hurnble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Appointment of Mr. Spencer Smith at the Court of tinople;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously please to give Directions that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Appointment of the Right honourable the Earl of Elgin at the Court of Constantinople;

It passed in the Negatree.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions^ that there be laid before this House, Extracts of all Letters passing to and from the Right honourable the Earl of Elgin, Sir Sidney Smith, Mr. Spencer Smith, and any of His Majesty's Ministers, relative to the Convention for the Evacuation of Eg.

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Treaty, made on board His Majesty's Ship The Tigfe, in

the Eleventh Article of which Great Britain, and its Allies, The Porte and Russia^ are considered as Parties to

the

u

J33-

Pawnbrokers Bill, paifed.

Motions rel3-tive to the Eya. cuation of Egypt.

Neg.

77

23° — 24° Julii.

A. 1800.

Debate on Amendment to Workmen ! Combination Bill, refused.

the fame, and to Cnfute a sese Return to the French Pr. 35, Army;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of the instructions given to the Right honourable the Earl of Pr. 36.

Elgin, Sir Sidney Smith, Mr. Spencer , and the Commander in Chief of the Fleet in the Mediterranean, relative to the Evacuation of Egypt;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Debate upon the Amendment, which was Yesterday proposed to be made, to the ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament,'"intituled, "An Act to prevent unlawful " Combination's of Workmen," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the said adjourned Debate.

And the said proposed Amendment was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the

1. 16. To leave out " One or."

1. 17. To leave out " One or."

1. ao. To leave out " Township."

1.30.)

and > To leave out " I, or."

31, J

1. 31. To leave out To leave out To leave out To leave out To leave out To leave out

6.

1.

1. 7. 1. .8. 1.11. L 21. 1.29.

I.32.

" Justice, or."

" me, or."

" Justice, or."

" One or."

" Township."

" Township."

To leave out " me " and insert " us " instead thereof; and to leave out " Justice" and insert " Justices" instead thereof.

To leave out " I, or," and to leave out " Justice, or."

Pr. 37. 1. 23. To leave out " my, or" and to leave out " Hand, or."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Bill, passed.

Bill, by Way of Ryder, For settling, by Arbitration, be. An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the last Session of Disputes between Matters and Workmen.

And the said Clause was Thrice read j and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, For inflicting a Penalty on Parties refusing to sign their Submission to Arbitration, or to appoint an Arbitrator, or refusing to submit to the Award, or Umpirage.

Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prevent unlawful " Combinations of Workmen," and to substitute other Provisions in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Gascoyne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Accounts and

And the said Clause was brought up, and Twice read. Papers, which were presented to the House upon the

with Blanks.

And it being proposed to fill the said Blanks with certain pecuniary Penalties;

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That they had gene through the said Clause, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Douglas accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Committee on East India Company's Revenue Ac«

30th Day of June last, and the 4th and nth Days of thislnstant July, by Mr. Owen, from the Directors of the East India Company.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Strachey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Strachey reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovisy 24° die Julii;

Anno 40 Georgii III,n Regis, 1800.

Prayers.

A MESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending so much of an Act, passed Then the Amendments following were " severally pro- in the present Session of Parliament, relating to the Du-

The Lords hare agreed to

Bill to explain Act respecting Duties on In-

posed to be made to the Bill; viz.

to

Pr.20. I.12. To leave out from "Months"

" Provided," in Pr. 23.1.39.

Pr. 24. I.37. To leave out from " feme " to " Provided," in Pr. 26.1. 26.

Pr. 16. I.26. To leave out from " Provided" inclusive, to " Provided" in Pr. 27. I.4.

ties on Income, as respects the Delivery of the Statements to the Commercial Commissioners of London under the Amount of Twenty Pounds; without any Amendment:

And ahb.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Printers into indemnify all Persons who have printed, published, or demmty B'11 dispersed, or who shall publish, or disperse, any Papers,

printed under the Authority of the Commissioners or Head

British Fish-crics Bill.

Insane Offenders Kill, with Amendments.

Lords Amendments to Ntw Forest Bill, agreed to.

40 Geo. III. 24

Head Officers of any Public Boards, from all Penalties incurred by reason of the Name and Place of Abode of the Printer of such Papers not being printed thereon; without any Amendment: And also,

rhe Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act; to continue, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand Eight hundred and One, and amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for continuing several Acts for the Encouragement of the British Fisheries; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the safe Custody of Insane Persons charged with Of fences , with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better Preservation of Timber in The Forest, in the County of Southa, and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands of the Crown within the same.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 9. I.19. After " respectively," insert Clause

(A.) - .

Clause (A.) " And be it further Enacted, That

" in case any Timber Trees hereby " authorized to be cut down for " the Purpose of any such Com-; " promise as aforesaid, shall be

! " claimed in respect of any Land

* belonging to any Corporation,

" Trustees or Feoffees, or other Persons who shall not be entitled to " cut down Timber, then and in " such same so much of such Tim tf ber Trees as shall be donfidered by the said Commissioners as to " be allotted to such Corporation,

" Trustees, Feoffees, or other Persons not entitled to cut Timber " as aforesaid, shall be sold by or " under the Direction of the said " Commissioners, or any Two of " them, in such Manner as they " shall appoint, and the Money " arising from such Sale shall, in " case the same shall amount to the " Sum of Two Hundred Pounds,

" with all convenient Speed be inveiled in the Purchase of Lands " or Hereditaments, which shall be " conveyed in, andt settled upon,

" and subject to the like Uses, Trulls, and Limitations, as the " Lands in respect whereof such " Timber Trees shall be claimed " were settled or limited j and in the mean Time, and until such " Purchase can be made, such Money shall be paid into the Bank " of England, in the Name and " with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court " of Chancery, to be placed to his " Account there ex parte the said " Commissioners, to the Intent that " such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with Jhe " Approbation of the said Court,

" to be signified by an Order made " upon Application to be preferred " in- a summary Way by the Person or Persons claiming an Interest in such Timber Trees, either " in or towards the Purchase of

L- 55 *

u Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of Debts or Incumbrances " affecting Lands or Hereditaments " settled to the same Uses to which " the Lands in respect of which " such Timber shall be claimed " shall be settled, or until the same " shall, upon the like Application " in a summary Way, be laid out, " by Order of the said Court, in the " Purchase of Lands or Hereditaments, to be fettfed as aforesaid; and in the mean Time, and " until such Order can be made, " such Money may, by Order of " the said Court, be laid out in " some of the Public Funds, or on " Government or Real Securities, and the Dividends or Interest ‘ arising therefrom shall, by Order " of the said Court, be paid to such " Person or Persons as would for " the Time being be entitled to " the Rents and Profits of such " Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so' to be purchased, conveyed, and settled."

Pr.30. 33. After " Months" insert Clause (B.) '

Clause (B.) " Provided always, and it is hereby " Declared, That nothing in this ' " Ad contained shall extend ot be

" deemed or construed to extend^ " to defeat, alter, or infringe all or " any the Rights, Privileges, or " Advantages which may be enjoyed or claimed, under any Letters Patent granted by His said Majesty, of any Bailiwick, Walk, " or Lodge within the said Forest." The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Long do carry the Bill to the Lords j and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Order of the ay, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying certain Sums of Money therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 22. I.36. After the Words "Emperor of Germany" to insert " Provided always, that no Sum or Sums of " Money shall or may be remitted " to his Majesty the Emperor of " Germany, by way of Loan or Advance, from and after the Date of " the signing of any separate Treaty of Peace between the Emperor " and the French Republic."

And the Question being put, That there inserted; those Words be

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

TelWs for the Yeas.j^ '} +

Tellers for the Noes. } 38.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty a ctrtain Sum

9 M «f

Con foliated Fund Billy paflrd.

A. 1800.

AnfUcr to Addict.

East India Company *

Revenue

Account,

reported.

778 24 juts.

of Money out of t lie Consolidated Fund; for applying certain Sums of Money therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred; for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

Ordered, That Mr. Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Mr. Secretary Dundas reported to the House, That their Address of Tuesday last(that His Majesty would be graciously pleated to give Directions that an Enquiry be made into the State and Management of His Majesty's Prison in Cold Bath Fields) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Address.

Mr. Strachey, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Accounts and Papers which were presented to the House upon the 30th Day of June last, and the 4th and 1 ith Days of this Instant July, by Mr. Owen (from the Directors of the East India Company) the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it appears, that the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Oriff'a, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Poll Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Police Taxes, Customs, Sales of Salt and Opium, and Stamp Duties, amounted, on the Average of Three Years, 1796-7 to 1798-9, both inclusive, to the Sum of Five Crore Eighty-eight Lacs Eight Hundred and Seventy-five Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it appears, that the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijfa, and from Benares and Oude, under the same Heads which were estimated for the Year 1798-9 to amount to Six Crore Fifteen Lacs Fifty-two Thousand and Eight Current Rupees, amounted to Six Crore Fifteen Lacs Thirty-six Thousand One Hundred and Fifty-two Current Rupees.

Resolveed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it appears, that the Charges incurred by the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijfa, and in Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, and the Charges of the Stamp Office, which were estimated, for the Year 1798-9, at Three Crore Ninety-five Lacs Twenty-eight Thousand Four Hundred and Seventy-three Current Rupees, amounted to Four Crore Twelve Lacs Forty-two Thousand Nine Hundred and Twelve Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it appears, that the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijfa, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Police Taxes, Customs, the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, and the Stamp Duties, for the Year 1799-1800, are estimated by the Governor General and Council to amount to the Sum of Six Crore Nineteen Lacs Sixty-seven Thousand Three Hundred and Thirty-two Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it appears, that the Charges to be defrayed by the

East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Oriff'a, and in Benares and under the Heads of

Civil, judicial, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, and the Charges of the Stamp Office, for the Year 1799-1800, are estimated, by the Governor General and Council, to amount to the Sum of Four Crore Fifteen Lacs Seventy-five Thousand Five Hundred and Thirty-four Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That it appears, that the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in The natic and Northern Circars (exclusive of under

the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Col-ledtions, Sea and Land Customs, Subsidies from the Nabob of Arcot, the Rajah of Tanjore, and the Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, amounted, on the Average of Three Years, 1796-7 to 1798-9, both inclusive, to the Sum of Forty-six Lacs Seventy-eight Thousand Six Hundred and Thirty-one Pagodas.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it appears, that the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in The Carnatie and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs, Subsidies from the Nabob of Arcot, the Rajah of Tanjore, and the Nizam, Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, which were estimated, for the Year 1798-9, to amount to Fifty-two Lacs Ninety-six Thousand Eight Hundred and Thirty-four Pagodas, amounted to Fifty-two Lacs Seventy-three Thousand and Forty-nine Pagodas.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it appears, that the Charges incurred by the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in The Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the respective Heads of Post Office, Civil, Military, and Revenue Charges, and for Buildings and Fortifications, which were estimated, for the Year 1798-9, to amount to Seventy-one Lacs Forty-three Thousand Seven Hundred and Ninety-seven Pagodas, amounted to Eighty-eight [Lacs Fifty-nine Thousand Two Hundred and Fourteen Pagodas.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it appears, that the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in The Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads afcrc-said, for the Year 1799-1800, are estimated by the Governor and Council of Madras to amount to Sixty-two Lacs Sixty-eight Thousand Nine Hundred and Eighty-six Pagodas.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee. That it appears, that the Annual Charges to be defrayed by the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and in The Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the respective Heads aforesaid, in the Year 1799-1800, are estimated by the Governor and Council of Madras to amount to the Sum of Sixty-eight Lacs Forty-eight Thousand and Seventy-seven Pagodas.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it appears, that the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, amounted, on an Average of Three Years, 1796-7 to 1798-9, both inclusive, to the Sum of Thirty Lacs Porty-eight Thousand and Thirty-eight Rupees.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it appears, that the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, which were estimated, for the Year 1798-9, to'amount to Thirty-one Lacs Thirty-two Thousand Seven Hundred and Twenty-three

Rupees,

40 Geo. II L 240 Juliu 779

Rupees, amounted to Thirty-thfee Lacs Twenty-nine Thousand Six Hundred and Fifty-seven Rupees.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it appears, that the Charges incurred by the India Company, at the Presidency of and the

Settlements subordinate thereto, which were estimated, for the Year 1798-9, to amount to Eighty-nine Lacs Thirteen Thousand Nine Hundred and Seventy Rupees, amounted to One Crore Twelve Lacs Ninety-four Thousand Four Hundred and Twenty-five Rupees.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it appears, that the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of , and the

Settlements subordinate thereto, for the Year 1799 —

1800, are estimated, by the Governor and Council of Bombay, to amount to Thirty-two Lacs Seventy-fout Thousand Three Hundred and Sixty-six Rupees.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it appears, that the Annual Charges to be defrayed by the East India Company, at the Presidency of,

and the Settlements subordinate thereto, in the Year 1799"ISoo, are estimated, by the Governor and Council of Bombay, to amount to One Crore Twenty-eight Lacs Ninety-three Thousand One Hundred and Twenty-five Rupees.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it appears, that the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Residency of Fort,

and its Dependencies, arising from Customs, Farms, and Licences, amounted, on an Average of Three Years, 1796-7 to 1798-9, both inclusive, to Twenty-two Thousand One Hundred and Fifty-six Dollars.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it appears, that the Debts owing by the East India Company, at the several Settlements in India, amounted, on 30th April 1799, to the Sum of Twelve Crore Ninety-nine Lacs Fitty-five Thousand Two Hundred and Fifty-nine Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it appears, that the Part of the aforesaid Debts bearing Interest, amounted to Ten Crore Nineteen Lacs Five Thousand Two Hundred and Eighty-five Current Rupees, and that the Interest thereon amounted to Ninety-one Lacs Fifty-six Thousand Eight Hundred and Seventy-six Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it appearsjthat the Value of AlTets in India, confuting of C'afh in the Treasuries, of Bills receivable, of Goods provided to be shipped for England, of Goods imported to be sold in India, of Salt, Opium, &c. and of Stores for Use or Sale, amounted, on 30th April 1799 (including Current Rupees Five Crore Sixty-three Lacs Seventy-four Thousand Six Hundred and Sixty-seven, of Debts stated to be owing to the Company there) to Ten Crore Twenty-five Lacs Ninety-one Thousand and Sixty-nine Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it appears, that the Balance of Stock against the East India Company's Commerce in China, amounted, at the Conclusion of the Year 1798-9, to the Sum of Two Hundred and Twenty Thousand and Twenty-two Pounds.

Resolved, That, it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it appears, that the Debts owing by the East India Company in Great Britain (including Seven Hundred and Twenty-five Thousand Nine Hundred Pounds of Debts transferred from Indiaamounted, on the ill of March 1800, to Five Millions Eight Hundred and Thirty Thousand Two Hundred and Twenty-two Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it appears, that the Effects of the East India Company in England and afloat outward, confiding of Annuities, Calli in the Treasury, Goods fold not paid for. Goods unfold, Cargoes afloat, and other Articles in their Commerce, amounted, oa ift March 1800, to the Sum ▼°l. S5

of Sixteen Millions One Hundred and Eighty-five Thousand Nine Hundred and Fifty Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That' it appears, that the Sales of the East India Company's Goods which, in February 1793, were estimated, on an Average, to amount to Four Millions Nine Hundred and Eighty-eight Thousand Three Hundred Pounds; amounted, in the Year 1799-1800, to the Sum of Seven Millions Three Hundred and Sixty-seven Thousand Seven Hundred and Twenty-seven Pounds.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were; upon the Question severally put thereupon; agreed to by the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the adjourned Debate upon the Motion, That the Amount of the Public Funded Debt on the 1793 was

£.238,231,248; exclusive of Long arid Short Annuities, and Annuities for Lives, to the Amount of £. 1,373,550, of which Sums, Stock, to the Amount of £. 10,242,100, bad been purchased by the Commissioners for redeeming the National Debt, and Annuities, to the Amount of £. 79,880, had fallen in; reducing the actual Amount of the Debt on the ift of February 1793 to £.227,989,148, and the Annuities to £.1,293,670 — and that, on the ift of February 1800, Stock, to the Amount of £.32,404,845, and Annuities to the Amount of £.119,880,had been redeemed, and bad fallen in, reducing the actual Amount of Debt existing before the War

O O

on the ift of February 1800 to £.205,826,403, and the Annuities to £. 1,233,670;

Ordered, That the said Debate be further adjourned till Monday Morning next.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That the Amount of the Public Funded Debt was on the 5th of January 17S6 £. 238,231,248, exclusive of Long and Short Annuities, and Annuities for Lives, to the Amount of £. 1,373,550: That, on the ift of February 1793, Stock, to the Amount of £. 10,242,100, had been purchased by the Commissioners for redeeming the National Debt, and Annuities to the Amount of £. 79,880, had fallen in, and had been carried to their Account, reducing the aiflual Amount of the Debt on the 5th of January 1793 to £. 227,989,148, and the Annuities to£. 1,293,670 — and that on the ift of February 1800, Stock, tbthe Amount 0^.32,404,845, had been purchated by the Commissioners for redeeming the National Debt, and Annuities to the Amount of£. 119,8 80, had fallen in, and been carried to their Account, reducing the actual Amount of Debt existing before the War on the ift of February 1800 to £.205,826,403, and the

Annuities to £. 1,253,670.

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Long do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raffing the Sum of Three Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred, was committed.

Mr. Long accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if. the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Ordered,

Debate on Motion. respecting the Pubjic Debt, on ift February 179 3 j &c. further adjourned *

Debate on Motion ref peeing the Public Debt on 5 th January 1786, &c. adjourned.

Exchequer Bills Billy rt ported *

Further Fr-chet]uer Bills Bill, reported.

Exchequer Bills Bill,

(/--M^coo)

TejJuilcU *

Sutinam Governoi 's In -dannity Bill, deterred.

Report relative to tnlarging the House of Commons, further considered.

Address thereupon.

780

34 — 25° Julii.

A. 1800 *

Ordered, That Mr. Long do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising the further Sum of Three Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thou-fan<! E'ght hundred, was committed.

Mr. Long accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Long do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising the Sum of Three Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred, was committed.

Mr. Long accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time To-fnorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for indemnifying the Governor of Surinam, or the Person acting as such, for having permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms, and for making void all Seizures of Ships, Vessels, or Goods, for any Thing done in pursuance of such Permission, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee who were appointed to consider of a Plan, to be submitted to His Majesty, for enlarging the House of Commons, in consequence of the Union between Great Britain and Ireland. P

And the said Report was again read.

Resolved, That an humble Adress be presented to His Majesty, humbly to lay before His Majesty a Copy of the said Report, and of the Plans thereto annexed; and to request His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions for carrying into Effect the Alterations and Improvements therein described; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the Expence attending the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty Ymost: Honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 25

Anno 40° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1800.

Prayers.

AM ES S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. The Lord *

Spranger: Bave a£>reii ' *

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill toincor. to incorporate Certain Persons- by the Name of " The i^our'eom London Company for the Manufacture of Flour, Meal, pany of Lonand Bread," for a limited Time; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Stilfz^ergen's for naturalizing Johan Gotlieb Lebrecht was Nat *

j c j hp 0 committed.

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Nicholas Vanfiltart, Mr. Savile, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Vaiiette'sNat. for naturalizing Jean Elizabeth Gram Wi- comm" -

dow, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, Mr. Savile, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House being informed that Mr. Fowler (from Account of the Office for Affairs of Taxes) attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the demption of House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parlia- lhe Lanj Tax>

r presented.

ment, 1

An Account of the Expences incurred for the Payment of Salaries to Commissioners, Clerks, and Officers under the Acts for the Redemption of the Land Tax, and for discharging the incidental Expences attending the Execution of those Acts, from the Commencement thereof in 1798, to the 5th of January 1S00, as far as the same can be made up.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the' other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice Grofe and The Lords Mr. Ord: have aBr"d 10

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Their Majes-concerning the Disposition of certain Real and Personal $ui.Prope,t> Property of His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, and also of the Real and Personal Property of Her Majesty, and of the Queen Consort for the Time being; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for ra'ing the Sum of Three Exchequer Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service BlJi Bill of the Year One thousand Eight hundred, was, according pa c to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred.

Ordered, That Mr. Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The

40 GeO; III.

250 Julii.

Furtlier Ex-C^KqiKT Bill Bill, passed *

FtclTfquer Bills Bill, (/Tvsoo>oooo) pailaL

Surinam Go-rcrno 's Indemnity Bill paHed %

Comifrittre on Mcaiurcs for better legislating the Port of London, to report Opinion *

The Bill (now ingrossed) for raising the further Sum of Three Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred; was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, Thit the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for raising the further Sum of Three Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred.

Ordered, That Mr. Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for raising the Sum of Three Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer kills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred!

Ordered, That Mr. Long do carry' the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The ingrossed Bill for indemnifying the Governor of Surinam, or the Person acting as such, for having permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms, and for making void all Seizures of Ships, Vessels, or Goods, for any Thing done in pursuance of such Permission, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

ResolvedyThat the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for indemnifying the Governor of,

or the Person acting as such, for having permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms, and for making void all Seizures of Ships, Vessels, or Goods, for any Thing done in pursuance of such Permission.

Ordered, That Mr. Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Committee, who were appointed to consider of such further Measures as may be necessary for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London, have Power to report their Opinion to the House.

Lord Amendments to Bill to incorporate the Floor Company of London, agreed to.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to incorporate certain Persons by the Name of " The London Company for the Manufacture of Flour, Meal, and Bread," for a limited Time.

And the said Amendments were read i and are as followed; viz.

Fr. i<f. 1. 4. After " fame" insert Clause (B.)

Clause (B.) " Provided always, That it shall not

a be lawful for the said Company, " by themselves or their Agents, to " fell any Quantity or Quantities " of Wheat, exceeding in the Whole " the Quantity of One Thousand " Quarters in any One Week/'

1. 1 x. After " out " and before Clause (A.) insert Clause (C.)

Clause (C.) " And whereas, by an Act of Parlia-iement passed in the Thirty-seventh " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " amend, and render more effectual, " an Act, made in the Thirty-first " Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the " Price and AGize thereof, and to

Vol.

" punilii Persons who shall adulle-< " rate Meal, Flour, or Bread,' so

" far as the same relates to the Af~ size and making of Bread to be " fold in the City of London, and " the Liberties thereof, and within " the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and " within Ten Miles of the Royal " Exchange," the Court of Mayor " and Aldermen of London arc empowered to set the Assize of Bread " in London, and within the Bills of " Mortality, on every And whereas in the Tables ot Assize, " forming a Part of the said Act,

" there is no Provision or Direction " wit It respect to the Price of Standard Wheaten Bread: And whereas there is no other Provision or Direction in any Table of Assize, " respecting the Price of Standard ‘‘ Wheaten Bread, than a certain " Table of Assize contained in an " Act, passed in thf Thirteenth ' " Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for better regulating the Assize and making " bf Bread:" And whereas the c‘ Bakers of and within the

" Bills of Mortality; are unable to manufacture and fell Standard " Wheaten Bread, by reason of the " said Act last mentioned not making a due Allowance to the Baker, " and the said Assize Table not be-jing suited to the present Price ot " Flour j Be it Enacted, That all " the Provisions, Regulations, and " Directions contained in the said " Act of the Thifty-seventh Year of " His present Majesty, concerning " Wheaten Bread and Household " Bread, shall extend to the making " and felling of Standard Wheaten " Bread; and the said Court of " Mayor and Aldermen shall be " empowered, and they are hereby " empowered to fix an Assize ot Price of Standard Wheaten Bread, uupon such Principles as they now " fix the Assize or Price of Wheaten " and Hdufehold Bread, and that " they shall be enabled to make i " due Allowance to the Bakers for " making and felling the fame, according to their Opinion of what " ought fairly to be allowed them " for their Trouble and Expence irt making and felling the said Stand " ard Wheaten Bread."

Pr. 24. 1. 24. Leave out from " Law " to " And " in Line 39 of the same Press, and insert Clause (D.)

Clause (D.) " Provided always, That it shall and " may be lawful for His Majesty, if " He shall so think fit, by His Or-".der in Council, to dissolve the " said Company, or to suspend all " or any of the Proceedings of the " fame, such Diffolntion or Suspension being to take Effect npt " l'ooner than Six Months from and after the Date of such Order in " Council."

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-

9 N posed,

7 % 2

250 Julii.

A. 1800.

posed, That the said Amendments be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now " and, at the End of the Question, to add the Words " upon this Day Three " Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now ' stand Part of the Question >

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Teller for the yeas,{Th'^.a >'0'. J 34.

Tellers for the } '5-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Amendments be now read a Second Time.

Clause (B.) the first of the said Amendments, being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by inferring after the Words "Quantities of" the Word " damaged."

And the Question being put. That that Word be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause (C.) the next Amendment, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause (D.) the last of the said Amendments, being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by adding, at the End thereof, these Words;

" Provided always, and it is hereby further Enabled, " That upon Six Months Public Notice to be " printed in The London and affixed on the Royal Exchange in the said Corporation, and all the Privileges, Benefits, and " Advantages, granted in pursuance of this Act, " shall cease, determine, and become void, any " Thing contained in this Act to the contrary " notwithstanding; and that any Vote or Resolution of the House of Commons, signified " by the Speaker in Writing, to be inserted in " The London Gazette, and affixed to the Royal " Exchange in London, shall be deemed and adjudged to be sufficient Notice within the " Words and Meaning of this Act."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there added;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Lord Hazvkejhury do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The I.ortls have uarced to

Swedish Ucr-riuirs lhli, with an Amendment.

Lords Amendments tolnfanfe Offenders Bill, agreed to.

A Message from the Lords,' by Mr. Ord and Mr.

Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to permit, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Importation of Swe-diJJi Pier rings into Great Britain; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the safe Custody of Inlane Perl'ons charged with Offences.

7

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

At the End of the Bill insert Clauses (A.) and (B.) ,

Clause (A.) " And, for the better Prevention of

" Crimes being committed by Persons Insane; Be it further Enact- ed, That if any Person shall be " discovered and apprehended under Circumstances that denote a " Derangement of Mind, and a Purpose of committing some Crime,

* for which if committed such Person would be liable to be indicted, and any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, before whom c< such Person may be brought,

" shall think fit to issue a Warrant,

" for committing him or her as a dangerous Person suspected to be Insane, such Cause of Commit-Xlment being plainly expressed in the Warrant, the Person so com-4‘ mitted shall not be bailed, except " by Two Justices of the Peace,

" One whereof shall be the Justice u who has issued such Warrant, or " by the Court of General Quarter " Sessions, or by One of the Judges " of His Majesty's Courts in " minsterWo or by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Commissioners of the Great Seal."

Clause (B.) " And whereas Insane Persons have *

" at different Times, endeavoured " to gain Admittance to His Majesty's Presence, by Intrusion on " His Majesty's Palaces and Places " of Residence and otherwise, and' " His Majesty's Person may be endangered by reason of the Insanity of such Persons; Be it therefore Enacted, That if any Person,

who shall appear to be Insane,

" shall endeavour to gain Admittance to His Majesty's Presence,

" by Intrusion on any of His Majesty's Palaces or Places of Residence or otherwise, so that there " may be reason to apprehend that " His Majesty's Person may be endangered, it shall be lawful for " His Majesty's Privy Council, or " One of His Majesty's Principal " Secretaries of State, to cause such " Person to be brought before them " or him; and if upon Examination, it shall appear that there is " Reason to apprehend such Person " to be Insane, and that the Person " of His Majesty may be endangered by reason of the Infanitv " of such Person, it shall be lawful " for His Majesty's Privy Council,

" or One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to ordec " such Person to be kept in safe " Custody, in such Place and in " such Manner as according to Circumstances shall be ascertained;

" and for such Purpose it shall be " lawful for the Lord Chancellor,

" Lord'Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the " Great Seal of Great Britain, to " award a Commission under the said

40 Geo. III. 35° — 280 Julii. 783

44 said Great Seal, directed to certain And the said Amendment was read; and is as follow- Commissioners to be therein nam- eth;

" ed, to enquire into the Sanity of Pr. 2. 1. 2. After " respecting " insert " the Resuch Person, and whether the Per- " duftion or Advance of Wages or."

44 son of His Majesty may be en- The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, 44 dangered by reason of the Infinity upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the " of such Person, and for such Pur- House.

* pgfe to direct the Sheriff of the That Mr. Dent do carry the Bill to the County where such Person shall Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed " be, to summon a Jury to try the to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

44 Sanity of such Person, and whe-

44 ther His Majesty's Person may be endangered by reason of the In- sanity of such Person, in the same " Manner as Juries are summoned to try the Sanity of Persons on a 44 Commission in the Nature of a " Writ; and

44 if upon the Inquisition so taken,

44 it shall be found that such Person is so far Insane, that the Person " of His Majesty may be endangered by reason of the Insanity of such Person, it shall be lawful

' 41 for \he Lord Chancellor, Lord

44 Keepier, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal for the Time being, to take Or- tier for the safe Custody of such Person, so long as there shall be reason to apprehend that the Person of His Majesty may be endangered by reason of the In- sanity of such Person; and if it shall afterwards appear, that such Person shall have recovered the Use of his or her Reason, so that there shall be no longer any rea- son to apprehend any Danger to His Majesty's Person from the In- fani ty of such Person, it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal for the Time being, to enquire into the Fast by such Means as to him or them shall seem pro-- 44 per; and if it shall appear to his

44 or their Satisfaction, that such Person has so far recovered the Use of his or her Reason, that there is no Ground for appre- bending any Danger to His Majesty's Person, from the Insanity of such Person, it shall be lawful for the said Lord Chancellor, 44 Lord Keeper, and Lords Commissioners respectively, to direct such Person to be discharged from Cuf- tody, either absolutely or condi- tionally, or under Restrictions, 44 as to him or them shall seem meet."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Lord do carry the Bill

to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Lords Amer.(U The House proceeded to take into Consideration the mmt 10 Cot- Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for settling Disputes that may arise between gr«dto.' Matters and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in that Fart of Great Britain called England.

Vo 1. 35.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lunas,28° die 'Julii;

Anno 40° Georgii III. U Regis, 1800.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher Royal Aflint of the Black Rod: to anils.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission reach

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Afl'ent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Water, His Royal Highness the Duke of York,

His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great'

Britain, the Lord Steward of His Majesty's Household, and the Lord Walfmgliam, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions Five n

| O

Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred:

An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred:

An Act for raising the further Sum of Three Million!;, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred:

An Act concerning the Disposition of certain Real and Personal Property of His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, and also of the Real and Personal Property of Her Majesty, and of the Queen Consort for the Time being:

An Act for suspending, until the Twentieth Day of Augitjl One thousand Eight hundred, the Duties on Foreign Hops imported, and fojr granting other Duties in lieu thereof:

An Act for explaining and amending so much of an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, relating to the Duties on Income, as respects the Delivery of the

Statements

?84 a^Julii. ' 1800.'

Statements to the Commercial Commissioners of London under the Amount of Twenty Pounds:

An Act to give further Time for the Payment, on the Conditions therein mentioned, of Instalments on certain Loans advanced to the House of Alexander and Company, to 'Charles AJ/n Esquire, and to William John ll one, Esquire, being Persons connected with, anti trading to, the 1 (lands of Grenada and Vincent: An Act for permitting French Wine's to be imported into this Kingdom from the Hies of Jersey, or

Alderney, in Bottles or Flasks:

An Act for erecting a Lazarette on Chetney Hilly in the County of Kent, and for reducing into One Act the Laws relating to Quarantine, and tot making further Provision therein:

An Act for the better preventing the Embezzlement of His Majesty's Naval, Ordnance, and Victualling Stores:

An Act to authorize His Majesty. to grant Commissions to Natives of the Seven United , or of the

Hereditary States of the Prince of Orange, to serve on board certain Dutch Ships of War surrendered to His Majesty's Fleet, and in Regiments in the Pay of His Majesty; and to enable any such Natives to enlist as Soldiers in such Regiments, under certain Restrictions:

An Act to repeal an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to prevent Frauds in the buying and selling of Hops," and for the better Collection of the Duty on Hops, and to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Trade of Hops:

An Act to prohibit, until the Fifteenth Day of October One thousand Eight hundred, the Exportation of Rice: An Act for regulating Trials for High Treason, and Misprision of High Treason, in certain Cafes:

An Act for the safe Custody of Insane Persons charged with Offences:

An Act to incorporate certain Persons by the Name of " The London Company for the Manufacture of Flour, " Meal, and Bread," for a limited Time:

An Act for settling Disputes that may arise between Mailers and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in that Part of Great Britain called England:

An Act for establishing certain Regulations in the Offices of the House of Commons:

An Act for the better Preservation of Timber in the New Forest, in the County of , and for af-

certaining the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands of the Crown within the same:

An Act for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the British Territories in , and the

better Administration of Justice within the same:

An Act to restrain all Trulls and Dircdionsin Deeds or Wills whereby the Profits or Produce of Real or Personal Estate shall be accumulated, and the beneficial Enjoyment thereof postponed beyond the Time therein limited:

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand Eight hundred and One, and amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for continuing several Acts for the Encouragement of the British Fisheries:

An Act for the better regulating the Praflice, and for preventing Delays in the Proceedings of the Court of Common Pleas at Lancaster:

An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Depredations on the River Thames, and in its Vicinity, and to amend an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent the committing of Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Bum Boats, and other Boats, upon the River Thames:

An Act to indemnify all Persons who have printed, published,'or dispersed, or who shall publish, or disperse, any Papers, printed under the Authority of the Commissioners or Head Officers of any Public Boards, from all Penalties incurred by reason of the Name and Place of Abode of the Printer of such Papers not being printed thereon: . *

An Act to render valid Indentures of Apprenticeship of poor Children and others made upon improper Stamp;, upon certain Conditions, and to . indemnify all Persons who may have incurred Penalties thereby, and for allowing attested Copies of Indentures, Leases, or Deeds, to be stamped after the ingrossing, writing, or printing thereof:

An Act for draining, embanking, and preserving, divers Trafls of Land within the Township of in

the Parish of Hunmanby, and also within sundry other Parishes, TovVnships, or Places adjoining, or near to the Rivers Derzvent and Harford, in the Eall and North

Ridings of the County of Yo: An Act for better regulating the Business of Pawnbrokers:

An Act for effectuating a Partition or Division of certain Freehold and Copyhold, or Customary, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of heretofore the Estates of Holland Cockfey, Esquire, deceased, and for substituting Thomas Bird, Gentleman, to be a Trustee in the Place of Ef-

quire, now in Parts beyond the Sea, for all the Purposes for which the said IVII/ianl jointly with

Thomas Blayney, Gentleman, is a Trustee of One undivided Fifth Part of the said Freehold and Copyhold, or Customary, Meflilages, Lands, and Hereditaments:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and ir.cloiing, the Commons, Waste Lands, and Marllies, in the Parish of ford, in the County of Flint, and for fencing the said Marshes:

An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Waste and Down Ground, within the Parish or Township of , in

the County of Berks, and within the Hamlet of Weji-cote, in the same Parish and County:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Heaths and Commons, and for exonerating, from Common Right, the Half Year Lands and Lammas Lands within the Manors of Dedham Hall and Overhall, and Nethprhall, in the Parish of Dedham, in the County of F.ffex:

An Act for naturalizing Francis Julius Micheli:

An Act for naturalizing John:

An Act for naturalizing John Joachim Vital de Boubee de Brouquens, an Infant.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the further Sum of Three Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions Five Hundred Thpufand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prohibit, until the Fifteenth Day of October One thousand Eight hundred, the Exportation of Rice; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better regulating the Business of Pawnbrokers; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Speaker taking Notice, that the said Message contained the Agreement of the Lords to several Bills which had this Day previously received, by His Majesty's

The Lords have agreed tm

Exchequer Bills Bill *

Further Exchequer Bills Bill.

Exchequer Bills Bill (.£3,500,000.)

Bill to prohibit the Exportation ot Kice.

Pawnbroker *

Bill.

V»!lette $ N:t. Bill, i t ported,

and puffed *

Debate on Mo lion rripccting the Public Debt, on ift beb»uaryi793, &c. relatncd.

The Lord huve agteuJ to

Conf.did \ted

FhjuI Bill.

40 Geo. III. 28"

jesty's CommilHon, the Royal Assent, desired to Hate to the House the Circumstances attending this Proceeding: Mr. Speaker said, That it being Four of the Clock, and Forty Members not being present, he had taken the Chair, and as he was counting the House, the Black Rod came, and delivered a Message from the Lords authorized by His Majesty's Commission to give the Royal Assent to several Bills therein mentioned, desiring the immediate Attendance of this House to hear the Commission read: And Mr. Speaker also Hated, That the Three several Bills for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money for the Service of the Year, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, had been brought from the Lords, and were, at that Time, upon the Table of this House; and having also been informed, that Meli'engers Were at that Time waiting at the Door of the House with the Agreement of the Lords to the said Bills, and to the other Bills mentioned in the said Mcf-lage, without any Amendment, Mr. Speaker took the said Bills respecting the Loans or Exchequer Bills, and presented them to the Lords in the usual Manner, at which Time all the Bills mentioned in the said Commission received the Royal Assent: Under these Circuin-Itances Mr. Speaker l'ubmitted to the House what lie had doncj which the House approved; but, on the Suggestion of Mr. Speaker, a lpccial Entry was directed to be made in the Journals of the Circumstances of the Calc.

Mr. NicholasVanjittart reported from the Committee,

to whom the tngrofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jran Elizabeth Val-

letta, Widow, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Nicholas Vmifittart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the adjourned Debate upon the Motion, That the Amount of the Public Funded Debt on the ill of February 1793 was £.238,231,248, exclusive of Long and Short Annuities, and Annuities for Lives, to the Amount of £. 1,373,550, of which Sums, Stock, to the Amount of £. 10,242,100, had been purchased by the Commissioners for redeeming the National Debt, and Annuities, to the Amount of £.79,880, had fallen in; reducing the actual Amount of the Debt on the ill of February 1793 to £. 227,989,148, and the Annuities to £. 1,293,670 — and that, on the ill of February 1800, Stock, to the Amount of £. 32,404,845, and Annuities to the Amount of £. 119,880, had been redeemed, and had fallen in, reducing the actual Amount of Debt existing before the War, on the ill of February 1800, to £. 205,826,403, and the Annuities to £. 1,255,670;

The House resumed the said adjourned Debate.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hoford and Mr.

Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to H is Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; for applying certain Sums of Money therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred; for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, loll, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; without any Amendment,: Aqjd also,

Yol. 55.

Julii. , 785

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Workmen to repeal an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, Combination intituled, "An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations " of Workmen," and to substitute other Provisions in lieu thereof; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Surinam Go-for indemnifying the Governor of Surinam, or the Person

acting as such, for having permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms, and for making void all Seizures of Ships, Vessels, or Goods, for any Thing done in pursuance of such Penniffion; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the Question being again proposed. That the QwfHons pre-Amount of the Public Funded Debt, on the ill of February 1793, was £. 238,231,248, exclusive of Long and nance. £ Short Annuities, and Annuities for Lives, to the Amount of £.1,373,55°; of which Sums, Stock, to the Amount of £. 10,242,100, had been purchased by the Commissioners for redeeming the National Debt, and Annuities, to the Amount of £.79,880, had fallen in; reducing the actual Amount of the Debt on the ill of 1793

to £.227,989,148, and the Annuities to£. 1,293,670 —

and that, on the ill of February 1800, Stock, to the Amount of £.32,404,845, and Annuities to the Amount of £.119,880, had been redeemed, and had fallen in; reducing the actual Amount of Debt existing before the War, on the ill of February 1800, to £. 205,826,403, and the Annuities to£. 1,253,670;

And the previous Queluon being put, That that Question be now put;

It pasted in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Total Amount of Stock created since the 5th 0 i January 1793 (including the Amount created

by the Sums borrowed in the present Session, and after deducting £.12,328,449 purchased by the Commissioners on the ill of February 1800) is £.252,964,226, df which Sum the Interest on £. 7,502,633 is payable by the Emperor of Germany-, and the Interest on £.15,315,000 is payable by Ireland: And that Annuities have been granted, since the 5th of January 1793, to the Amount of £. 542,664 per Annum; of which £.9,791 is payable by Ireland, and £.250,000 by the Emperor of many;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Total Amount of the Public Funded Debt (including the Amount created by the Sums borrowed in the present Session, and after deducting £.44,733,294 purchased by the Commissioners, and £. 12,133,371 on Account of Land Tax redeemed) was, on the ill of February 1800, £.446,657,258; of which

Sum £.22,817,633 is on Account of Ireland and the Emperor of Germany; leaving a Funded Debt charged on Great Britain of £.423,839,625, including£.56,445,000 provided for by the Tax on Income: And that the Amount of Annuities charged on Great Britain was, on the ill of February 1800 (after deducting what have fallen in) in Short Annuities £. 548,930, and Long Annuities, £. 1,007,612;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Sum applicable to the Reduction of the National Debt was, on the ill of February 1793, £.1,427,143, and on the 5th of January 1800, £.4,649,870;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It pasted in the Negative.

9 O A Motion

a86 Julii. 1800.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poi'ed. That the Annual Charge incurred by the Permanent Debt, on the 5th of January 1793,was£. 10,325,866, including £. 1,000,000 applicable to the Reduction of the Debt:

That the Annual Charge incurred by the Permanent Debt created since the 5th of January 1793 (exclusive of Interest payable by Ireland, and including the Charge incurred by the Loan of the present Session) is £.8,582,395, including £. 1,901,700, applicable to the Reduction of Debt; and that a further Charge of £. 497,735 fer Annum is guaranteed by Parliament in Default ot Payment of the Interest of certain Loans by his Majesty the Emperor of Germany;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro poled. That, exclusive of Anticipations of the Receipt of certain Taxes, and Payments on Loans, to the Amount of £. 8,360,960, the Unfunded Debt in Exchequer Bills, unprovided for, or provided for out ot' Funds which have proved insufficient, was, on the 5th of January 1800, £.11,999,740:

That the Debt of the Navy, remaining to be provided for, was, on the 5th of January 1800,£. 5,9 92,288:

That, under the Heads of Treasury, Army, Barracks, Advances from Civil List, Deficiency of Ways and Means for 1799, and Re-payments to be made for Services not voted, but paid out of Grants for 1799, out-standing Demands, as far as the same can be made up, remained to be provided for, on the 5th of January 1800, to the Amount of £.2,048,540:

And that the Total Amount of Exchequer Bills, Navy Debt, and Demands outstanding unprovided for, or provided for out of Funds which have proved insufficient, on the 5th of January 1800, was £.20,040,568; of which Sum £. 7,548,272 has been since provided for out of the Loan of the present Session, leaving an Unfunded Debt unprovided for of £.12,492,296, exclusive of £. 3,000,000 advanced as a Loan to the Public by the Bank, for the Renewal of the Bank Charter;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

Jt passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Net Produce of the old Permanent Taxes, existing previous to the War, was, on the 5th of January 1793, £. 14,284,000:

That the Net Produce of the old Permanent Taxes, existing previous to the War, was, on the 5th of January 1800, £. 15,586,504:

That the Net Produce of the Taxes imposed since the

5th of Januaty 1793 amounted, i'n the Year ending the 5th of January 1800,to£. 8,205,290:

And that the Total Net Produce of the Permanent Taxes, on the 5th of January 1800, amounted to £.23,791,794;

And the previous Question being pat, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the' Question being pro posed, That the Total Official Value of all Imports into Great Britain, in the Year ending the 5th 1793,

was £.19,659,358; and, on an Average of Six Years, ending the 5th of January 1793, was£. 18,685,390:

That the Total Official Value of all Imports in the Year ending the 5th of January 1800, supposing the Imports from the East Indies, of which no Account has yet been made up, to be the same as in the preceding Year, was£. 29,945,808; and on an Average of Six Years, ending the 5th of January 1800, was £. 24,505,125;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro posed. That the Total Official Value of Produce

and Manufactures exported, in the Year ending the 5th of January 1793,was £. 18,336,851; and on an Aver -age of Six Years, ending the 5th of January 1793, was £.14,771,049:

That the Total Official Value of British Produce and Manufactures, exported in the Year ending the 5th of January 1800, was £.24,084 088; and on an Aver- age of Six Years, ending the 5th of January 1800, was

£. 18,804,254} .

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion wras made, and the Question being pro posed. That the Total Official Value of Foreign Merchandize, exported from Great Britain in the Year ending the 5th of January 1793, was £. 6,568,346; and on an Average of Six Years, ending the 5th of January 1793, was £.5,469,014:

That the Total Official Value of Foreign Merchandize, exported in the Year ending the 5th of January 1800, was £. 11,906,608; and on an Average of Six Years, ending the 5th of January 1800, was£.i 1,677,381;

And the previous Question being pat. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative. *

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Total Sum to be raised in Great Britain in the Year 1800, may be estimated as follows; viz.

Interest of Public Funded Debt, Charges of Management, and Sinking Fund, on 5th of January 1800, after deducting the Interest payable by Ireland ——

Interest, 8cc. to be incurred and paid between the 5th of January 1800 and the qth of January 1801, on Stock created by Loans in the present Session to the Amount of £.18,500,000 -

Interest on Exchequer Bills, estimated to be the same as paid in the Year ending 5th of January 1800 ——

Civil List ——

Other Charges on the Consolidated Fund, estimated to be the same as in the Year ending 5th of January 1800 ——

Civil Government of Scotland, Pensions on Revenue, Militia and Deserters Warrants, and Bounties for promoting Fisheries, &c. estimated as before Charges of Management of the Revenue, estimated as- before -Estimated Charges of collecting Income Tax- -

Supplies voted for 1800, exclusive of Vote of Credit 1799 -

Advance to Ireland -

Vote of Credit for probable Contingencies -

Interest payable for Imperial Loans - - - - .

L

19.307.000

962,850

1,021,626

898.000

239,297

647,183

1,629,769

150.000 35.6S6.552

2,000,000

1,400,000

497.735

£. 64,440,012

And

Debnte on J^lotion respe^h'ng the Public Debt on 5th January 17 6, &o. resumed.

' :irr — -=s-

46 Geo. III. c8° Julii.

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed,

That it appears by the Report of a Committee of this House in 179?, that the actual Expenditure of the Peace Establishment (including the Annual Million for the Sinking Fund) was, on an Average of Five Years, ending the 5th of January 1791- -

That the Additional Charge incurred by Debt created since 17(73, exclusive of Interest payable by Ireland, is - -That the additional Charge to be incurred for increased Amount of Exchequer Bills outstanding, is- - .

That the additional Charge to be incurred for Interest of Navy Debt, is -That the additional Charge incurred on the Consolidated Fund, is That the additional Charge incurred for a Sum Annually voted for Redemption of Debt, is ——

That the additional Charge on 18,000 Seamen, the Number.employed in the last Peace, from Augmentation of Pay, Addition to their Provisions, and increased Price of Naval Stores, cannot be estimated at less than -That the additional Pay to the Army, on the same Number as in the last Peace, deducting Stoppages, cannot be estimated at less than -That the increased Charge of Half Pay, and cannot be estimated at

less than ——

That the increased Charges of the Ordnance, calculated on the Numbers in the last Peace, cannot bexilimated at less than ——

And that the future Peace Establishment (exclusive of any Charges to be incurred by Interest, on Sums to be paid on winding up the Expences of the . War, exclusive of any Augmentation in the Naval or Military Establishments beyond the last Peace; and exclufi % 'e 0^.497,000 Interest due by the Emperor of Germany, and guaranteed by Parliament) cannot be estimated at leis than - - - £.

c

16,216,98$

8>$82,39S

55,000

150.000

13 g

200.000

351.000

170.000

130.000 49,500

26,636,5 30

787

And the previous Question being put, That that £.1,373.550: That, on the 1 ft of 1793, Stock,

Question be now put j to the Amount of £.10,242,100, had been purchased by

It patied in the Negative. _ the Commissioners for redeeming the National Debt,

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- and Annuities to the Amount of £.79,880, had fallen posed, That the Gross Produce of the Tax on Income in, and had been carried to their Account, reducing the ' for the Year ending the 5th of April 1800 (exclusive of actual Amount of the Debt, on the 5th of 1793,

Voluntary Contributions) did not exceed the Sum of to £.227,989,148, and the Annuities to £. 1,293,670 —

£. 5,801,624; and that, on the ift of February 1S00, Stock, to the

And the previous Question being put. That that Amount of £.32,404,845, had been purchased by the Question be now put; Commissioners for redeeming the National Debt, and

It passed in the Negative. Annuities to the Amount of £.119,880, had fallen in,

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- and been carried to their Account, reducing the aiftual posed, That the Amount of Three per Cent. Stock (of Amount of Debt exilling before the War, on the iftof which the Interest is to be defrayed, and the Principal Februa 1800, to £.205,826,403, and the Annuities to to be redeemed by the Tax on Income) created in the £.1,253,670.

Year 1798, was £. 16,oco, oooo; in the Year 1799, And the Question being again proposed;

£. 19,250,000; and in the Year iSco, £. 21,195,000; The Amendment following was proposed to be made

making a Total Amount to be redeemed by the Tax on to the Question; viz.

Income of £.56,445,000; After the Words " That the Amount of the" to in-

And the previous Question being put, That that fert " Capital of the."

Question be now put; And the Question being put, That those Words be

It passed in the Negative. there inserted;

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- It was resolved in the Affirmative, poled, That, iuppoling the War to end with the present Then the main Question, lb amended, being put;

Year, the Net Annual Produce of the Tax on Income Resolved, That the Amount of the Capital of the Rcfolmionsre-

to be £.6,000,000, and the Three per Cents, to be on Public Funded Debt was, on the 5th of January 1786, ^Dce"6 Fl' an Average at £. 80, the Sum of£.56,445,000, together £.238,231,248, exclusive of Long and Short An-with the Interest thereon, would not be redeemed until nuities, and Annuities for Lives, to the Amount of the Beginning of the Year 1S10: And that the probable £.1,373,550: That, on the 1 ft of 1793, Stock,

Annual Expenditure during the first Nine Years of to the Amount of £. 10,242,100, had been purchased by Peace (exclusive of any Charges to be incurred for Sums the Commissioners for redeeming the National Debt; to be paid on winding up the Expences of the War, or and Annuities to the Amount of £.79,880 had fallen in, any Incrcate in the Naval or Military Establishments and had been carried to their Account; reducing the beyond the last Peace) cannot be estimated at less than actual Amount of the Debt, on the 5th of January 1793, £.32,600,000; to £. 227,989,148, and the Annuities to£. 1,293,670 —

And the previous Question being put. That that and that, on the ift of February 1800, Stock to the Question be now put; Amount of £.32,404,845 had been purchased by the

It passed in the Negative. Commissioners for redeeming the National Debt; and

Annuities to the Amount of £. 119,880 had fallen in.

The House, according to Order, resumed the ad- and been carried to their Account; reducing the actual journed Debate upon the Motion, That the Amount of Amount of Debt existing before the War, on the ift of the Public Funded Debt was, on the 5th of January February 1800, to £.205,826,403, and the Annuities to 7^6,£238,231,248, exclusive of Long and Short An- £.1,253,670.

nuities, and Annuities for Lives, to the Amount of Resolved, That the Amount of the Capital of the Vol. 55. Publiq

788 280 J 18do.

Public Funded Debt, created lines the ill of February 1793 (including the Amount to be created by Sums borrowed in the present Session of Parliament, and exclusive of £.7,502,633 Three Cent. Stock, created by Advances to the Emperor of Germany) was, on the ill of February1800,£.157,787,792: That the Amount of Long Annuities created during the same Period was £.312,664 per Annum, exclusive of £.230,000 created by Advances to the Emperor of Germany: That of these . Sums£. 15,315,000 Capital, and £.9,791 Long Annuities, arc on Account of Ireland, and £. 56,445,000 is provided for by the Tax on Income, leaving a Permanent Debt of £.186,027,792 charged on Great Britain And that, on the ill of February 1800, £.12,328,449 had been purchased by the Commissioners for redeeming the National Debt; reducing the said Permanent Debt, created since the 5th of January 1793, to£. 173,699,543, exclusive of Long Annuities to the Amount of^.302,873 per Annum, after deducting the Annuities payable by Ireland.

Resolved, That the Total Amount of the Permanent Funded Debt charged on Great Britain, aft or deducting the Sum of above £.44,000,000, redeemed by, and the Annuities fallen in to, the Commissioners, and £. 12,133.371 transferred to the Commissioners on Account of Land Tax redeemed, was, on the ift of February 1800, nearly £. 368,000,000, together with Short Annuities to the Amount ot £. 549,130, and Long Annuities to the Amount of £.987,947, after deducing the Annuities provided for by Ireland

Resolved, That the Sum Annually applicable to the Reduction of the National Debt, in pursuance of the 'Act passed in 1786, was £.1,000,000, being about i-238th Part of the Capital of the Permanent Debt then exiiling; and, for 1793, was £. 1,427,143, being about i-i6otii Part of the Permanent Debt exilting in 1793, and may, for the Year 1800, be estimated at £.4,730,000, being about i-Sad Part of the Permanent Debt existing in 1800.

Resolved, That the Annual Charge incurred on Account of the Permanent Debt, on the 5th of January 1786, was £.9,297,000, before any Fund was created applicable to the Reduction of the Debt, and on the 5th ofj,b»K7rji793was£. 10,325,oooo, including£. 1,000,coo applicable to the Reduction of the Debt; and that in the said Sum of £. 10,325,000 is included the Interest of £.32,404,000 Capital Stock redeemed, and the Amount of Annuities fallen in, and transferred by the Commissioners, making together the Sum of £. 1,097,000.

Resolved, That the Annual Charge incurred on Account of the Permanent Debt created since the 5th of January 1793 (including£.314,000 Permanent Interest; and Charge on Loan of the present Session) amounts to £.8,582,429 per Annum, of which £.6,311,479 is for

Interest:, Annuity, and Charges of Management, of such Part of the said Debt as was unredeemed on the ift of February 1S00, and £. 1,902,000, being One per Cent. Sinking Fund on the Capital of the said Debt applicable to the Reduction thereof, and £.369,000 is the Interest of such Part of the said Debt as was redeemed on the 1 ft of February 1800; and that a further Charge of £.497,735 per Annum is guaranteed by Parliament, in Default of Payment of the Interest of certain Loans by his Majesty the Emperor of Germany.

P.ejolved, That the Outstanding Demands, exclusive of Unfunded Debt, and exclusive of the Anticipation of certain Duties annually voted, and including £. 816,658, being Payments for Services, not being Part of Supplies 799' ari(l including £.447,039 Deficiency of Ways and Means 1799, was, on the 5th of o,

£.4,154,488; the Whole of which has been provided lor. Part thereof in the former Session of Parliament, and the Remainder in the present Session.

Resolved, That the Unfunded Debt (exclusive of the Anticipation 12 the usual Form on certain Duties annually voted) on the 5th of January 1793, amounted

to £.8,925,422, and on the 5th of January 1800. to £.14,406,288; of which £. i ,914,000 wat provided for in the present Session of Parliament, leaving an Unfunded Debt of £. 12,-192,2S3, which lucrease ot £.3,566,866 beyond the Amount of the Unfunded DJ;t on the 5th of January 1795, is occasioness chiefly from an Addition of £. 1,000,000 Exchequer Bill?, and of an additional Navy Debt arising from uncreated Demands during the War, and bearing no Interest

Rejohed, That the Net Produce of the Permanent Taxes exiiling on the 5th of Jan 1784, then amounted to £. 10,194,259; and that Taxes were afterwards imposed to defray the Expences of the War ending in 1785, amounting, in 1786, to£.933,000, making' together £. 1 1,132,000.

Resolved, That the Net Produce of the Permanent Tax s exiiling previous to the Year 17S4, adding thereto about £.938,000 imposed, as above flated, in 1, 84 and 1785, and £. 137,000 arising from the Consolidation Act, and from Duties imposed in 1789, was, in th® Year ending the 5th of January 1793, £. 14,284,000 j on the 5th of January 1794, £. 13,941,000; on the 5th of January 1795, £. 13,858,000; on the 5th of January 1796, £. 13,557,000; on the 5th or January 1797, £.14,292,000; on the 5th of January

1798, £. 13,332,000; on the 5th of January 1799, £.14,275,000; and on the 5th of July 18 00,£. 15,432,254, which last Sum, after deducting the Duties arising from the Consolidation Act, and those imposed in 1789, exceeds the Net Produce of the Permanent Taxes on 5th January 1784, together with that of the Taxes imposed in 1784 and 1785, by £,4,163,254.

Resolved, That the actual Net Produce of the Taxes, imposed since the 5th of January 1793, amounted, in the Year ending the 5th of July j Soo, to £. 8,477,100 — and that on Part of these Taxes the Produce of One Year has not yet been received, and only £. 113,707 of those imposed in the present Year, estimated at £. 3 50,000; and that the Total Net Produce of the Permanent Taxes in the Year ending the ;th of Jv.lx 1800, amounted to

£ 23>9°9'3i4-

Rejoined, That the Total Grots Receipt within the

Year (deducing Re-payments, Discounts, and Drawbacks, and alto deducting all Loins and Monies paid to Government) was in the Year 1797, £. 23,076,179; in the Year 1798, £. 30,176,303; and in the Y'ear

1799, £.34,750,976, being an Increase, compared with 1797, of £.11,674,797; and compared with 1798 of £.4,574,673.

Resolved, That the Total Gross Receipt applicable to the Service of the Year 1799, exclusive of Loans and Exchequer Bills, was estimated in the Resolutions of the House of Commons, on the 3d of July 1799, at £.38,145,000; and that the actual Gro;s Receipt so applicable, taking the Produce of the Income Duty at £. 5,801,624, the Seventh Inllaiment of the Aid and Contribution, at £. 650,000, and the Voluntary Contribution at £.255,000, amounted to £.38,857,171, exceeding the above Estimate by £.713,171.

Resolved, That the Total Value of all Imports into Great Britain, in the Year ending 5th o 1784,

w'as £. 13,122,235; and on an Average of Six Years, ending 5th of January 1784, was £. 11,690,829: That the Total Value of all Imports into Great Britain, in the Year ending the 5th of January 1793,was £. 19,659,358; and on an Average of Six Years, ending the 51li of

nuary 1795, was £. 18,685,390: Tint the Total \aiue of all Imports into Gre.it Britain, in the Year ending the 5th of January 1800 (suppoling the Imports f rom the Indies, ot which no Account has yet Oeen made up, to be the same as in the preceding Year) was£.29,o 5.5,808, unking an Increase, as compared with 1 783, ot£.i 6,825,5 73; and with 1792, of £. 10,286,450; and on an Average of Six Years, ending the 5th or January 1800, was £.24,407,000; making an increate, as compared with the Average to Janunjc 5th 1,784, ot £. 12,71 7,000;

40 Geo. III. $8° J. 780

and with the Average to January 5th 1793, of £. 5,7 22,000.

Resolved, That the Total Value of British Manufactures exported from Great Britainin the Year ending the 5th of January 1784, was £. 10,409,713, and on lan Average of Six Years, ending 5th of January 1784, was £. 8,616,660; that the Total Value of Manufactures, exported from Great Britain in the Year ending the 5th of January 1793, was £. 18,336,831; and on an Average of Six Years, ending the 3th of January 1793, £. 14,771,049; that the Total Value of British Manufactures exported from Great , in the Year ending the 3th of January 1800, was £.24,084,000, making an Increase, as compared with 1783, of £ i3>674»375» and with 1792, of £.5,748,000; and on an Average of Six Years, ending tire 5th of January 1800, was £. 18,804,000, making an Increase, as compared with the Average to January 5th 1784, of £. 10,188,000, and, with the Average to January 5th 1793, of £.4,033,000.

Resolved, That the Total Amount of Foreign Merchandize exported from Great Britain, in the Year ending the 5th of January 1784, was 4,332,909; and on an Average of Six Years, ending the 5th of January 1784, was £.4,263,930 — That the Total Value of Foreign Merchandize exported from Great Britain, in the Year ending the 3th of January \ 793, was £. 6,568,000; and on an Average of Six Years, ending the 5th of January 793 was £. 5,468,014: That the Total Value of Foreign Merchandize exported from Great Britain, in the Year ending the 5th of January 1800, was£. 11,906,060, making an Increase, as compared with 1783, of £.7,374,000, and, with 1792, of £.5,338,000; and on an Average of Six Years, ending 5th of January 1806, was £.11,677,000, making an Increase, as compared with the Average to January 5th 1784, of £.7,414,000, and, with the Average to January 5th, 1793, of £. 6,209,000.

Resolved, That the Total Sum to be raised in Great Britain in the Year 1800, may be estimated as follows; viz.

Interest of Public Funded Debt, Charges of Management, -and £. Sinking Fund, on 5th of January 1800, after deducting Interest payable by Ireland - -- -- - 19,307,000

Interest, &c. to be incurred and paid between jth January 1800 and 5th January 1801, on Stock created by Loans in the present Session, to the Amount of -Interest on Exchequer Bills, estimated to be the same as paid in the Year to 5th January 1800 . -

The Civil List ——

Other Charges on Consolidated Fund, estimated to be the same as

incurred in the Year ending 5th January 1800 -

Civil Government of Scotland, estimated as before -Pensions on Hereditary Revenue, - D°-Militia and Deserters Warrants, - D - -

Bounties for promoting Fisheries, Linen Manufactures, &c. estimated as before - -/

Charges of Management of the Revenue, estimated as before, including the Expence of collecting the Income Tax - - 1 ,757,543

Making the Total Permanent Charges to be defrayed out of the Gross Re-> ceipt of Permanent Revenue ——

Supplies voted for 1800, exclusive of £. 1,914,000, to defray Vote of Credit^ 799 ...... V

962.000

1,021,626

898.000

239>297

647,183

24,832,649

35,6^6,552

Advance to Ireland -

Vote of Credit for probable Contingencies

Interest payable for Imperial Loans

£. 2,000,000 - 1,4.00,000

497,000

60,519,201

3,897,000

Making in the Whole the Sum of

£. 64,416,201

Resolved, That the Gross Receipt of the Permanent Revenue (after deducting Re-payments for Over Entries, Drawbacks, and Bounties in the Nature of Drawbacks) amounted, in the Year ending the 5th of July 1800, to -That the Tax on Income is estimated to produce, for the Year 1800, a Sum of That the Tax on Imports and Exports may be estimated to produce a Sum of That further Sums are applicable to the Service of the Year 1800 j as follows: Surplus of Consolidated Fund, after completing Grants to 5th April 1800 Re-payments from Grenada, Imprefts, and Lottery -And that the Remainder of the Supply for the Year 1800, is provided for by a Loan, on Account of Great Britain, of- - - -

And a Loan for Ireland of ——

And by Exchequer Bills to be charged on Supplies, 1801 -

And Loan from the Bank of ——

And expected Additional Produce of Taxes, 1800 - - - , -

28.224.000

7.000. 000 1,250,000

597/300

826.000

18.500.000

2.000. 000

3.000. 000

3.000. 000

240.000

Making in the Whole the Sum of - - - - £.64,637,000

Resolved, That, estimating the Gross Receipt of the Permanent Revenue to continue the same as in the Year ending the 5th of July 1800, and adding thereto the additional expected Produce of the Permanent Taxes imposed is this Session of Parliament, the Total Amount to be raised by Permanent and Temporary Taxes, for the Service of the Year 1860, may be computed at the Sum of - £.36,714,000.

Vol. 55.

9 P Resolved,

Address for Cl.airrmn of Committee of Ways and Means.

A<Wrefs for Clerk Am-an.

Address for Peputy Serjeant at Arms.

79°

28 Julii.

A. 1800.

Resolved, That it appears, by a Report of a Committee of this House in 1791, that the actual Expenditure (including the Annual Million for the Reduction of the Public Debt) on an Average of Five Years of Peace, ending 5th of January 1791, and including sundry Extraordinary Expences for the Armament of 1787, and for Payments to American Loyalists, and other Articles of a temporary Nature, amounted to But the Peace Establishment was estimated by the said Committee at And that the Expence of the Year 1792 amounted nearly to that Sum.

That the additional Permanent Charge incurred by the Debt created since 1793, exclusive of Interest payable by Ireland, is -That the additional Charge to be incurred for increased Amount of Exchequer Bills outstanding, is ——

Interest on Money for satisfying increased Navy Debt at Five per Cent, at - -

That the additional Charge incurred on the Consolidated Fund, is That the additional Charge incurred for a Sum Annually voted for the Redemption of Debt, is -

And that the future Peace Establishment (exclusive of any Charges to be incurred by Interest, on Sums to be paid on winding up the Expences of the War; and of any Augmentation which may take place in the Naval or Military Establishments, but allowing for Increase of Pay and other Expences And allb exclusive of £.497,000 Interest on Loans due by the Emperor of Ger-

16,816,984

i5»969»i7 *

8.582,39

55,000

150.000 13 650

200.000

700,000

many, and guaranteed by Parliament) may be estimated at

- £-25,788,223

Resolved, That the Produce of the Tax on Income, in the Year ending the 5th of

April 1 800, appears to be 5,801,624

Voluntary Contribution - ... 255,000

Duty on Exports and Imports may-be calculated at ----- 1,250,000

£- 7,306,624

And that the Produce of the Permanent Taxes, imposed previous to the 5th of January 1793, has, in the Year ending 5th July 1800, exceeded, by nearly £.2,000,000, the Sum estimated by the Committee in 1791, as necessary for the Peace Establishment.

Resolved, That, during the Continuance of the Tax on Income, after the Conclusion of the War, if the Produce in future Years should amount to £. 7,000,000, the Total Annual Expenditure may be estimated at about £.33,600,000, including therein the said Sum of £. 7,000,000, applicable Annually (over and above all other Sums in the Hands of the Commissioners) to the Reduction of Debt.

Resolved, That the Amount of Three per Cent.Stock, created in the Years 1798, 1799, and 1800,

and of which the Interest is to be defrayed, and the Principal to be redeemed by the Tax on Income, is---- ----- - £.56,445,000.

Resolved, That, suppofing the War to end with the Year 1800, the Three per Cent. Stock, to remain on an, Average of Three Years after Peace at £. 80, and the Tax on Income to produce £. 7,000,000 per Annum, the Capital Stock of£. 56,445/300, together with the Interest payable thereon, would be redeemed in the Year 1808.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of

His Majesty, That. He will be graciously pleased to His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council,

order the Sum of Twelve Hundred Pounds to be advanced to Charles Bragge, Esquire, for his Services to Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Addrtft for this House in the present Session, as Chairman of the His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order P1erl°^sbcm~ Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- the Sum of One Thousand Pounds to be issued to Committee on

ferred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Charles Abbot, Esquire, Chairman of the Select Commit- Public Re-

Supply granted to His Majesty; and to assure His Ma- tee, appointed to enquire into the State of the Public wrd$ jesty, that this House will make good the fame. Records of this Kingdom, and of such other Public In-

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His struments, Rolls, Books, and Papers, as they shall think Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His proper j and to report to the House the Nature and Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council. Condition thereof, together with what they shall judge

fit to be done for the better Arrangement, Preserva-Resolved, That an humble Address b; presented to tion, and more convenient Use, of the lame} to be distri-His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to di- buted by him to Alexander- Esquire, Barrister at

rc(fl such a Sum of Money to be issued to Jeremiah Dy- Law, Joseph Planta, Esquire, Principal Librarian of the son, Esquire, Clerk Assistant of this House, for his Ser- BritifyMufeum, John Caley, Esquire, Keeper of the Revices to this House in the present Session, as, together cords of the Augmentation Office, Mr. George Vanderzee, with the Fees and Emoluments of the said Office, will a Clerk in the Office of the King's Remembrancer in the amount to the clear Sum of One Thousand Five Hun- Exchequer, Mr. Jonathan Hewlett, a Clerk in the Office dred Pounds. of the Prothonotaries in the Court of Common Pleas,

and to Mr. Thomas Bryan Richards,, who have been em-Refo/ved, That an humble Address be presented to ployed by the said Committee in their Researches; and His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to di- to Mr. Samuel Gunnell, the Clerk to the said Committee, red such a Sum of Money to be issued to John Clement- for his Attention to the Business and Correspondence of [on, Esquire, Deputy Serjeant at Arms attending this the Committee, and to indemnify him for his Expences House, for his Services to this House in the present Sef- incurred in respect thereof; and to assure His Majesty fion, as, together with the Emoluments of the said Of- that this House will make good the fame, fice, will amount to the clear Sum of Five Hundred Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Pounds. Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered,

Journal to be punted *

40 Geo. III. 28° — 29 Julii. 791

Ordered, That the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this present Session, with an Index to the Fifty-fifth Volume,

be printed.

Ordered, That One Thousand Five Hundred Copies of the said Journal and Index be printed, by the Appointment, and under the Direction of John Ley, Esquire, Deputy to the Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That the said Journal and Index be printed by such Person as shall be licenced by Mr. Speaker; and that no other Person do presume to print the fame.

Address for llefolved, That an humble Address be presented to r^king j|Wa'Js bhi Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to or-G.nei»i index der a Sum, not exceeding Three Hundred Pounds, to to^the Jvur- be advanced to Mr. Samuel towards defraying the

Expence of making a General Index to the Journals of this House from the Forty-fifth Volume; and to afiure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame. D® - - - for Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to A-xk«ofhe Iu Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to or-

Voies. der the Sum of Two Hundred and Twenty Pounds to

be advanced to Mr. George for making an In-

dex to the Votes-of this House, of the last Session of Parliament, and for defraying the Expence of printing the same; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie Upon the 'fable.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart reported from the Committee, Sulwherger.'s to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled) Nart;e®1|J Je An Act for naturalizing Johan Gotlieb Lebreclit - paired.' bergen, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment t And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Nicholas Vansittart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without ar.y Amendment.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 2 90 die Julii;

Anno 40° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1800.

Iteport from Committee on Measurt for better regulating the Fort of l ondon»

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart reported from the Committee appointed to consider of such further Measures as may benecessary for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of and to report their Proceedings from Time to Time, together with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; That the Committee liad considered the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof, together with several Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read; and the Resolutions of the Committee are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is essential to the Improvement and Accommodation of the Port of London, that London Bridge should be re-built, on such a Construction as to permit a free Passage, at all Times of the Tide, for Ships of such a Tonnage at least as the Depth of the River would admit at present between London Bridge and B/ackfriars Jl.idge.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Iron Bridge, having its Centre Arch not leis than 65 Feet high in the Clear above High Water Mark, will answer the intended Purposes, with the greatest Convenience, and at the lead Expence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the most convenient Situation for the new Bridge will be immediately above Saint Saviour's Church in Southwark, and upon a Line leading from thence to the Royal Exchange.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Shoals between the Tower and Blackfriars Bridge ought to be removed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the River ought to be embanked on a regular Plan from the Tower to Blackfriars Bridge, and Wharfs

with Warehouses formed on the Embankments.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Notices required by the Standing Orders of the House, preparatory to the Execution of such a Plan as may finally be approved of, ought to be given previous to the n<^xt Session of Parliament, in order that the Work, if lanctioned by Parliament, may proceed without Delay.,

VoL- C 5- / *

Prayers.

THE House proceeded to take into Consideration Lord Amend.

the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, XifKHcrfin-j intituled, An Act to permit, until Six Weeks after the Bill, agrwdw. Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Importation of Swedish Herrings into Great Britain.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

At the End of the Bill, insert Clause (A.)

Clause (A.) " Provided always, That it shall not " be lawful to export Swedish Herrings to any of His Majesty's " Colonies in the The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to their Account of Order,

An Account of the Sinecure Offices, together with P those where the Duty is performed by Deputies, which were held by Patent or otherwise in Great Britain, that have become vacant since the Appointment of the Committee of Finance in April 1797, with the Emoluments appertaining to each, and the Department to which they specifically belong; distinguishing such as have fallen in, and become a Saving to the Public Revenue, from those to which Persons have been since appointed; specifying the Names of the Persons so appointed, the Date of such Appointment, the Period for which it been made, and the Emoluments thereof, and what other Emoluments are held by Pensions or other Offices by such Persons. '

And the Title of the said Account was Tead.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session. '

Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to theif Order,

Further Proceedings of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or in consequence of Directions

from

Further Pro.

ceetiings i o-specting 1 he Office for Auditing Public Account , prelemed.

Account of Volunteer Corps, presented.

TauntoriWrit.

Angers to AddrtiTes.

79a

2 9° Julii. A. 1800.

from them, respecting the Office for auditing the Public Accounts.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. tlujlijjon presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Volunteer Corps of Cavalry and Infantry in Great Britain, specifying their Numbers, the Conditions on which they engaged to serve, and those which receive Pay; as far as the same can be made our.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That t he said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruicd by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Taunton, in the County of Somerset ,in the room of Sir Benjamin Hammer, deceased.

Mr. Secretary at War reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Twelve Hundred Pounds to be advanced to Charles Esquire, for

his Services to this House in the present Session, as Chairman of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Wa^ and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and to allure His Majesty that this House will make good the fame) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Address.

Mr. Secretary at War also reported to the House, That their Addresses of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to direct such a Sum of Money to be issued to 'JeremiaDvfon, Esquire, Clerk Assistant of this House, for his Services to this House in the present Session, as, together with the Fees and Emoluments of the said Office, will amount to the clear Sum of One Thousand Five Hundred Pounds; and alto, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to dire cl such a Sum of Money to be issued to John -raentjou, Esquire, Deputy Serjeant at Arms attending this »I louie, for his Services to this House in the present Session, as, together with the Emoluments of the said Office, will amount to the clear Sum of Five Hundred Pounds) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that lie will give Directions as desired by the said Addresses.

Mr. Secretary at War also reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleated to order the Sum of One Thousand Pounds to be issued to Charles Abbot, Esquire, Chairman of the Seled Committee, appointed to enquire into the State of the Public Records of this Kingdom, and of such other Public Instruments, Rolls, Books, and Papers, as they shall think proper; and to report to the House the Nature and Condition thereof, together with what {hey shall judge fit to be done for the better Arrangement, Preservation, and more convenient Use, of the lame, to be distributed by him to the several Persons therein mentioned, who have been employed by the said Committee in their Researches; and to Mr. Samuel Gun-mil, the Clerk to the said Committee, for his Attention to the Business and Correspondence of the Committee, and to indemnify hipa for his Expence6 incurred in re-

sped thereof; and to allure His Majesty that this House will make good the fame) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Address.

Mr. Secretary at War also reported to the House, That their Addresses of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order a Sum, not exceeding Three Hundred Pounds, to be advanced to Mr. Samuel Dunn, towards defraying the Expence of making a General Index to the Journals of this House from the Forty-filth Volume; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame; and also, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Two Hundred and Twenty Pounds to be advanced to Mr.

George Whillam, for making an Index to the Votes of this House of the last Session of Parliament, and for defraying the Expence of printing the fame; and to afiure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Addresses.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Moly- Royal Anvni neux. Gentleman U flier of the Black Rod: toBilU.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting to Hir. Majesty, a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for applying certain Sums of Money therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred, for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders or other Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed:

An Act for indemnifying the Governor of Surinam, or the Person acting as such, for having permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms, and for making void alt Seizures of Ships, Vessels, or Goods, for any Thing done in pursuance of such Permission:

An Act to permit, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Importation of Swedish Herrings into Britain:

An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prevent unlawful " Combinations of Workmen," and to substitute other Provisions in lieu thereof:

An Act for naturalizing Johan Gotlieb Lebrecht bergen:

An Act for naturalizing Jean Elizabeth Grammont Fal~ lette. Widow.

After which, His Majesty was pleased to make a raoft His Majesty' Gracious Speech from the Throne, to both Houses of Speech' Parliament, as followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

In putting an End to this laborious Session of Parliament, I muftexprefs the just Sente I entertain of the Diligence and Perseverance with which you have applied yourselves to the various Objects of Public Concern which came under your Deliberation. It is -with peculiar Satisfaction I congratulate you on the Success of the Steps which you have taken for effecting an entire Union between My Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland.

This great Measure, on which My Withes have been long earnestly bent, I shall ever consider as the happiest Event of My Reign, being persuaded that nothing could so effectually contribute to extend to My Subjects the full Participation of the Blessings derived from the

40 Geo. III. 290 julii — 70 . 793

British Constitution, and to establish, on the most (bird your recent Declarations and Conduct must afford Me

Foundation, the Strength, Prosperity, and Power of the whole Empire.

I have witnessed, with great Concern, the severe Pressure on My People, from the continued Scarcity of the Season; but I trull that, under the Blessing of Providence, there is now every Reason to expect that the approaching Harvest will afford a speedy and effectual Relief.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I return you My particular Thanks for the Zeal and Liberality with which you have provided for the various Exigencies of the Public Service. I regret deeply the Necessity of these repeated Sacrifices on the Part of My Subjects: But they have been requisite for the Preservation of Our dearest Interests; and it is a great Consolation to observe, that, notwithstanding the Continuance of unusual Burthens, the Revenue, Commerce, and Resources of the Country have flourished beyond all former Example, and are Hill in a State of progref five Augmentation.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

The Coyrfe of the Campaign upon the Continent has, by a sudden Reverse, disappointed the sanguine Hopes which the Situation of Affairs at its Commencement appeared fully tojuftify, and has unhappily again exposed a considerable Part of Europe tothofe Calamities and Dangers, from which it had recently been refeued by the brilliant Success of My Allies.

Much as these Events are to be regretted, it will always be Matter of just Satisfaction to Me to reflect, that, in the Course of this important Contest, My Efforts, and those of My Parliament, have been unremittingly employed for the Maintenance of Our own Rights and Interests, and for animating and supporting the Exertions of other Powers in defending the Liberties of Europe.

notwithstanding the Vicissitudes of War, your Con-stancy and Firmnels have been productive of the most important and lading Advantages in the general Situation of Affairs; and the Determination manifested in

the belt Means of promoting, in Conjunction with My Allies, the general Interests, and of providing, under every Circumstance, for the Honour of My Crown, for the Happiness of My Subjects, and for the Security and Welfare of every Part of the Briti/Ji Empire.

And afterwards, the Lord Chancellor, by His Majesty's Command, said.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It is His Majesty's Royal Will and Pleasure, that this Parliament be prorogued to TueJ'day, the 7th Dav of October next, to be then here holden; and this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Tuesday, the 7th Day of October next.

Mart is, 70 die 0 Bohr is;

Anno 40° Georgii III. U Regis, 1800.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Prorogation j and Mr. Speaker being in the Country j

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulherof the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk Assistant, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, Until Tuesday, the 1 ith Day of November next,' and the

Parliament was accordingly prorogued until,

the 11 th Day of November next.

Vol. 55.

9 Q

Parliament

prorogued.

795

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Mart is, ii° die Ncvembris;

Anno 41 Georgii IIPU Regis, 1800.

Til E House being met in the Place called " The Painted Chamber,"in His Majesty's Palace of

Westminster;

MelTifre to at- A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had received from the Earl of Lord Chamberlain of

His Majesty's Household, a Letter ;which Mr. Speaker read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

Board of Green Cloth,

Sir, S' James's 29th Ooir 1800.

I am commanded by His Majesty to acquaint you, for the Information of the Members of the House of Commons, that the Chamber in the Palace of Wcjimin-Jler, which has usually been appropriated to the Meeting of the House of Commons, not being now in a State to receive the House, on Account of the Repairs and Alterations which His Majesty has directed to be made there, in consequence of the Union with , His Majesty has ordered the Painted Chamber in the same Palace to be fitted up and prepared for the temporary Accommodation of the House at the ensuing Meeting of Parliament.

1 have the Honour to be.

Sir,

Your most obedient

humble Servant,

The Right honourable the Leicester.

Speaker of the House of Commons,

13c. &c. &c.

Writ issued in Mr. Speaker also acquainted the House, That, in pur-

Recei:. fuance of the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty- fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal so much of Two Acts, made Vol. 55.

" in the Tenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of " His present Majesty, as authorizes the Speaker of the " House of Commons to issue his Warrants to the " Clerk of the Crown, for making out Writs for the " Election of Members to serve in Parliament, in the " Manner therein mentioned, and for substituting other " Provisions for the like Purposes,"-he had issued his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Member to' serve in Parliament for the City of Hereford, in the room of James Wahvyn, Esquire, deceased.

A Member, returned upon a new Writ, took the Membtr Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and take»0»th i took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; and the said Member, being by Law required to deliver in, to the Clerk of this House, an Account of his Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, arid took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing Clandestine Outlawry Outlawries, was read the First Time. Bl11' read‘

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended Mr. Speaker His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty yfor^ hL.|n was pleased to make a most Gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament; of which, Mr.

Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained t Copy; which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

My tender Concern for the Welfare of My Subjects, and a Senfc of the Difficulties with which the poorer Classes particularly have to struggle, from the present high Price of Provisions, have induced Me to call you together at an earlier Period than I had otherwise intended. No Object can be nearer My Heart than that, by your Care and Wisdom, all such Measures may be adopted as may, upon full Consideration, appear belt calculated to alleviate this severe Pressure, and to prevent the Danger of its Recurrence, by promoting, as far as possible, the permanent Extension and Improvement of Our Agriculture.

For the Object of immediate Relief, your Attention will naturally be directed, in the first Instance, to the

9 R bell

I ib Novembris.

A. iSoOi

heft Mode of affording the earlied and the mcfl ample Encouragement for the Importation of all Descriptions of Grain from Abroad.

Such a Supply, aided by the Examples which you have let on former Occasions of Attention to Economy and Frugality in the Consumption of Corn, is mod; likely to contribute to a Reduction in the present high Price, and to ini'ure, at the same Time, the Means of meeting the Demands for the necessary Consumption of the Year.

Th.e present Circumstances will also, I am persuaded, render the State of the Laws respecting the Commerce in the various Articles of Provision the Object of your lerious Deliberation.

If on the Result of that Deliberation it shall appear to you that the Evil necessarily arising from unfavourable Seasons has been increal'cd by any undue Combinations or fraudulent Practices for the Sake of adding unfairly to the Price, you will feel an earned: Desire of effectually preventing such Abul'es; but you will, I am sure, be careful to distinguish any Practices of this Nature from that regular and long established Course of Trade which Experience has shewn to be indispensable, in the present State of Society, for the Supply of the Markets, and for the Subsistence of My People.

You will have seen with Concern the temporary Disturbances which have taken place in some Parts of the Kingdom. Those malicious and difatfedled Persons who cruelly take Advantage of the present Difficulties to excite any of My Subjects to Adds in Violation of the Laws and of the Public Peace, arc in the present Circumstances doubly criminal, as such Proceedings must nccelfarily and immediately tend to increase, in the highest Degree, the Evil complained of, while they, at the same Time, endanger the permanent Tranquility of the Country; on which the Well-being of the in-dudrious ClalTes of the Community must always principally depend.

The voluntary Exertions which have on this Occasion been made for the immediate ltepression of these Outrages, and in Support of the Laws and Public Peace, are therefore entitled to My highest Praise.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

Under the Circumstances of the present Meeting, I am desirous of asking of you such Supplies only as may be necessary for carrying on the Public Service, till the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland may conveniently be assembled. The Estimates for that Purpose will be laid before you; and I have no Doubt of your Readiness to make such Provision as the Public Interests may appear to require.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I have directed Copies to be laid before you, of those Communications which have recently passed between Me and the French Government, respecting the Commencement 9f Negotiations for Peace. You will fee in them freln and striking Proofs of My earned Desire to contribute to the Re-establishment of general Tranquility. That desire on My Part has hitherto been unhappily frustrated, by the Determination of the Enemy to enter only on a separate Negotiation, in which it was impossible for Me to engage, confidently, either with Public Faith, or with a due Regard to the permanent Security of Europe.

My Anxiety for the speedy Restoration of Peace remains unaltered, and there will be no Obstacle nor Delay on My Part to the Adoption of such Measures as may bed tend to promote and accelerate that desirable End, confidently with the Honour of this Country and the true Interedsof My People: But if the Dil'po-fition of Our Enemies should continue to render this great Object of all My Willies unattainable, without the Sacrifice of these elsential Considerations, on the Maintenance of which all its Advantages must depend.

you will, I am confident, perfcverc in affording Me the same loyal and steady Support, which I have experienced through the Whole of this important Contest, and which has, under the Blelfing of Providence, enabled Me> during a Period of such unexampled Difficulty and Calamity to all the surrounding Nations, to maintain unimpared the Security and Fionour of thfcl'c Kingdoms.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the humble Thanks of this House, for His most Gracious Speech from the Throne:

That we acknowledge with Gratitude the tender Concern which His Majesty at all Times fiiews for the Welfare of His Subjects, and that paternal Senfcof the Difficulties with which the poorer ClalTes of them particularly have to druggie from the present high Price of Provisions, which have induced His Majesty to call us together at this Time:

That it will be equally our Wilh, and our Duty, to adopt, as expeditioudy as possible, all such Measures as may, upon due Consideration, appear bed calculated to alleviate this severe Pressure, and to prevent the Danger of its Recurrence, by promoting, as far as possible, Ihe permanent Extension and Improvement of our Agriculture:

That, for the Objctft of immediate Relief, our Attention will naturaily be directed, in the fird Instance, to the bed Mode of affording the earliest and most ample Encouragement for the Importation of all Descriptions of Grain from Abroad; being fully fenlible that such a Supply, aided by a general and strict Attention to Economy and Frugality in the Consumption of Corn, is most likely to contribute to a Reduction in the present Price, and to in sure, at the same Time, the Means of meeting the Demands for the necessary Consumption of the Year:

That the present Circumstances will undoubtedly render the State of the Laws reflecting th.e Commerce in the various Articles of Provision the Object of our serious Deliberation: That if, upon full Consideration, it shall appear that the Evil necessarily relulting from unfavourable Seasons has been increaicd by any undue Combinations and fraudulent Practices, for the Sake of adding unfairly to the Price, it will be our earned Desire to take the most effectual Measures for luppreffir.g such Abul'es; but that we are fully fenlible of the Importance of distinguishing Practices of this Nature from the regular Course of long established Trade, winch Experience has shewn to be indelpenlable for the Supply of the Markets, and for the Subsistence of the People in the present State of Society:

That we cannot have seen, without the greeted Concern, those temporary Disturbances which have taken place in some Parts of the Kingdom, and are leulible that nothing can exceed the Malignity and Cruelty of those who take Advantage of the Difficulties of the Moment, to delude any ot His Majesty's Subjects into A<ds of Violence and Outrage, which immediately tend to increase in the highest Degree the Evil complained of, and are equally injurious to the W ell-being of the indullrious ClalTes of the Community, and to the permanent Tranquility of the Country:

That we join with His Majesty in applauding those zealous and voluntary Exertions which have on this Occasion been made for the immediate Repression of those Outrages, and in Support of the Laws and of the Public Peace:

That we shall proceed with the ufmost Readiness to grant such Supplies as may be necessary for carrying on the Public Service till a Period when the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Grea Britain and Ireland may be conveniently assembled:

That we acknowledge 11 is Majesty's. Goodnels in

having

Refutation fur Add rest on King1 Speech.

4i Geo. III. n° Novembris.

797

having been pleased to direct Copies to be laid before us of those Communications which have recently passed between His Majesty and the French Government and in the Exprcllions ol His earned Defiie to adopt every Measur which could bell contribute to the lle-establishment of general Tranquility:

That, concurring with His Majesty in th.e Anxiety which He entertains for the speedy Relloration of Peace, we shall fee with the utmost Satisfaction the Adoption cf all such JVIcafures as may belt tend to promote and accelerate that definable End, confidently with the Honour of this Country, and the true Intercds of His People; but that, if the Disposition of our Enemies should continue to render it unattainable without the Sacrifice of thele eflbntial Considerations, we shall feel it our indispensable Duty to perlevere in affording His Majesty the most zealous and effectual Support, and to omit no Exertion on our Part which can enable His Majesty, under the Blessing of Providence, to conduct this important Contelt to a prosperous Conclusion; and to maintain unimpaired the Security and Honour of thele Kingdoms;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the lad Paragraph, beginning with the Words " That, concurring with His Majesty."

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out dand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Rifohed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the humble Thanks of this House, for His most Gracious Speech from the Throne:

That we acknowledge with Gratitude the tender Concern which His Majesty at all Times (hews for the Welfare of his Subjects, and that paternal Sense of the Difficulties with which the poorer Clalfcs of them particularly have to druggie from the present high Price of Provisions, which have induced His Majesty to call us . together at this Time:

That it will be equally our Willi, and our Duty, to adopt, as expedition fly as possible, all l'uch Measures as may, upon due Consuleration, appear bed calculated to alleviate this l'everc Pressure, and to prevent the Danger of its Recurrence , by promoting, as far as possible, the permanent Extension and Improvement of our Agriculture:

That, for the Object of immediate Relief, our Attention will naturally be directed, in the fird Indance, to the bed Mode of affording the carliell and most ample Encouragement for the Importation of all Descriptions of Grain from Abroad; being fully sensible that such a Supply, aided by a general and dried Attention to Economy and Frugality in the Consumption of Corn is most likely to contribute to a Reduction in the present Price, and to inl'ure, at the same Time, the Means of meeting the Demands for the neccfl'ary Consumption of the Year:

That the present Circumstances will undoubtedly render the State of the Laws respecting the Commerce in the various Articles of Provision the Object of our serious Deliberation: That if, upon full Consideration, it shall appear that the Evil necessarily resulting from unfavourable Seasons has been increased by any undue Combinations and fraudulent Practices, for the Sake of adding unfairly to the Price, it will be our earned Desire to take the most effectual Measures for suppressing such Abuses; but that we are fully sensible of the Importance of distinguishing Practices of this Nature from the regular Course of long established Trade, which Experience has shewn to be indispensable for the Supply of the Markets, and for the Subsidence of the People in the present State of S.ocictv:

That we cannot have seen, without the created Concern, those temporary Disturbances which have taken place in some Tarts of the Kingdom, and are fen-VOL. 55.

fible that nothing can exceed the Malignity and Cruelty of those who take Advantage of the Difficulties of the Moment, to delude any of His Majesty's Subjects into Acts of Violence and Outrage, which immediately tend to increase in the highed Degree the Evil complained of, and are equally injurious to the Well-being of the indudrious Classes of the Community, and to the permanent Tranquility of the Country:

That we join with His Majesty in applauding those zealous and voluntary Exertions which have on this.

Occasion been made for the immediate lleprelfion of those Outrages, and in Support of the Laws and of the Public Peace:

That we shall proceed with the utmod Readiness to grant such Supplies as may be necessary for carrying on the Public Service till a Period when the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland may be conveniently assembled:

That we acknowledge His Majesty's Goodness in having been pleased to direct Copies to be laid before us of those Communications which have recently parted, between His Majesty and the French Government; and in the Expressxons of His earned Desire to adopt every Measure which could bed contribute to the Re-establish-ment of general Tranquility:

That, concurring with His Majesty in the Anxiety which He entertains for the speedy Reltoration of Pcacei we shall fee with the utmod Satisfaction the Adoption of all such Measures as may bed tend to promote and accelerate that desirable End, confidently with the Honour of this Country, and the true Intercds of His People; but that, if the Disposition of our Enemies should continue to render it unattainable without the Sacrifice of these essential Considerations, w'e shall tecl it our indispensable Duty to persevere in affording I lis Majesty the most zealous and effectual Support, and to omit no Exertion on our Part which can enable His Majesty, under the Blessing of Providence, to conduct this important Con-telt to a prosperous Conclusion; and to maintain unimpaired the Security and Honour of thele Kingdoms.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up committee an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the appointed to laid Resolution: _ S.up

And a Committee wasappointed of Sir John Wrottcjley,

Mr. Dickinson, Junior, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary Dundas, the Lord Hazvkejl the Mader of the Rolls, Mr. Secretary at War, the Earl ‘Temple, Mr. Rcfe, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Canning, Mr. Steele,

Mr. IVallace, Mr. Long, Mr. Bragge, or any Five of

them; and they are to withdraw, immediately, into the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to King'sSpcech, both Houses of Parliament, be referred to the said Com- cnt mittee.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the Petition? re-City of Nezv Sarum, in Common Council allcmbied, was presented to the House, and read; Representing to Pilvisions. the House the excessive high Prices that Provisions in general, and particularly Bread Corn, have borne in the Corporation laid City as well as other Parts of the Kingdom: And rum!" that the Petitioners, feeling for the Didreffes of the Poor in the said City, w'hose greated Exertions of Industry have not afforded them the Necelfarics of Life, therefore pray th.e House to take the same into their Consideration, and to adopt such Measures as may relieve the Public Didress, and guard against the Continuance and Return of so great an Evil.

A Petition of the Freeholders of the County of Freeholders of

d/efex, was also presented to the House, and read; Set- Wl^Jlc, cx-ting forth, That, persuaded that the high unnecessary Prices of Provision have already inffidted unutterable Ills upon the middling and lower Gaffes of Society, and also persuaded that, from their Continuance, will result consequences equally fatal to Individual Happiness and Public Prolperity, the Petitioners intreat/inat

A\ 180 o.

n° Novembris.

11 mi ft hoM-rs i t St. An-i'.rcv, IIol-VoJlI.

Householders of St. Leonard Shoreditch.

the House wili immediately institute a strict Enquiry into the Causes of the Dearness of Provision, and adopt such Measures as will inlure their permanent Removal, and thereby prevent the Recurrence of their direful and alarming Effects.

A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and the Inhabitant Householders, of the Pari fit of Saint Andrew, Holborn, in the City of and County of Midd/eJ'ex, was also prelemed to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, deeply impressed with the calamitous Condition of the Poor, and feeling the moll serious Inconvenience themselves, at this Crilis, from the unexampled high Price of Provisions, are induced to represent to the House an Evil lb alarming to all Ranks of Society; and that, from the Appearance of the late favourable Harvest, the Petitioners entertained the moll lively Hopes that a Reduction in the Price of Provisions would have ensued, but are sorry to remark that these Hopes have not only been dilappointed, but they have had the Mortification to find every Article of Life enhanced beyond all Example, and without (as the Petitioners conceive) any just and adequate Cause; and that not only the Lower, but even the Middle Clalfes of Society, who have hitherto lived in Respectability, feel severely this complicated Evil, and with its additional Weight can scarcely bear the Pressure of the Times; and that the Petitioners have, for some Time pall, eadeavoured', by the ftriifleft Economy in their Families, and by abstaining from, or abridging themselves in, the Use of those Articles of Life which are become so enhanced, partially to check the Growth of the Evil complained of, nevertheless, it is with extreme Concern they declare that what they at first adopted from Prudence, is now imposed upon them by Necessity, and thus all farther Hope, in the Opinion of the Petitioners, of effeCling any Relief by those Means, destroyed; and that the Petitioners, while they thus respectfully but seriously represent these awful Truths to the House, beg Leave to allure it, that they have the highest^Confidence in its Justice and Wisdom, that they abhor all Attempts to disturb the Public Peace by Riot and Disturbance, that, should any evil-minded or mif-guided Persons endeavour so to do, the Petitioners would unanimously exert themselves in Support of the Laws; and could they imagine that the present exorbitant Price of Provisions arose from an accidental and temporary Cause, or real Scarcity, they would endeavour to meet and sustain the Evil (as they are in Duty bound to do every Visitation of God) without a Murmur, but the Petitioners respectfully allure the House, that, notwithstanding all they have heard advanced to the contrary, they are humbly of Opinion, that the Calamity of which they complain has arisen (among other Causes) in a great Degree from speculative Artifices which, when applied, as in the present Cafe, to Articles of the first Necessity, are, in their humble Opinion, as contrary to the Spirit of the Laws, as destructive of the Welfare of the Community, and which they fear are increasing, and may become permanent, unless timely prevented by the Interposition of Parliament: And therefore, with a firm Reliance on the Justice and Wisdom of the House, and not doubting its earnest Desire to fulfil the high Trust reposed in it by the People for their Welfare and Happiness, the Petitioners mostearneftly pray. That the House will be pleased to take it into its serious Consideration the past and present high Price of all Kind of Provisions, and adopt and apply such Remedies for the Reduction thereof, as the very awful and serious Nature of the same demands, and as in its Wisdom may seem meet.

A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers, and Inhabitant Householders, of the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, was likewise presented to the House, and read; -Setting forth, That the extreme Burthens which oppress the 4

middling Clafies of Society, and the exquisite Miserits of the induftious Poor, arising from the past and in-crcaling Dearness of Provision, compel the Petitioners, from Suffering and from Sympathy, to add rets the House. The Petitioners prclume not to decide upon the Caiiies by which the exilting Abuses have been produced, or the Remedies whereby they may be removed, they with only to describe the Evils they observe and feel, and the Consequences they apprehend: In this Description of the public Calamities, the Inconveniencies of the middling Clafies of Society must be most prominent, whilst unbounded Wealth is acquired by Factors and Speculatifts with Ease, and expended with Profusion. The effective Bulk of Society, who are the Life's Blood of the Country, who encourage Arts, patronize Improvement, create the Relources, and support the Burthens of the Nation, gradually become the Victims of augmenting and extreme Distress j these indeed bear the Burthens of the Country. Every Species of Taxation, whether immediate or indirect, they ultimately defray, and whatsoever be the augmenting Necessities of the Poor, the Expences attending that Augmentation, they must finally support. Their Incomes do not increase in Proportion to their increasing Expenditure. Every succeeding Year witnesses therefore another and yet another Sacrifice of their customary Pleasures; Pleasures grateful to themselves and useful to the State; every additional Assessment for the Country or the Poor has augmented their Inconvenience, and the Dearness of the Articles of Life now fills their Cup of Suffering till it overflows. Although the Petitioners are convinced that the Miseries of the Middle Ranks are more painful than the Miseries of the Poor, they wish not to conceal their Dif-tresses from the House; from personal Observation, and authentic Correspondence, they could relate such horrid Tales of individual Sufferings as must harrow up every Soul; but they prefer only to state their Perfua-fion, that many have, within the last Four Months, expired from Hunger, and that far greater Multitudes are now the Victims of lingering Difsolution, or live in a State of Want which renders protracted Existence but a protracted Curse: If these Statements be correct, and the Petitioners pledge themselves to demonstrate their CorreClness, the House will experience no Surprize when they additionally state, that from the Duration of these Evils they anticipate Consequences equally fatal to themselves and to their Country. These Apprehensions the Petitioners communicate, not with Exultation, but with Regret, and, as Individuals, they would most cheerfully devote their Lives to prevent the Calamities they dread. The Petitioners have always considered a Gradation in Wealth as extremely beneficial to a State, and to expect the speedy and irrecoverable Dcstruction of that Country which is the Residence only of the abject Poor, and the superlatively Opulent. These fatal Consequences the Petitioners conceive will be produced by the Continuance of the present Prices of the Neccllaries of Life; for in the Country the middling Clafies of Society begin to dil-appear; and, in the Metropolis, many have been recently compelled to solicit that parochial Relief which they were long accustomed to bellow. The Petitioners also refieCl with Anxiety on the Inadequacy of the Prices of Labour to those of the Articles of Consumption. If Industry be unluccclsful, it will not be continued; and at present. Exertion is so comparatively unproductive, that the Poor are compelled to look to others for Support, and that Support becomes often a Reward to Insolence, an Incitement to Crimes. Many productive Taxes arite from the Luxuries of Men; but if either Bread or Pleasure must be foregone, Subsistence will be preferred to Enjoyment; and the Petitioners therefore apprehend, that the existing Dearness of Provision will dry up many Sources of Public Revenue. They would also luggeft not only their Conviction

4o GeD litt itt — Novembrii.

viction that, unless Articles of the first Necefllty become more attainable, an Advance tnuft inevitably be made in the Wages of the Poor, but also the Alarm they entertain that any such Advance would dirhinish the Foreign Consumption of our Manufactures, injure our Commerce, and thus plunge our Country into a Gulf of Ruin, whence it never would arile. The moil painful Apprehensions also agitate the Petitioners left a real or pretended Scarcity mould scaster widely and fatally the Seeds of Disaffection. They exult irf the Suppression of the late riotous Excesses of the Populace. The Repetition of such Excesses they would, deprecate; yet they cannot but be apprized that fruit-iefs Toil will exasperate the most timid; that the Wants of Children and of a Wife will impel the most prudent to Acts of Depredation and of Violence; and they would, therefore, prevent the Arrival of that Day in which the Multitude shall be inspired with the Energies of Despair. Although the Petitioners, confess jthemselves unable to suggest what Remedies it would be most eligible to adopt, yet they would respectfully intimate, that Objections have been made to every Remedy that would produce any individual Inconvenience: The Petitioners would certainly prefer the Adoption of those Expedients, which, inflicting the least possible Evil, would elsed the most extended Good; yet they hope that the House will not forget, that the general Welfare must be the supreme Law, and that individual Privileges should ever be fecrificed to the Promotion of the National Advantage. The Petitioners also, persuaded that the existing Dearness of Provision is the Result of Causes which have been long though little noticed in their Growth, as deep footed as malignant in their Influence, hope that the House will not content itself with diminishing, but will eradicate the Evil} and that, as the Malady is fatal and diffusive, it will introduce, not narcotic and temporary Remedies, but systematic Renovation. Having thus Hated their Sufferings and their Fears, the Petitioners, groaning beneath the Evils which they have attempted to represent, and apprehending Consequences which they have been unable adequately to describe, humbly pray, That the House will be pleased seriously and impartially to investigate the Causes of the high Prices of Provision, and to adopt such legislative Regulations as shall insure their speedy and permanent Reduction.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

importation Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom-to be comT n§' re ^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, «lered.e°n to consider of encouraging the Importation of Corn and other Grain, Meal, and Flour *

Bill to prohi- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Cornindfftif Pr°hibit, for a Time to be limited, the Use of Corn ling Spirits or in distilling of Spirits or making of Starch: And that making Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Ryder, Mr.

dtred.' °r" Mr. Long, and Mr. Bragg do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will; Tomorrow Mottling, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to confides of the Duties payable on the Importation of Hops.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

MePcurii, 12° die Novembris;

Anno 41 Georgii IIItil Regis; 180 0.

P ft AYERS.

A PETITION of the several Perfdris, Whose Names are thereUnto subscribed, Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road front the City of,

through Oundle and Thrapston; to Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, and for repairing and widen-

ing several other Roads near or adjoining thereto, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees, appointed to put the said Act in Execution, have proceeded iH the Execution thereof, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which; together with the Money collected upon the said Roads, have been duly applied, according to the Directions of the said Act; and that the said Act is near expiring, and the said Roads cannot be sufficiently kept in Repair, and the Money borrowed and now due be re-paid, unless the Term and Powers thereby granted are continued and enlaiged, and the said Acts made more effectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering arid enlarging the Powers, of the said Acts, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as k shall appear to them, to the House: .

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Cartwright,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in His Majesty's Prison for the CoontyoiNorthampton: And also;

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty's Gaol the Castle of Lancaster;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

Arid the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Pro vi lions, ordered.

Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Rice, ordered.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to authorize His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation of Provisions or Food, for a Time to be limited: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. , Mr. Rose, Mr.

Long, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of Rice, and to indemnify all Persons who have been concerned in preventing the Exportation thereof, or in the Non-performance of any Contrafts and Agreements that shall not have been performed in consequence thereof: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

VOL. 55.

A Petition of John Frederick Schrbder, was presented 0 the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Billy according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Burrow and Mr. Adams do prepare; and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two Acts, the one passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing arid widening the Road from through

Silversion and Brackley, in the County of Northampton, and Ardley and Middleton Stoney, to Gate, in

the Parish of Weston on the Green, in the County of

9 S

Dufy on importation ot Hops to he considered.

Peterborough Roads Petition.

Northampton and Lancaltec Debtors Petitions.

Schroder's Nat. Petition,

Towcester Road Petition

A. 1800.

800 12° Novetnbris.

Oxford, and the other passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term of the said first mentioned Act, was presented to th House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees, . appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded to pu{ the same in Execution, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby authored to be taken, which cannot be re-paid, nor the said Roads be sufficiently improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and some further Tolls granted: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Pur-pefes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Burrow, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an K.ccMm^ort- Account of all Grain and Rice imported from the 4th etc ordered. January to the 10th October last, distinguishing the Ports from whence and where imported.

Committee on Ordered, That a Select Committee be appointed

Law"8- ° enclu're what Public General Laws have expired

pointed! within Twelve Months preceding the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament; and al(b, what Laws are about to expire within Twelve Months fub-sequent to the Commencement of the present Session, or in the Course of the next Session, or at the End thereof; and to report the lame, from Time to Time, to the House, with their Opinion which of them are fit. to be revived, continued, or made perpetual:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. , the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, the Lord Hawkesbury, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Bragge, Mr. Rose, Mr. Perceval, Mr. Long, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Hawkins Browne, Mr. Banket.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House. Report of Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 12th 1756,referred. j}ay Df May 1796, was made from the Committee who were appointed to inspect and consider all the temporary Laws of a Public Nature expired or expiring, be referred to the said Committee, inrtruflion. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do esquire and report to the House what temporary Laws of a Public or General Nature which have been made by the Parliaments of England or Great Britain since the Commencement of the Reign of King William the Third, and prior to the present Session of Parliament, are now in force; distinguishing the Matter of each Statute; its Date, Title, and Period of Continuance i together with their Observations thereon.

Grand Com- Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion pointed3P fjt every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges be ap- Committee ( pointed: aP-

And a Committee was appointed, of Mr. Bragge, p Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General,

Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr. Dickins, Mr. Tierney, Mr.

Sloane, Mr. Ryder, Sir William Pulteney, Mr. Secretary at War, Sir William Toung, Sir John William derson. Sir John IVroUefley, Sir John Sinclair, Mr.

pont, Lord William Russell, the Lord Hawkesbury,

Mr. Grey, Mr. Abbot, Mr. Bouverie, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Hob house, the Marquis of Worcester Lord Granville Leveson Gower, Mr. Rose, Mr. Long; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants in the House: And they are to meet upon Monday Seven-night, at Seven of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to fit every IVFriday, and Monday, in the Afternoon; and all who come are to have Voices; and they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching Privileges; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, from Time to Time; and the Committee are to hive Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information; and, if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Matter of Privilege of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate.

Ordered, That all Persons who will question any Re- other Orders turns of Members to serve in Parliament, do question IIuJe-the same within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in; and that all Members, who are returned for Two or more Places, do make their Election by this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place; and, if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Return or Election of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate; and that all Members, returned upon Double Returns, do withdraw till their Returns arc determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof^ or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a High Crime and Misdemeanor; and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath given false Evidence, in any Case, before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Resolved

40 Geo. III. 12 NoVembris. Sot

Resolved, That, in all Cases of Controverted Elections for Counties in England and the Petitioners

do, by theml'elves or by their Agents, within a convex nient Time, to be appointed by the House, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lists of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members; giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection, and distin-guithing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Members do, by themselves, or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lifts on their Part, to the Petitioners, or their Agents.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, take into his Custody any Stranger, or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger, or Strangers, into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster, do take Care, that, from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Temple Bar and Westminster Hall shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstructions be made, by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Puflage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take Care that there be no Gaming, or other Dil'orders, in IV estminsterHall, or the Passages leading to the House,

during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster; and that he do fee the same put in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody but by the special Older of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting or loling of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Poll Office to this House, or some other Person, to be appointed by the Postmaster General, do for the future, every Day during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the least immediately after the Riling of the House; and also from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters, and take Care, during hia Vo l. 55 *

Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others, bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered, and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Postmaster General.

Ordered, That when any Letter or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the fame; and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to Toe null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Use of Corn in distilling of Spirits or making of Starch: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of Rice; and to indemnify all Persons who have been concerned in preventing the Exportation thereof, or in the Non-performance of any Contracts and Agreements that shall not have been performed in consequence thereof: And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to authorize His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation of Provisions or Food, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of charging Duties ©n Home-made Spirits entered for Exportation when taken out of Warehouse for Home Consumption.

Sir John JVrottesley reported from the Committee, appointed Yesterday to draw up an Address to be presented to His Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subje<5fo, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled,

beg

Sill to prohibit the Use of Com in distilling Spirits or making Starch, presented.

Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Kice, presented.

Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Provisions, presented.

Duties on Spirits entered for Exportation, to be confi dered *

Address re ported, and agreed to.

802

i 2° NovmbriS.

A. i8ao;

beg Leave to return Your Majesty the humble Thanks of this House For Your Majesty's moll Gracious Speech from the Throne.

We acknowledge with Gratitude the tender Concern which Your Majesty at all Times (hews for the Welfare of Your Subjects, and that paternal Sense of the Difficulties with which the poorer Gaffes of them particularly have to struggle from the present high Price of Provisions, which have induced Your Majesty to call us together at this Time: We beg to allure Your Majesty, that it will be equally our Wifti and our Duty to adopt, as expeditioully as possible, all such Measures as may, upon due Consideration, appear bell calculated to alleviate this severe Pressure, and to prevent the Danger of its Recurrence, by promoting, as far as possible, the permanent Extension and Improvement of our Agriculture.

For the Object of immediate Relief, our Attention will naturally be directed, in the first Instance, to the best Mode of affording the earliest and most ample Encouragement for the Importation of all Dcfcijptions of Grain from Abroad; being fully sensibly that such a Supply, aided by a general and strict Attention to Economy and Frugality in the Consumption of Corn, is most likely to contribute to a Reduction in the present Price, and to insure, at the same Time, the Means of Meeting the Demands for the necessary Consumption of the Year. The present Circumstances will undoubtedly render the State of the Laws respecting the Commerce in the various Articles of Provision the Object of our serious Deliberation; if, upon the Result of that Deliberation, it shall appear that the Evil necessarily resulting from unfavourable Seasons has been increased by any undue Combinations and fraudulent Practices, for the Sake of adding unfairly to the Price, it will be our earnest Desire to take the most effectual Measures for suppressing such Abuses; but we are fully sensible of the Importance bf distinguishing Practices of this Nature from the regular Course of long established Trade, which Experience has shewn to be mdispensable for the Supply of the Markets, and for the Subsistence of the People, in the present State of Soeiety.

We cannot have seen without the greatest Concern those temporary Disturbances which have taken place in some Parts of the Kingdom j nothing can exceed the Malignity and Cruelty of those who take Advantage of the Difficulties of the Moment to delude any of Your Majesty's Subjects into Acts of Violence and Outrage, which immediately tend to increase, in the highest Degree, the Evil complained of, and are equally injurious to the Well-being of the industrious Classes of the Community, and to the permanent Tranquility of the Country. We join with Your Majesty in applauding those zealous and voluntary Exertions which have on this Occasion been made for the immediate Repression of those Outrages, and in Support of the Laws, and of the Public Peace.

We shall proceed with the utmost Readiness to grant such Supplies as may be necessary for carrying on the Public Service, till a Period when the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland may be conveniently assembled.

We acknowledge Your Majesty's Goodness in having been pleased to direct Copies to be laid before us of those Communications which have recently passed between Your Majesty and the French Government, and in the Expressions of Your Majesty's earnest Desire to adopt every Measure which could best contribute to the Re-establishment of general Tranquility. Concurring with Your Majesty in the Anxiety which Your Majesty entertains for the speedy Restoration of Peace, wc shall fee with the utmost Satisfaction the Adoption of all such Measures as may best tend to promote and accelerate that desirable End, confidently with the Honour of this Country and the true Interests of Your t

People; but, if the Disposition of our Enemies should continue to render it unattainable without the Sacrifice of these essential Considerations, we. shall feel it our indispensable Duty to persevere in affording Your Majesty the most zealous and effectual Support, and to omit no Exertion, on our Part, which can enable Your Majesty, under the Blessing of Providence, to - conduct this important Contest to a prosperous Con-elusion, and to maintain unimpaired the Security and Honour of these Kingdoms.

The said Address being read a second Time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address to be presented to His Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, do humbly know His Majesty's Pleasure, when he will be attended by this House.

Ordered, That His Majesty's most Gracious Speech King' Speech to both Houses of Parliament, be taken into Consider- j°r^const' ation Tomorrow Morning. . ere

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That this House be called over upon this Day Fortnight;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Motion for the House to be called over. Neg.

Tellers for the Yeas, JoiS/r: }

Tellers for, heNoeS,{";/"X,. }

So it passed in the Negative.

24.

124.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of encouraging the Importation of Com and other Grain, Meal, and Flour.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Average Price at which Foreign Corn shall be fold Weekly in London, should be ascertained and published in The London Gazette.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be given on every Quarter of Wheat, weighing 424lbs. which shall be imported into the Port of London, or into any of the principal Ports of each District of Great Britain, before the First Day of October 1801, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the said Average Price in London, published in The Gazette, in the Third Week after the Importation of such Wheat, shall be less than One Hundred Shillings per Quarter.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be given on every Quarter of Barley, weighing 352lbs. which shall be imported into the Port of London, or into any of the principal Ports of each District of Great Britain, before the First Day of October 1801, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the said Average Price in London, published in The Gazette in the ThtrdJWeek after the Importation of such

Barley,

Committee oa Importatioa of Com,

reported

Committee on Provisions ap-pumted.

41 GeO. Ill *

12° — 130 N

803'

Barley, shall be less than forty-five Shillings Quarter.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be given on every Quarter of Rye, weighing 408 lbs. which shall be imported into the Port of London, or into any of the principal Ports of each Dif-tri<ft of Great Britain, before the First Day of 1801, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the said Average Price in London, published in The Gazette in the Third Week after the Importation of such Rye, shall be less than Sixty-five Shillings per Quarten

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be given on every Quarter of Oats, weighing 2 80 lbs. which shall be imported into the Port of London, or into any of the principal Ports of each Dif-tridl of Great Britain, before the First Day of October 1801, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the Average Price in London, published in The Gazette in the Third Week after the Importation of such Oats, shall be less than Thirty Shillings per Quarter.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be given on every Barrel of Superfine Wheaten Flour, of 196 lbs. Weight, which shall be imported into such Ports before the First Day of October 1801, and sold by public Sale by Auction, within Two Months after Importation, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the actual Price of each Barrel of such Flour so fold shall be less than Seventy Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be given on every Barrel of fine Wheaten Flour, of 196 lbs. Weight, which shall be imported into such Ports before the First Day of October 1801, and sold by public Sale by Auction, within Two Months after Importation, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the actual Price of each Barrel of such Flour so fold shall be less than Sixty-eight Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be given on every Hundred Weight of Rice which shall be itnported into such Pdrts in any Ship which shall have cleared out from any Port in the East Indies before the First Day of September 1801, and which shall be sold by public Sale a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the actual Price of each Hundred Weight of such Rice so fold shall be less than Thirty-two Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be given on every Hundred Weight of Rice, from America, which shall be imported into such Ports,

before the First Day of October 1801, and sold by public Sale ‘by Auction, within Two (Months after Importation, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the actual Price of each Hundred Weight of such Rice so fold shall be less than Thirty-five Shillings.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Ryder, the Lord Hazvkef-bury, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the famei

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was dircded by the Committee to tnove, that they may have Leave to fit again *

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of encouraging the Importation of Corn and other Grain, Meal, and Flour.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of the present high Price of Provisions; and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer Mr. Secretary Dundas, - Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Ryder, the Matter of the Rolls, the Lord -Hawkesbury, Mr. Steele, Mr. Grenville, Mr. VoL. 55.

ham. Sir William Pulteney, Mr. Crewe, Mr. Abbot, Mr. Banker, Lord Clifden, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir John Wr Mr. Dickinson Junior, Lord Viscount Belgrave, Mr. William Dundas, the Lord Sheffield, Lord John Russell, Mr. John Fane, Sir Andrew Snape Hamond, Mr. George Vanfutart, Mr.

FYere, Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Morton Pitt, Mr. Lygon, Mr. Edward Foley, Mr. Shaw Le-fevre, Mr. Hawkins Browne, Mr. Nicholas Mr. Stanley, Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp, Mr. EJlcourt. Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Charles Yorke, Mr. Mr.

Burdon, Mr. Baker, Mr. Fordyce, Mr. Charles Dundas: And they ire to meet To-morrdw Morning at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers and Records.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

The other Order of the Day being read j

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties payable on the Importation of Hops.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Committee on Importation of Hop s

y<

ovts, 13 die Novembris 5

Anno 41 Georgii IIIm Regis 1800.

Trayers.

A PETITION of Hans Peter Engftro'm-, Was pre- EngftroW Jt\. fen ted to the House, and read j praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John William Anderson and Mr. Stanley do prepare, and bring in the fame.

dementi's Nat. Petition,

A Petition of Muzio Clemently was presented to the House and rfead praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir John William Anderson and Mr. Stanley do prepare and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited the Bill to prohi-Use of Corn in distilling of Spirits, or making of Starch, ^om indict«-was, according to Order, read a Second Time. ling Spirit w

Resolved That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will,' Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Bid to proi Exportation of Rice, and to indemnify all Persons 9 T

who

>rohl- por-tation of Rice, committed.

Bill to prohibit the Exportation ot Provisions, committed.

Committee on Duties on Spirits entered for Exportation, deferred.

Report on Duty upon Importation of Hops.

King's Speech comidered.

Motion for a Supply.

To be conil-dered in a Committee.

Part of King's Speech referred to Committee on Provisions.

To report Opinion.

Arlinsrham InCloiure Petition.

804 130 Novembns. 1800.

who have been concerned in preventing the Exportation thereof, or in the Non-performance of any Con-tratfls and Agreements that shall not have been performed in consequence thereof, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the bill be committed.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to authorize His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation of Provisions or Food, for a Time to be limited, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of charging Duties on Home-made Spirits entered for Exportation when taken out of Warehouse for Home Consumption;

Rejoined, That this House will, To-mortow Morn ing, resolve itself into the said Committee;

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Duties payable on the Importation of Hops, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read 3 and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That the Duties payable on Hops imported into this Kingdom, be suspended for a Time to be limited.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged a Duty of One Penny and Twelve Twentieth Parts of a Farthing upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hops imported into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Mr. Rose, and Mr.

Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration His Majesty's moll Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

Ordered, That so much of His Majesty's moll Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, as relates to the high Price of Provisions, be referred to the Committee appointed to consider of the present high Price of Provisions.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to report, from Time to Time, to the House, their Opinion upon the Subject Matter referred to them.

A Petition of Dame Dorothy Mill, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto fub-1

feribed. Owners, Proprietors of, and Persons interested in the Lands, Grounds, and Tythes, within the Parish of Arlingham, in the County of , was pre-

fented to the House, and read: Setting forth, That within the said Parish are certain Waste Grounds, and certain Open Fields and Meadows, and Commonable' and Intermixed Lands; and tha,t the Lands belonging to the Petitioners in the said Open Fields and Mea dows are now divided into small Parcels, intermixed with each other, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement 3 and that the dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, and allotting to the Persons interested therein their respective Parts, would tend much to their Advantage, and be of Public Utility; and that it would be extending the Benefit of l'uch Inclosure if all the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish were discharged of Tythes, and Annual Corn Rents or adequate Allotments of Land given and allotted to the several Parties entitled-to the Tythes of the said Lands and Grounds in lieu thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Waste Grounds, Open Fields, and Meadows, and Commonable and Intermixed Lands, and for other the Purposes before mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Shaw Lefevre and Mr. Annejley do prepare and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the several Petitions, which were presented to the House upon ‘Tuesday lait, respecting the high Price of Provisions, be referred to the Committee appointed to consider of the present high Price of Provisions.

Mr. Secretary Dundas reported to the House, that His Majesty having been waited upon (pursuant to the Order of Yesterday) humbly to know His Majesty's Pleasure, when He would be pleased to be attended by this House had been pleased to appoint to be attended this Day at Three of the Clock, at His Palace of Saint James.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

N° 1. Copy of a Letter from M. Otto to Lord Grenville, dated Hereford Street, 6 FruSUdor, 8 th Year, gujl 24, 1800. — And Translation: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Note from M. Otto to Lord Grenville, dated London, 6 FruBidor 8 th Year, August 24,

1800 — And Translation: And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from Lord Grenville to Captain George, dated Downing , August 26, 1800. —

And also,

N° 4. Copy of M. Otto's full Powers, dated Paris, 2 FruBidor, 8th Year. — And Translation: And also,

, N° S' Copy of a Letter from Lord Grenville to Captain George, dated Dozening Street, August it, 1800: And also,

N° 6. Copy of Minute of Inllructions to Captain George, dated August 28, 1800: And also,

N° 7. Copy of a Letter from Captain George to Lord Grenville, dated Park Place, August 29, 1800: And also,

N° 8. Copy of a Letter from Lord Grenville to Captain George, dated Downing Street, August 29, 1800: And also,

N° 9. Copy of a Letter from Lord to M.

Otto, dated Downing Street, August 29, 1800: And also,

N° 1®. Copy of a Note from Lord Grenville to M. Otto, dated Downing Street, 29, 1800: And also,

N u.

Petitions referred.

The King

appoints to be attended by the House *

Papery relating to Negotiation with France, presented.

4i Geo. III. 130 Nove. 805

N 11. Copy of a Letter from M. Otto to Lord Grenville, dated Hereford Stre12 Frudidor, 8 th Year,

August 30, 1800. — And Translation: And also,

N° 12. Copy of a Note from M. Otto to Lord Grenville, dated Hereford Street, 12 Frudidor, 8th Year, Augujl30, 1800. — And Translation: And also,

N° 13. Copy of a Letter from Lord Grenville to Captain George, dated Downing September 2,

1800: And also,

N° 14. Copy of a Letter from M. Otto to Lord Grenville, dated Hereford Street, 17 Frudidor, 8th Year, September 4, 1800. — And Translation: And also,

N° 15. Copy of a Note from M. Otto to Lord Grenville, dated Hereford Street, 17 Frudidor, 8 th Year, September 4, 1800. — And Translation: And also,

N° 16. Copy of a Letter from Lord Grenville to Evan Nepean, Esquire, dated Downing , September

4, .1800: And also,

N° 17. Copy of a Letter from Evan Nepean, Esquire, to Lord Grenville, dated London 4, 1800: And also,

N° 18. Copy of the Projet — in M. Otto's, 4th September. — And Translation: And also,

N° 19. Copy of a Note from Lord Grenville to M. Otto, dated Downing Street, September 5, 1800: And

also,

N8 20. Copy of a Note from M. Otto to Mr. Nepean, dated Thursday Evening, September 4, 1800: And also,

N8 2 1.Copy of a Letter from M. Otto to Captain George, dated London, 18 Fru8th Year, September

5, 1800 — And Translation: And also,

N 22. Copy of a Note from M. Otto to Lord Grenville, dated Hereford Street, 19 Frudidor, 8th Year, September 6, 1800 — And Translation: And also,

N° 23. Copy of a Note from Lord Grenville to M. Otto, dated Downing Street September 7, 1800: And also,

N° 24. Copy of a Note from Lord Grenville to M. Otto, dated Downing Street, September 7, 1800: And also,

N8 25. Copy of the Counter Projet — in Lord Grenville's, September 7, 1800: And also,

N° 20. Copy of a Letter from M. Otto to Lord Grenville, dated Hereford Street, 21 Frudidor, 8th Year, September,8, 1800 — And Translation: And also,

N° 27. Copy of a Letter from M. Otto to Lord Grenville, dated Hereford Street, 29 Frudidor, 8 th Year, September 16, 1800 — And Translation: And also,

N° 28. Copy of a Note from M. Otto to Lord Grenville, dated Hereford Street, 29 Frudidor, 8th Year, September 16,1800 — And Translation: And also,

N° 29. Copy of a Letter from Lord Grenville to M. Otto, dated Downing Street, September, 20, 1800: And also,

N° 30. Copy of a Note from Lord Grenville to M. Otto, dated Downing Street, September 20, 1800: And also,

N°3i. Copy of a Letter from M. Otto to Lord Grenville, dated London, 4th Complimentary Day, 8th Year, September 21, 1800 — And Translation: And also,

N° 32J Copy of the Projet — in M. Otto's, September, 21, 1800 — And Translation: And also,

N 33. Copy of a Note from M. Otto to Lord . Grenville, dated Hereford Street, 1 9th Year,

September22, 1800 — And Translation: And also;

N° 34. Copy of a Letter from M. Otto to Lord Grenville, dated Hereford Street, 2 Vendemiaire, 9th Year, September 23, 1800 — And Translation: And also,

N8 35. Copy of a Note from Lord Grenville to M. Otto, dated Downing Street, September 24, 1800: And also,

N8 36. Copy of a Letter from Lord Grenville to Mr. Hanmond, dated Downing Street, September 24, 1800: And also,

Vol. 55.

N 37. Copy of a Note from Lord Grenville to M. Papers rilat-Otto, dated Downing Street, September 25,1806: Andalfo, l"®io°sNwnh N8 38. Copy of a Note from Lord Grenville to M: France, — Otto, dated Downing Street, September 25, 1800: And also, L '

N8 39. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Hammond to Lord Grenville, dated Downing Street, September 25, 1800:

And also,

N8 40. Copy of a Letter from M. Otto to Mr. Hammond, dated Hereford Street, 4 Vendemiaire, 9th Year,

September 26,1800 — And Translation: And alibi N8 41. Copy of a Note from M. — in M. Otto's

Letter of September 26 — And Translation: And also,

N 42. Copy of a Note from Mr. Hammond to M.

Otto, dated Downing Street, September 26, 1800: And also,

N° 43. Copy of a Letter from M. Otto toMr.Hammond, dated Her ford Street, 6 Vendemiaire, 9 th Year,

September 28, 1800 — And Translation: And also,

N 44. Copy of a Letter from M. Otto to Mr. Hammond, dated Hereford Street, 14 Vendemiaire, 9th Year,

October 6, 1800 — And Translation: And also,

N8 45. Copy of a Letter from Mn Hammond to M.

Otto, dated Downing Street, October 8, 1800: And also,

N8 46.' Copy of a Letter from M. Otto to Mr. Hammond, dated Hereford Street, 16 Vendemiaire, 9th Year,

October 8, 1800 — And Translation: And also,

N° 47; Copy of a Letter from Mr. Hammond to M.

Otto, dated Downing Street, October 9, 1800: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Appendix A. — Extract of a " Letter from the Baron de Thugu to M. Talleyrand, " dated Vienna, August 11, 1800" — And Translation:

And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Appendix B. — Note from " Lord Minto to the Baron de Thugut, dated Vienna,

* August 9,1800" — And Translation: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Appendix C. — Letter from " General KJeber to his Excellency the Caimakam of The Sublime Porte, dated Cairo, 20 Germinal, 8th Year,

" 10th April 1800" — And Translation: Andalfo, *

A Paper, intituled, " Appendix D. — Letter from M.

" Baudot to the First Interpreter of The Sublime Porte,

" dated Camp of Jaffa, April 15, 1800" — And Trans lation.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the otfipr Papers of this Session, and the Translations and Copies of Letters, without Translations, are as followethj viz.

N8 1.

Translation of a Letter from M. Otto to Lord Grenville, dated Hereford Street, 6 Frudidor, 8 th Year, August 24, 1800.

No. 8. Hereford Stle 6 Fruc. An 8. My Lord, - (August 24, 1800.)

However scrupulous I may have hitherto been to follow in all Respects the Path traced for my Official Communications with the Ministry of His Majesty, yet the Secrecy and Dispatch requisite for those which form the Subject of the enclosed Note, appear to me to justify a more direct Communication. 1 flatter myself, therefore, that your Excellency will not disapprove of the Step I now take of communicating to you, without any Intervention, the Intentions of the French Government respecting the Overtures which have been made to it by Baron Thugut.

If His Majesty should accept the Propositions contained in the enclosed Note, I beg, my Lord, that you would appoint, as soon as possible, the Person who shall be employed to treat with me} and who, without doubt, will be guided in this important Negotiation by that

Spirit

806 i$° Novembris . 1800.

Papers relating to Negotiations with France, — continued.

Spirit of Conciliation which alone can contribute to the Restoration of Peace and good Understanding between the Two Governments.'

I have the Honour to be, with the most respectful Consideration,

My Lord,

Your Excellency's most humble

and most obedient Servant, (Signed) Otto.

to the Citizen Otto, Commissary of the Government for the Exchange of Prisoners in England, Power to propose, to consent to, and to sign, conformably to his Instructions, a General Armistice between the French Republic and His Majesty the King of Great Britain.

(Signed) By the First Consul, Bonaparte.

(Signed) The Secretary of State, Hugues B. Maret.

Done at Paris, at the Palace of the Government, the 2 Fruftidor, Year 8, of the Republic.

N 2.

Translation of a Note from M. Otto to Lord ville, dated London,6 FruElidor, 8th Year,

24, 1860.

To his Excellency Lord Grenville, Secretary of State for the Department of Foreign Affairs *

His Imperial Majesty having communicated to the Government of the French Republic a Note from Lord Minto, Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary of His Majesty the King of Great Britain at the Court of Vienna, from which Note it appears that the Desire of His Britannic Majesty is to fee a Termination of the War which divides France and England, the Undersigned is specially authorized to demand from His Majesty's Ministry farther Explanations respecting the Proposition which has been transmitted by the Court of Vienna; and, at the same Time, as it appears impossible that at the Moment when Austria and England take a common Share in the Negotiations, France should find herself under a Suspension of Arms with Austria, and a Continuation of Hostilities with England, the Undersigned is in like Manner authorized to propose that a General Armistice be concluded between the Armies and the Fleets of the Two States, adopting, with respect to the Places which are besieged and blockaded, Measures analogous t o those which have taken place in Germany relative to Ulm, Philipjbourg, and Ingoljladt.

The Undersigned has received from his Government the Powers necessary for negotiating and concluding this General Armistice. He begs his Excellency Lord Grenville to lay this Note before His Britannic Majesty, and to transmit to him His Majesty's Answer.

London, the 6th Fruc. An. 8. (Signed) Otto.

(Aug. 24, 1800.)

N 5. '

Copy of a Letter from Lord Grenville to Captain George, dated Downing Street, August 28, 1800.

Sir, Downing Street, Aug. 28, 1800.

I have the King's Commands to desire that you will, as soon as you can after the Receipt of this Letter, fee M. Otto-, and that you will return to him the Original of the Paper which he delivered to you on Tuesday last.

In making proper Acknowledgements to him for his Attention on this Occasion, you will mention, that the Paper I had wished to fee was not this, but Lord Note, referred to in that which M. Otto addressed to me by Order of his Government on the 24th Instant; but that, while you were with M. Otto, I received, by a Messenger from Vientia, the Copy of Lord Minto's Note, together with that written on the same Subject by M. de Thugut to M. 'Talleyrand.

I enclose to you for your Information a Copy of the former, and an Extract of the latter of those Papers, Which you will return to me after you shall have seen M. Otto. The Reason of my communicating them to you is, to enable you to converse with M. Otto on the Subject of them, in Conformity with the Instructions contained in the Minute herewith enclosed, which you are at Liberty in the Course of your Conversation to shew to M. Otto, as containing the Heads of what you are charged to communicate to him.

You will of course carefully confine your Conversation within the Limits of that Paper j and you will as soon as possible deliver to me a written Minute of what shall have passed between you and M. Otto on the Subject. I am, &c.

Commissioner George. (Signed) Grenville.

N /j.

Copy of a Letter from Lord Grenville to Captain George, dated Downing Street, August 26, 1800.

Sir, Downing Street, Aug. 26, 1800.

I am to request that you will endeavour, as soon as you can, to fee M. Otto, and to ask him from me. Whether he has any Objection to deliver to you, sealed up for me, the Papers to which his last Communication refers, as his doing so will expedite his receiving the Answer to it.

You will at the same Time apprize him, that you are not informed of the Particulars of that Communication, or of its Tendency; and that Tou have been charged to make this Enquiry, in order to avoid drawing any Attention to it.

Commissioner George. (Signed) Grenville,

rN 4.

Translation of M. Otto's full Powers, dated Paris, 2 FruSlidor, 8 th Year.

Bonaparte, First Consul of the French Republic, in virtue of the Forty-first Article of the Constitution, gives

N#6.

Copy of Minute of Instructions to Captain George, dated August 28, 1800.

I. To declare that the Note presented at Vienna by Lord Minto contains the Expression of His Majesty's Sentiments, and that the King is ready to act in Conformity to it.

II. To esquire whether any Answer has been returned

by the French Government to the Proposal contained in M. Thugut'sLetter to M. Talleyrand respecting a Place

for the Meeting of Plenipotentiaries to carry on joint Negotiation: or whether M. Otto is authorized to agree with this Government on that Point, agreeably to the Suggestion contained in M. Thugut's Letter.

III. To express in that Cafe, that either of the Places named by M. de Thugutwould be agreed to by His Majesty, and a proper Person sent thither on His Majesty's Part to meet the Plenipotentiaries of Austria and Frayice, provided that the French Government is willing to enter into sufficient Engagements for the Freedom of direct Communication, by Couriers, with such Place of Negotiation.

IV. That with respect to the Proposal of an Armistice, the King would fee with great Satisfaction the Moment when he could with Propriety adopt any Measure, the

immediate

41 Geo. III. 130 Novembris.807

immediate Effect of which would be to put a Stop, at Afmiftice will depend upon the Conclusion of the papers re! t-least for a Time, to the Calamities of War; but that an English Armistice, the Advarttages of the latter being ingtoNego-Armistice, as applying to Naval Operations, has at no considered by France as an Equivalent for the very cb- p^ce, — ' Period ever been agreed on between Great Britain and vious Disadvantages of the German one. He observed,

France during the Course of their Negotiations for that the Regulations contained in the — v — u

Peace, or until the Preliminaries have been actually do not extend to such Places as were not actually signed: That it cannot therefore be considered as a Step blockaded or attacked by the Frenchjudging the re-necessary to Negotiation; and that from the Disputes to fore from Analogy, such Places only as are actually which its Execution mull unavoidably be expected to blockaded by Forces could be comprehended

give rile, it might more probably tend to obstrud than in the proposed Armistice, therefore Malta,

to facilitate the Success of those Endeavours which the and Alexandria should be put on the same looting as Two Parties might employ for the Restoration of Peace: Ulm, and

That the Circumstances of a Naval War are obvioully M. Otto has been inltruded to require an Answer to not such as to admit of such equal Arrangements as are the Proposal for a General Aimiftice before tlfe 3d of ealily established with regard to Military Operations September, which makes him conclude that Hollilities when suspended by such an Agreement: That it ap- may again commence about that Time, should the pro-pears, therefore, at all Events, premature to enter even poled Armistice be positively refused on the Part of His into the Discussion of this Question, until, from the Majesty. He farther observed, that as long as Hostili-Course of the Negotiations, it shall more clearly appear ties on the Continent are carried on, there can be r.o how far they are likely to lead to a satisfadlorv llfue: firm Balis on which'to ground Negotiation, as every

And that no Decision could in any same be taken here Change on either Side would occasion a new Subject of on such a Subject unless the French Government had Discussion. 1

previously explained in what Manner it is conceived that M. Otto farther remarked, that if a General Armillice the Principles of the Regulations adopted in the German should be agreed on, he is authorized to enter into any Armistice with respect to blockaded Towns, can be Security that may be thought necessary for the Corn-applied to the Naval Ports and Arsenals of France, so as merce of Great; and that the great Importance to carry bond side into Execution, as to the respective of the Subject obliges him to enquire whether he is to Maritime Forces, the Objects which those Stipulations have a written Answer on the Subject of the General have in View with respect to the Military Positions oc- Armistice, or whether he is to consider the present verbal copied by the Two Armies. Communication as definitive against it,

I have the Honour to be, &c.

(Signed) R. George.

N° 7. Right honourable Lord Grenville.

Copy of a Letter from Captain George to Lord Grenville, dated Park Place, August 29, 1800.

My Lord, 29, 1800.

In obedience to His Majesty's Commands communicated to me by your Lordship in your Letter of Yesterday's Date, I called upon M. Otto, and had a particular Conversation with him on the Subject of the Papers delivered to me by your Lordship. I made a proper Acknowledgement to him for the Readiness which he shewed to comply with your Lordship's With of communicating the Paper you wished to fee, which he conceived to be the one I had the Honour to deliver to your Lordship; and he appears fully sensible of the Attention shewn him on that Occasion. I declared to him,

ill. That the Note presented at Vienna by Lord Minto contains the Expression of His Majesty's Sentiments, and that the King is ready to act in Conformity to it.

2d, I enquired whether any Answer had been returned by the French Government to the Proposal contained in M. Thugut's Letter to M. ‘Talleyrand respecting a Place for the meeting of Plenipotentiaries to carry on joint Negotiations, and was informed by him that the Place of Meeting was fixed at Luneville.,

3d, I informed M. Otto that either of the Places named by M. Tl'ingutwoyld be agreed to by His Majesty, and a proper Perfofi sent thither on His Majesty's Part to meet the Plenipotentiaries of Aufiria and France, provided that the French Government is willing to enter into sufficient Engagements for the Freedom of direct Communication, by Couriers, with such Place of Negotiation , which he promises to communicate immediately to the French Government by Courier.

4th, I also informed M. Otto of the very substantial Reasons that will prevent His Majesty from agreeing to a General Armistice previous to the signing of Preliminaries, as detailed in the Minute which I had the Honour to receive from your Lordship; and was answered by him, that he has erery Reason to think, and isper-ionally convinced, that the Continuation of the German

Vol. 55.

N 8.

Copy of a Letter from Lord Grenville to Captain-George, dated Downing Street, August 29, 1800.

Sir, Downing Street, Aug. 29, 18®0.

As M. Otto expressed to you a Desire to receive in Writing the Answer of the King's Government to his Note, I transmit to you the enclosed, which I request you will communicate to him.

I am, &c.

(Signed) Grenville.

Commissioner George.

N# 9.

Copy of a Letter from Lord Grenville to M. Otto, dated Downing Street, August 29, 1800.

Sir, Downing Street, Aug. 29, 1800.

I enclose to you, by the King's Command, the Answer which His Majesty has thought proper that I should return to the different Points contained in the Note which I had the Honour to receive from you.

The Mode which you adopted for the Transmission of that Paper was perfectly satisfactory to His Majesty's Government -ybut as Captain George has, from his Situation, the Opportunity of unoblerved Intercourse with you, I will request you to transmit to me, through him, any further Communications with which you may be charged by your Government respecting this Bu- finess.

M. Otto. (Signed) Grenville.

9U

8o8

Papers rcbt-j ii toNcgoti atJ'nu with 1 ranee, — CQMtinUtJ.

L^-v ----- -<

i 3 Novembris. 1800.

N 10.

Copy of a Note from Lord Grenville to M. Otto, dated Dozuting Street, 29, 1800.

M. Otto having apprised His Majesty's Government, through Captain George, that the Proposal made by the Court of Vienna for fixing Las the Place for carrying on the proposed Negotiation far a General Peace ^is been acceded to by the Fr Government, it only remains on that Head to express His Majesty's Agreement to the same Proposal; and to declare, that in consequence thereof a proper Person shall be sent to Luneville, on His Majesty's Part, to meet the Plenipotentiaries of Austria and Franc loon as the Passports for such Minister and his Suite shall be received: Provided that the French Government is willing to enter into the necessary Engagements, that His Majesty's Plenipotentiary shall be at Liberty to communicate freely, and in the usual Manner, by Courier, with this Country, and with the Dominions of His Majesty's Allies.

With respect to the Proposal for a General Armistice by Sea and Land between Great Britain and France, the King would fee with great Satisfaction the Moment when he could with Propriety adopt any Measure, the immediate Effect of which would be to put a Stop, at least for a Time, to the Calamities of War; but an Armistice, as applying to Naval Operations, has at no Period ever been agreed on between Great Britain and France, during the Course of their Negotiations for Peace, or until the Preliminaries have been actually signed; such a Step cannot therefore be considered as necessary to Negotiation, and from the Disputes to which its Execution1 must unavoidably be expected to give rife, there isjuft Reason to apprehend that it might more probably tend to obstruct than to facilitate the Success of those Endeavours which the two Parties might employ for the Restoration of Peace. Besides this, it is to be considered, that the Circumstances of a Naval Wat are obviously not such as to admit of l'uch equal Arrangements as are cafil established with regard to Military Operations, wher f afpended by such an Agreement. It appears therefore, at all Events, premature to enter even into the Difcufiion of this Question, until, from the Course of the Negotiations, it shall more clearly appear how far they are likely to lead to a satisfactory Issue. But in any same no Decision could be taken here on such a Subject, unless the French Government had previously explained, in what Manner it is conceived that the Principles of the Regulations adopted in the Goman Armistice, with re-l'pect to blockaded Towns, can be applied to the Naval Ports and Arsenals of France and her Allies now blockaded by His Majesty's Fleets, so as to carry bona fide into Execution, as to the respective Maritime Forces, the same Objects which those Stipulations have in View with respect to the Military Positions occupied by the Armies in Germany and Italy.

(Signed) Grenville.

Denning Street, Aug. 29, 1800.

N n.

Transtation of a Letter from M. Otto to Lord

Grenville, dated Hereford Street, FruElidor, 8th Year, August30, 1800.

N° 8, Hereford Street, Aug. 30, 1800. My Lord, (12th Frttc. An. 8.)

I received Yesterday Evening the Letter and the Note which your Excellency did me the Honour to avid refs to me; and I immediately transmitted them to Dover by an extraordinary Messenger.

1 cannot but be extremely flattered by the Appro b

bation which His Majesty's Government has been pleased to give to the Mode which I had adopted for my political Communications. That which your Excellency proposes to me combines the double Advantage of Dispatch and of Secrecy, and I shall follow it as often as Orders from my Government shall afford me an Opportunity of profiting by it. I have the Honour to be, with the most respectful Consideration,

My Lord,

Your Excellency's most humble And most obedient Servant,

(Signed) Otto. '

N 12.

Transtation of a Note from M. Otto to Lord Grenville, dated Hereford Street, 12 Fruitidor, 8th Year, August 30,' 1800.

His Excellency Lord Grenville having been pleased to inform the Undersigned of the Intention of His Majesty to fend a Plenipotentiary to in order

to take a Share in the Negotiations which shall be entered upon, as soon as the necessary Passports shall have been transmitted by the French Government, and as soon as Assurance shall have bepn given respecting the free Correspondence of this Plenipotentiary with his Court and with the Countries belonging to the Allies of His Majesty, the Undersigned immediately dispatched an extraordinary Messenger in order to communicate these Dispositions to his Government.

The conciliatory and humane Sentiments which have had an Influence in producing this Decision of the Cabinet, are a happy Presage of the Re-establishment of good Harmony between two Countries which, from the Genius, the Talents, and the Industry of their People, are so strongly interested in cherishing the Arts and the Enjoyments of Peace. It is with a View to attain more speedily- this End so ardently desired by all Europe, that the Undersigned was directed to submit to the British Government the Projet for a Maritime Truce; but the Ministers of His Majesty having judged that it would be premature to enter even upon the Difcuf-Jion of this Ob jell, it is his Duty to respedi the Motives which appear to them to militate against such a Negotiation, although he may have had every Reason to hope that the Adherence of His Majesty to that Proposal might have become the Pledge of the Continuance of the two Armistices concluded in Germany and Italy; the French Government not being able to consent, for any Length of Time, to sacrifice the Advantages afforded to it by its military Postion upon the Continent, without the Assurance of an analogous Sacrifice on the Part of Great Britain.

If, through the imperious Force of Circumstances, the Result of the Negotiations of Luneville should be subjected to the future Fortune of War, it is to be presumed that the respective Instructions and Deliberations would no longer have for a Basis a State of Things known and appreciated on all Sides, and that the pacific Dispositions manifested by the Belligerent Powers would not produce Effects as prompt and ialu-tary as might have been hoped for from a general Truce.

The Apprehensions of the Undersigned, relative to the probable Renewal of Hostilities in Germany and in Italy, notwithstanding the Negotiations which, in Concert with His Majesty, shall be commenced at Luneville, are confirmed by the Order which he has received to solicit an Answer before the 3d of September.

(Signed) Otto.

Hereford Street, the 42 th Year 8.

(30 Aug. 1800.)

4i Geo. III.

13° Novem

809

N 13.

Copy of a Letter from Lord Grenville to Captain George, dated Downing Street, September 1800.

Sir, Downing Street, Sept. 2, 1800.

I am to desire that you will apprize M. Otto, that the King has been pleased eventually to make Choice of Mr. Grenville to represent His Majesty at Luneville, and of Mr. Garlike, now His Majesty's Secretary of Legation at Berlin, to act as His Majesty's Secretary to Mr. Grenville's Mission. It will therefore be necessary that a separate Passport for Mr. Garlike should be furnished by the French Government, such as will enable him to proceed directly from Berlin to Luneville. You will add, that it will be a Matter of Convenience to His Majesty's Government, and to Mr. Garlike personally, if that Passport, instead of being sent through London, were transmitted, through the French Minister at Berlin, to the Earl of His Majesty's Minister at that Court.

I wish you farther to remark to M. Otto, that it is usual in the Opening of Negotiations for Peace, that such previous Explanations should take place, as may enable the respective Ministers to arrive nearly at the same Time at the Place of Negotiation; and that as the Communication on this Point may be received here so much sooner from Paris than from Vienna, His Majesty's Government would wish to be informed through you of the Period which may be fixed for the Arrival of the Austrian and French Plenipotentiaries at Luneville, in order that no Delay may take place on His Majesty's Part in the Openipg of the Negotiation. I am, t£c.

(Signed) Grenville.

To Captain George.

Fiance, —

coutinuta.

concluded before the Hostilities will have the First Consul will with regard to that

N 14.

Translation of a Letter from M. Otto to Lord Grenville, dated Hereford Street, 17 8th

Year, September4, 1800.

Hereford Street, 4th Sept.

My Lord, (17 Fruc.)

Mr. George not being yet returned from Margate, whither he has conveyed his Family, I hope that your Excellency will not disapprove of my transmitting to you directly the very important Communications which 1 received this Morning by an extraordinary Courier. I should add that, if His Majesty consents to the proposed Armistice, I am directed to deliver the Passport, and to give all the Assurances demanded for the Plenipotentiary who shall be appointed.

I have the Honour to be, with the highest Consideration, (Ac.

(Signed) Otto.

manded that England should be admitted to take Part in the Negotiations, prevented their Ratification by

rations with

his Imperial Majesty.

The Sulpension of Arms, which had taken place solely in the Hope of a speedy Peace between the Emperor and the Republic, ought then to cease, and will

in Fast cease on the 24 Fruclider(1 ith September),

since France had sacrificed to that Hope alone the immenl'e Advantages which Victory had secured to her.

The Intervention of England renders the Questton of Peace so complicated, that it is impossible for the French Government to prolong farther the Armistice upon the Continent, unless His Britannic Majesty will consent to render it common to the Three Powers.

If then the Cabinet of S‘ James's desires to continue to make a common Cause with Austria, and if its Desire to take Part in the Negotiations be sincere.

His Britannic Majesty will not befitate to adopt the proposed Armistice.

But if this Armistice be not 24 FruRidor (nth September),

been renewed with Austria, and no longer be able to consent.

Power, to any but a separate and complete Peace.

In order to satisfy the Explanations demanded relative to the Armistice, the Undersigned is directed to acquaint Lord Grenville, that the Places which it is proposed to afiimilate to those of Germany, are MSlta and the Maritime Towns of Egypt.

If it be true that a long Sulpension of Arms between France and England would appear unfavourable to His Britannic Majesty; it is not less so, that an Armistice prolonged upon the Continent would be essentially disadvantageous to the French Republic; lo that at the same Time that the Naval Armistice would be to the French Government a Pledge of the Zeal which would be employed by England in promoting the Re-establishment of Peace, the Continental Armistice would be one also to, the British Government of the

Sincerity of the Efforts of France-, and as the Pofuion

of Austria would no longer admit of her not diligently

seeking for a Conclusion, the Three Powers would have, in their own private Interests, decisive Reasons for consenting without Delay to the Sacrifices which may be reciprocally necessary ia order to bring about an early Conclusion of a general and solid Peace, such as may answer the Wilh and the Hope of the whole World.

(Signed) Otto.

Hereford Street, 17 Fruc. Year 8.

(4th Sept. 1800.)

N" 16.

Copy of a Letter from Lord Grenville to Evan Nepean, Esquire, dated Downing Street, September 4, 1800.

N° 15.

Translation of a Note from M. Otto to Lord Grenville, dated Hereford Street, 17 8th

Year, September 4, 1800.

The Undersigned having communicated to his Government the Note dated the 29th of ,forwarded to him by his Excellency Lord Grenville, is directed to submit to him the following Observations.

Preliminaries of Peace had been concluded and signed between his Imperial Majesty and the French Republic. The Intervention of Lord who de-

Vo t. ^55.

Sir, Downing Street, Sept. 4, 1800.

It appearing by a Note received this Day from M. Otto, that the French Government has determined to make the Continuance of the Armistice between Austria and France, and the Commencement of the Negotiations for Peace, dependent on the Conclusion of an Armistice with this Country; it is judged proper, in order that the ultimate Decision on so important and extensive a Question may be taken with the fulieft Knowledge of all the Considerations by which it ought to be governed, that you should iee M. Otto, and inquire of him, Whether (as his Note of the yoth ultimo appears to intimate) he is furnished with a Projet of a Treaty of Naval Truce ? and in that Cale,

Whether

1

8io

i 3 Novembris.

A. 1800.

? pm rel«t-uig to Negotiations with France, —

continued.

Whether lie is willing to communicate it to you for the Information of His Majesty's Government?

You will further esquire, Whether he is empowered and intruded to include in such Treaty, His Majesty's Allies?

And, lastly, if his Projet should contain no Article applicable to the Question of moving the French and Spanish Ships now in Brest to any other Station in or out of Europe, you will esquire, Whether M. Otto is authorized to enter into Negotiation for the Purpose of including proper Stipulations on that Subject in any Treaty of the Nature which his Government has proposed ? I am, isle.

(Signed) Grenville.

Evan Nepean, Esquire.

N 17.

Copy of a Letter from Evan Nepean, Esquire, to Lord Grenville, dated London, September 4, 1800.

My Lord, L, September 4, 1800.

Since I had the Honour of communicating to your Lordship the Conversation that had passed between me and M. Otto on the Subject of the Proposal for a Naval Armistice, and the Readiness he had expressed of furnishing me with a Copy of the Projet, I have received from him the enclosed Note and the Projet therein referred to I have the Honour to be, &c.

(Signed) Evan Nepean.

Lord Grenville.

VII.

His Catholic Majesty and the Batavian Republic are included in the present Armistice.

N 19.

Copy of a Note from Lord Grenville to M. Otto, dated Downing Street, September 5, 1800.

The only Motive which could lead this Court to entertain the Discussion of a Proposal so unusual in itself, and so disadvantageous to the Interests of Britain, as that of a Maritime Truce to precede Negotiation, is the Ddire of contributing to facilitate the Conclusion of a General Peace; and the Termination of the Armistice on the Continent, by the Act of the French Government, would put an End to all Inducements to such a Measure on the Part of this Country.

The Necessity of receiving the King's Commands, on the Projet communicated by M. Otto, must prevent the Undersigned from transmitting any Reply to that Paper before Sunday next. It i$ therciore for M. Otto to determine whether he will not think it proper immediately to write to his Government, to remark, that if France has proposed an Armistice with Great Britain for the Purpose of its leading to general Negotiation and Peace, that Object can only be attained by at least such a Prolongation of the Continental Armistice as will allow the Time required for receiving the Answer to the Proposal made here.

(Signed) Grenville. Downing Street, Sept. 5, 1800.

N 18.

Translation of a Projet — in M. Otto's, 4th September.

PROJET.

I.

There shall be a Suspension of Hostilities between the Fleets and Armies of the French Republic and those of Great Britain.

II.

The Ships of War and Merchant Vessels of each Nation shall enjoy a free Navigation without being subject to any Search, and shall observe the Usage istablished previous to the War.

III.

All Vessels, of either Nation, captured after the of FruRidor, shall be restored.

IV.

The Places of Malta, Alexandria, Belleijle, shall be assimilated to the Places of Ulrn, of and of

Ingoljladt; that is to say, all Neutral or French Vessels shall have permission freely to enter them in order to furnish them with Provisions.

V.

The Squadrons which Blockade Brejl, Cadiz, Toulon, Flu/hing, shall return into their own Harbours, or at least shall keep out of Sight of the Coast.

VI.

Three English Officers shall be dispatched, one directy to the Admiral commanding in the Mediterranean, another to the Commander of the Squadron before the third to the Commander of the Blockade of Alexandria, to notify to them the present Armistice, and to convey to them Orders to conform themselves thereunto. The said Officers shall pass through France, in order the more expeditiously to arrive at their Defti-oation.

' (N° ZO.)

Copy of a Note from M, Otto to Mr. Nepean, dated Thursday Evening, September 4, 1800.

Thursday Evening, Sept. 4, 1800.

Citizen Otto presents his Compliments to Mr. Nepean, and, according to his Desire, encloses a Sketch of the Treaty proposed by his Government.

' N° 21.

Translation of a Letter from M. Otto to Captain

George, dated London, 18 8th Year,

'September 5, 1800.

London, the 5th September 1800.

Sir, . (18 Fruc. Year 8.)

I have received the Letter which you have clone me the Honour to addrels to me, acquainting me that His Majesty had thought proper provisionally to appoint Mr. Grenville to take Part in the eventual Negotiations at Luneville. That Choice cannot fail to be very agreeable to the French Government. As loon as the Result of the present Communication shall have rendered the Journey of Mr. Grenville necessary, I shall deliver to him the Passport for which I had previously applied; and I am directed to give, in the Name of my Government, every Assurance which Mr. Grenville can desire respecting the Promptitude and the Inviolability of his Correspondence.

With Respect to Mr. Gar like, it will be very eafv to fqnd to him directly to Berlin the Passport necessary for him, and I shall request it of my Government.

The Arrangements to be taken in the same of an eventual Congress, in order that the respective Ministers may arrive about the same Time at the Place of the Conferences, are so conformable to the ordinary Proceedings in similar Cafes, that they will not be neglected. 'The Proximity of Paris will aiford me the Fa-

4

4i Geo. III. i 30 Novemlris. ‘ 8i i

cility of giving to the S Ministry every Information which it may desire upon that Subject, long before it could procure it from Vienna.

I have the Honour to be,

(Signed) Otto.

N 22,

Translation of a Note from M. Otto to Lord Grert-' ville; dated Hereford Street, 19 FruSlidor, 8 th

Year, September 6, 1800.

The Undersigned received Yesterday; at Four o'Clock in the Afternoon, the Note which his Excellency Lord Grenville did him the Honour to address to him. It appeared to him to be of such high Importance, that at the same Hour he transmitted it by an extraordinary Messenger to his Government. He hopes that it may arrive in Time to produce the Effect which his Excellency has had in View: and if it serves to prolong for a few Days the Continental Armistices, he will congratulate himself very much on having had it in his Power to contribute thereunto.

He begs his Excellency to accept the Homage of his respectul Consideration. r (Signed) Otto.

Hereford Street, 19 Frubl. Year 8.

(6 Sept. 1800.)

N9-23.

Copy of a Note from Lord Grenville to M. Otto, dated Downing Street, September 7, 1800.

Lord Grenville presents his Compliments to M.

Ctto, and fends him herewith the Official Answer to his Lift Communication on the Subject of an Armistice, together with the Counter Projet therein referred to.

He requests M. Otto to accept the Assurance of his high Consideration.

Downing Street, Sept. 7, 1800 *

N 24.

Copy of a Note from Lord Grenville to M. Otto± dated Downing Street, September 7, 1800.

The Undersigned has had the Honour to lay before the King the Official Answer of the French Government, which he received from M. Otto on the 4th Instant; and all'o the Projet of an Armistice communicated on the same Day, t

The Spirit of that Answer is unhappily but little consonant with those Appearances of a conciliatory Dif-position which had before been manifested. If it be really practicable in the present Moment to restore permanent Tranquillity to Europe, this Object must be effected by very different Means than those of such a Controversy as that Paper is calculated to produce.

Some Reply is however indispensably necessary to the Afl'ertions there advanced, which if now passed over might hereafter be considered as admitted.

The Articles which an Officer, charged with

no such Commission, was persuaded to sign at Paris, do indeed appear to His Majesty little calculated to terminate the Calamities of Europe.

But whatever be the Tendency of the Conditions which the French Government has there specified, there can be ho Pretence for rcprelcnting them as Preliminaries concluded by Aujior annulled by the Intervention of His Majesty.

The Engagements by which the Courts of London and Vienna have agreed not to treat except in Con-

VOL. 55.

ceft with each other, were concluded before there was Papers relate any Question of these pretended Preliminaries of Peace, ations^h And the first Intimations which His Majesty received of France, — their Signature were accompanied by the express Declarations of His Ally, that they were wholly unau- '

thorized, and must be considered as absolutely null.

The French Government could indeed expect nd other Determination to be taken by his Imperial Majesty. The Want of all Powers or Instructions for such a Treaty; on the Part of the Austrian Officer, was, at the Time, distinctly notified by him to those who treated with him, and is declared even on the very Face of the Paper which he signed.

With respect therefore to the supposed Demand of His Majesty to be admitted to those Negotiations, nothing more is necessary to be said. The Note delivered to M. de Thugutby Lord Minto, sufficiently explains the Part which His Majesty is really disposed to take in any Negotiation which may be regularly set on Foot for General Peace;

The King has always been persuaded that the Result of such a Negotiation can alone effectually re-establish the Tranquillity of Europe.

Experience has confirmed this Opinion; sfnd it i$ only from the Conviction of its Truth, that His Majesty has now been induced to waive His strong Objections to the first Proposal of a Naval Armistice, and to enter into the Discussion of the Conditions on which it may be established.

His Majesty, judging from the Experience of so many former Negotiations, considers such an Armistice as in no Degree likely either to expedite or to facilitate an Arrangement of the direct Interests of Great Britain and France.

He views it in no other Light than as a temporary Advantage which it js proposed to Him to yield to His Enemy, in order to prevent the Renewal of Continental Hostilities, and thereby to contribute to the Con-elusion of a General Peace.

And on this Ground, notwithstanding the many Disadvantages which He is sensible must result to this Country from such a Measure, He is' resolved to give to His Allies and to all Europe this new Pledge of the Sentiments by which He is actuated; provided that H is Enemies are disposed to regulate the Conditions of such an Armistice, as far as the Nature of the same will allow, in Conformity to the obvious and established Principle of f uch Arrangements.

This Principle is, that the respective Postion of the Two Parties should remain during the Continuance of the Armistice such as it was at its Commencement; and that neither of them should by its Operation acquire fresh Advantages or hew Means of annoying His Enemy, such as He could not otherwise obtain. The Difficulty of doing this with the same Precision in the same of Naval Operations, as by Land, has already been adverted to in a former Note; and it constitutes a leading Objection to the Measure itself.

But the French Projet, instead of attempting to remove or lessen these Difficulties, departs at once, and in every Article, from the Principle itself, although expressly recognized and studiously maintained in the Continental Armistice which is there referred to as the Foundation and Model of this Transaction;

It is proposed, in Effect, that the Blockade of the Naval Ports and Arsenals of the King's Enemies should be raised; that they should be enabled to remove their Fleets to any other Stations, and to divide of to collect their Force as they may judge most advantageous to their future Plans: The Importation both of Provisions and of Naval and Military Stores is to be wholly unrestrained. Even Malta and the Ports of Egyptj though expressly stated to be now blockaded, are to be freely victualled, and for an unlimited Period, in direct Contradiction to the Stipulations of the German Armistice respecting Vim and Ingolftato which Places

frpers velal-

injj to Negoti at ion t with Knoia, CMMtutusd.

81 i n Ntrvemris. A. 1800.

it is never theless professed to assimilate then): And this Government is expected to bind itself towards the Allies of France even before any reciprocal Engagement -can be received from them; while, at the same Time, all mention of the King's Allies is on the other Hand totally omitted.

To a Propotal so manifestly repugnant to Justice and Equality, and so injurious not only to His Majesty's Interests, but also to those of His Allies, it cannot be expected that any Motive should induce the King to accede.

The Counter Projet which the Undesigned has the Honour to transmit to M. Otto contains Regulations in this Respect more nearly corresponding with that Principle of Equality cun which alone His Majesty can consent to treat.

Even those Articles are in many important Points, And particularly in what relates to the actual Stations pf His Majesty's Squadrons, very far short of what His Majesty might justly demand from a Reference to the

feneral Principle above stated, from Analogy to the Conditions of the Continental Armistice, or from the relative Situation of Naval Force: And a Confidence is re poled in the good Faith of His Enemies, which, although it can never be claimed in Transactions be tween Belligerent Powers, His Majesty is nevertheless willing to hope He shall not find to have been mif-placed on the present Occasion.

If M. Otto is empowered to accede to these Stipula- lions, a proper Person will immediately be authorized to sign them on His Majesty's Part j if not, he is re quelled to transmit them without Delay to his Government.

(Signed)

Downing Street, Sept. 7, 1800.

Copy of the Counter Projet — in Lord Grenville's September 7, 1800.

COUNTER PROJET.

It having been agreed that Negotiations for a General Peace shall be immediately set on foot between the Emperor of Germany, His Britannic Majesty, and the French Republic, and an 'Armistice having already been concluded between the Forces of his Imperial Majesty and those of the French Republic, it is agreed that an Armistice shall also take place between the Forces of His Britannic Majesty and those of the French Republic, on the Terms and in the Manner following: That is to say.

Article I.

All Hostilities, bqth by Sea and Land, between the Forces of the Two contracting Parties shall be fuf-. pended, and shall not be renewed until after Fourteen. Days Notice given of the Termination of the Armi-ltice. This Notice, in so far as relates to the Parts of Europe North of Cape S , must be given by

one of the twp Governments to the other, and is to be reckoned from the Day in which the same shall be received by the Government to whom it is given. In the Mediterranean, or other Parts of the World, the Notice' must be given by the respective Commanding Officers. But in case of the Renewal of Hostilities between Aujiria and France, the Armistice between Great Britain and France is likewise to be considered as terminated, so soon as such Renewal of Hostilities shall be known to the Officer commanding the ftritijk I'orces, except only in so far as relates to Prizes of Merchant Vessels . which shall be regulated by the Third Article of this Convention.

1

Article If.

Orders shall immediately be sent by the Two Governments to their Officers in the different Parts of the World, to conform themselves to this Agreement; Sea Pafles shall be given to the Ships which are to carry these Orders; and His Britannic Majesty's Officers to be sent for that Purpose through France, shall be fumithed with the necessary Passports and Facilities to expedite their Journey.

Article III.

All Prizes made in any Part of the World during the Continuance and Operation of the Armistice, by any Officers having actually received due Notice of this Agreement, shall be restored j and generally, whether such Notice shall have been received or not, all Prizes made in the Channel, or in the North Seas, after Twelve Days (to be reckoned from the Exchange of the Ratifications of this Convention) shall be restored) And the same Periods shall be allowed in this Respect for the other Parts of the World, as were fti-pulated by the azd Article of the Preliminaries of the last Peace.

Article IV *

Malta, and the Maritime Towns and Ports of Egypt shall be placed on the same Footing as those Places which, though comprized within the^ Demarcation of the French Army in Germany, are occupied by the Austrian Troops; consequently nothing shall be admitted by Sea which can give additional Means of Defence; and Provisions only for Fourteen Days at a Time, in proportion to the Consumption, as it shall be ascertained by Commissaries to be named for the Purpose, who shall have Power to establish the necessary Regulations for giving Effect to this Stipulation, conformably to the Principles of the 4th Article of the Conr vention concluded between the Austrian and French Generals in Germany.

Article V.

The blockade of Mr eft, Toulon, and any other of the Ports of France by His Majesty's Fleets, shall be dist continued , and all British Ships shall be instructed not to interrupt or obstrud the Trade or Navigation of any Ships failing to or from the Coasts of France, except in the Article of Naval or Military Stores, which are not to be brought thither by Sea during the present Armistice. None of the Ships of War now stationed in the said Ports respectively shall, before the Renewal of Hostilities, be removed to any other Station.

Article VI.

The Allies of the Two Parties shall severally be a Liberty to accede to this Armistice, if they Co think fit; provided that they also engage to observe a like Armistice, on Conditions similar to those here speci-fiod, towards such of (he Allies on the other Side as shall also accede to it.

The Periods or Terms to be fixed for the Commencement of the Armistice in the different Quarters of the World as with respect to each of the said Allies, are to be regulated in Conformity to the Stipulations contained in the Third Article of this Convention as between Great Britain and; and the said Pe-

riods or Terms are to be reckoned from the Day on which the Accession of such Power to the Armistice shall have been duly notified by such Power to the Party with whom it is at War. Such Notification, duly authenticated by the Government on whose Part it is made, may either be transmitted directly by Couriers or Flags of Truce, or through the Channel of the Two contracting Parties, to each other reciprocally. The Naval Ports and Arsenals of the Allies of France are, during such Armistice, to be placed on the fame

Footing

4i Geo. III.

13° Novem

8x3

Footing with those of France; and the Notices which are to precede the Renewal of Hostilities, as well as all other Matters relating to such Armistice, are to be regelated according to the Terms of this Convention.

Article VII.

This Convention shall be ratified, and the Ratifications shall be exchanged within the Term of Ten Days, or sooner if the same be practicable.

N 26.

Translation of a Letter from M. Otto to Lord Grenville, dated Hereford Street, 21 8 th

Year, September 8, 1800.

Hereford Street, 21 Fruit. 8.

(Sept. 8, 180c.)

N 28,

Translation of a Note from M. Ottb to Lord Grenville, dated Hereford Street, 29 Frudidor, 8th Year, September 16, t8oo.

The Undersigned has transmitted to his Government the Note of his Excellency Lord dated the Seventh of September. The Counter Projet which accompanied it having been laid before the First Consul, he has observed that the Armistice, such as it was proposed, did not offer any Advantage to the French Republic, and consequently could not compen-fate to it for the serious Inconveniencies which would result to it from the Continuance of the Continental Armistice: Hence it follows, that the Counter Projet My Lord, ' (Sept.8, 180c.) coul,d be admitted inasmuch only as the Question

I received Yesterday at Eleven o'Clock at Night mfht be to ttle the Preliminaries of a parti-

the Note and the Counter Projet which your Excel- $ular Arrangement between W and England by lency did me the Honour to address to me. The Prin- Jmce alike Part,^u]ar ° the ^wo State3> but the Ef-ciplcs contained in these Two Pieces are in several Re- of the propoted Mantim Truce being intended to spe&s so little analogous to the Proposals which I have ^rrV % as a ^0iyiP';n^tion to . the Frencli Republic^ for been directed to make, and the Object of which was to the Continental Truce, the former ought to afford to compensate by a British Armistice the Inconveniencies 11 Advantages equal to the Inconveniencies which it which might result to France from the eventual Pro- experiences from the latter.

Papro rthU iii£ to NegotU ations with Fi\ ace,-

longation of the German Armistice, that I cannot take upon myself to admit them without previously receiving farther Instructions. I have therefore complied with your Excellency's Intentions, by tranlipitting to my Government those two Pieces with as little Delay as possible. I have the Honour to be, with the most respe&ful Consideration, isle.

(Signed) Otto.

N 27.

Translation of a Letter from M. Otto to Lord Grenville, dated Hereford Street, 29 Frultidor, 8th Year, September 16, 1800.

Hereford Street, Sept. t6, 1800.

My Lord, (29 Fruit. 8.)

I have the Honour to address to your Excellency the Answer which my Government has directed me to make to the Note which you did me the Honour to address to me.

The First Consul, hoping that it is (till possible to approximate the Interests of the Two Governments, and their Willies for a speedy and solid Peace, and

The Undersigned is therefore directed to make Two Proposals, of which His Britannic Majesty may choose that which may appear to Him most consonant to the interest of His Dominions or to His Continental Re- lations.

The First is, that the Projet for an Armistice be drawn up and admitted in Terms analogous to those which have been proposed by the Ministry of His Britannic Majesty, but solely under the Supposition that this Armistice should be independent of the Events of the Continent, and relative only to a separate Negotiation to be immediately opened between the Two Powers.

The Second is, that His Britannic Majesty should continue to make Common Cause with the Emperor, but that, in that Cafe, he should consent that the Ma/ ritime Truce may offer to the French Republic Advantages equal to those secured to the House of Austria by the Continental Truce.

And with this View the Comparison may be easily settled.

By the Continental Armistice the Court of Vienna acquires the Means of re-organizing its Armies, of converting into Men, Arms, Ammunition of every Kind, the Subsidies paid to it by England; of fortify-

being willing to give, on his Part, a fresh Proof of his ing and victualling its Places of the Second and Third pacific Dispositions, has dispatched Orders for deferring "' '

for some Days longer the Attack which the French Army had been directed to make upon the whole Line.

I shall give verbally either to your Excellency your-

Line which were in a bad State, in consequence of the rapid March of the French Armies having not been foreleen. Thus Afoppo, Palmanova, Venice, Verona, and Lintz, had been neglected; every Day their Fortifications are repairing. Ulm, Ialthough block-

self, or to such Person as you shall judge proper to ap- acted, are improving their Means of Defence } and it is point for that Purpose, satisfactory Explanations re- the Armistice which procures to them this Advantage}

spefting the principal Objections contained m your Note of the Seventh of this Month; and I flatter my-self that they will produce the Effect which your Excellency had in View by making known to me the Intentions of His Majesty. The high Importance of those Communications authorizes me to entreat that you would give them every Facility in your Power. 1 have the Honour to be, with the most respectul Consideration,

My Lord,

Y our Excellency's most obedient

And most humble Servant,

(Signed) Otto.

Vo

Li 5 -

for at the Moment when those Places were invested, the Enemy thought only of besieging ours, and confe-

2uently their pwn were not prepared for so early an tttack. '

By the Continental Armistice, the Impression made by the Victories of the French Armies diminish, their Effects are weakened. Six Months of Repose would suffice to restore the moral and physical Strength of the Austrian Armies; to allow the conquered to recover from the Impression of Ascendancy acquired by the Conquerors, and to make it necessary once more to regain that contingent Superiority so well earned by the Republic.

It would also follow as a Consequence of the Continental Armistice, that the Kingdom of Naples, now a Prey to every Kind of Calamity, and containing all the Seeds of Insurrection, might be re-organized, and

furnish

814

i 3° Novem.

A. 1800.

Papers relating to Negotiations Ultil France — conUnurJ.

furnish frdli Resources to the Enemies of France. It is by Means of the Armistice, in a Word, that Men are railing in Fife any and in the Marshes of;

that Aujlriais every where preparing neW Means of

Defence; that every where she is ameliorating her Po-fition, which perhaps was desperate, whilst the Advan-

If a Separate Negotiation and Peace be the Object, the Armistice may be agreed to in the Form in which it is proposed by the Ministry of His Britannic Majesty.

If a Joint Negotiation and a General Peace be the Object, the Armistice must be stipulated in the Man-

tages of the Republic are diminishing or disappearing. ner in which it is proposed in the Name of the French

Government, and as it will be subsequently detailed by the Undersigned.

(Signed)

Hereford , 29 Frufl. An. 8.

16, 1800.

The First Conlul has already made to the Love of Peace a sufficiently great Sacrifice of those Advantages: If he should continue to derive no Benefit from them, it would no longer be Moderation, but Weak-ness; it would no longer be the Means of arriving at the Conclusion of Peace, but that of perpetuating the War. Perhaps in the Judgment of Statefinen the French Government may have already too long delayed to avail it felt of the Contingency which was favourable to it; but it has only done so upon the positive Act finances which had been given to of it a speedy and separate Peace.

At this Moment, when the Two Allied Courts insist upon a Joint Negotiation and a General Peace, the French Government is too well aware that so complicated a Work is not to be accomplished in a few Days, and it ought to avoid putting itself in a Postion which would be diametrically opposite to the Acceleration of the Negotiations, by giving to the inimical Powers, and principally to , a real Int#rest to

prolong the Discussions, in order daily to acquire the Means of appearing with greater Advantage in the Field of Battle, and consequently with greater Pretensions at the Congress.

It is with a View of avoiding, in Part, so manifest an Inconvenience, that France requires that the Maritime Armistice should be stipulated in such a Manner as to be equivalent to the Continental Armistice, and as to place England on its Side, in the Situation of being desirous of the Conclusion of Peace. The Advantages which the Republic can and ought to expect from the Naval Armistice, are the free Navigation of her Ships, and the Facilities necessary for her Communications with the Islands of France and Reunion, and with her American Colonies; and although she should make use of it to fend a few Thousand Men more to Egypt, do not the Plates belonging to the Emperor daily acquire, in like Manner, fresh Strength upon the Continent?

With respect to the Victualling the Harbours of the French Republic itself, internal Means of Circulation are not wanting; and this Object is but of small Importance to it. When the Government pro-

poses that the Harbours and Places blockaded should only receive Provisions for Fourteen Days, is it aware that the greater Part of those Establishments are still far from wanting Provisions ? And besides that, the Season is drawing near which, by rendaring a Naval Blockade almost always illusory, makes the proposed Favour quite useless.

That if, besides, it be considered how little it is the Interest of Great Britain, if it-be sincerely desirous of Peace, to prevent France from preserving and consolidating the small Number which remain to her of foreign Settlements, and how much England, by making new Acquisitions of this Nature, would augment still farther the Uneasiness and Jealously of Europe-, and the ' Disposition which it evinces not to fee with Indifference the unlimited Extension of the Power and Commerce of England, it will be acknowledged, at the same Time, that the Advantages to be derived to the French Republic from a Maritime Truce are admitted; that this Truce would not be so eminently disadvantageous to England as her Government appears to imagine.

The Undersigned is, in consequence, directed to refer to the double Proposition contained in the present Note. /

N° 29.

Copy of a Letter from Lord Grenville to M. Olio, dated Downing Street, September 20, 1800.

Sir, Downing Street, Sept. 20, 1800.

I enclose to you the Answer to the last Note which I have had the Honour to receive from you.

You will there observe that His Majesty is very far from thinking it proper for Him to accede to the Principle which is again urged in that Note, as the Foundation of a NaVal Armistice.

While this fundamental Difference subsists, there can be little Reason to hope that any Advantage could arise from difeufling the Details of such a Measure.

The Counter Projet which I had the Honour to transmit to you, is considered here as going to the full Extent of Concession which can with any Colour of Reason be a Iked by France, or which could be admitted by this Country, even in that View in which alone there can be any Question of Naval Armistice.

If you are authorized to make any such new Pro-pofals as shall be really Coiififtent with those Principles which form the only admissible Basis for such a Transaction, I am confident you will not be unwilling, in a Matter of so much Importance, to transmit them to me in Writing.

Should they then appear to His Majesty's Government to afford any sufficient Grounds for further Dist cufiion of this Point, I shall very readily receive the King's Commands for authorizing a proper Person to converse with you on the Subject of those Communications.

I have the Honour to be, dsfr.

Grenville.

N *

30-

Copy of a Note from Lord Grenville to M. Ottt, dated Downing Street, September 20, 1800.

The Note enclosed in M. Otto's Letter of the 16th Instant, has been laid before the King.

His Majesty has not seen in that Paper any fresh Suggestions on the Subject of a Naval Armistice, which can at all vary the Answer transmitted to M. Otto on the 7th Instant.

Neither His Majesty's known Engagements to His Allies, nor His Desire, so recently expressed, to contribute to the Restoration of General Tranquility in Europe, will admit of His separating His interests from those of the Powers with whom He is connected in the Prosecution of the War; much less could He entertain the Idea of consenting, for such a Purpose, to any Naval Armistice: a Measure which He has already declared to be totally inapplicable to a separate Dil-cuffion of tire interests of Great Britain and France.

This Proposal being the refore one which the French Government must have known that His Majesty could not accept, "the supposed Alternative profeifed to be

offered

4i Geo. lit. 130 Novembris.

offered to His Majesty's Choice, amounts to nothing more than to the Ample Renewal of a Demand already rejected. No fresh Inducement is stated which should now dispose His Majesty to consent to those Conditions of Armistice for joint Negotiation which he had before considered as wholly inadmissible.

From Information received since the last Communications on this Subject took place. His Majesty has ob~ served, with equal Surprize and Concern, that the Orders for giving Notice of the Termination of the Continental Armistice must actually have been dispatched from Paris at the very Time, when the Continuance of that Armistice was proposed to His Majesty as the Condition and Inducement for a Maritime Truce. And if in Addition to this Circumstance His Majesty were to Collect the present Dispolltions of His Enemies from the Terms respecting His Conduct and Views with which their recent Communications with His Allies are Ailed, the Conclusion must be extremely unfavourable to the Existence of any Disposition to Conciliation.

His Majesty is however still willing to waive all Reference to these Considerations, and to regulate His Gonduct by the Motives which He has already explained. He still looks, therefore, to a Naval Armistice on suitable Conditions, as to a Sacrifice which He may be induced to make in order to prevent the Renewal of Hostilities on the Continent, and thereby to facilitate those joint Negotiations for General Peace which might perhaps be accelerated by such an Arrangement, although they are by no Means necessarily dependent on it.

But when it is required that the Extent of the Sacrifice which His Majesty is to make should be regulated neither by any fair Standard of Equality, nor by the ordinary Rules which govern such Transactions; when without any Reference to the Interests of His own People, He is called upon to proportion his Concessions to the exaggerated Estimates which His Enemies have formed of the Benefits derived to His Allies from the Continental Armistice; and When on such Grounds as these, Conditions are infilled on which even these could not warrant, it becomes necessary to state dif-tinftly that His Majesty neither recognizes this Principle, nor, if He did, could He agree in this Application of it.

His Majesty is not, indeed, called upon to appreciate the relative Advantages which the Prolongation of the Continental Armistice might really afford to each of the Belligerent Powers. But even of those Circumstances which are enumerated by the French Government as exclusively advantageous to Austria, many are evidently beneficial to both Parties, and are so nearly to an equal Extent.

If during the Interval of Repose which has already elapsed, the AujirianArmies have been rc-established, recruited, and re-inforced, France has not been inattentive to the same Measures. If the Subsidies which His Majesty has furnished are applied by His Ally to the Formation or Transport of Magazines, France has appropriated to similar Purposes the rigorous Contributions exatfted from those Countries which the Existence of an Armistice has not exempted from that Calamity The Places in the Rear of the Aujbrian Army may have been repaired; but the Postion of the French Armies has also been strengthened, and even the blockaded Towns may perhaps suffer more from the increased Length of the Blockade, than they can profit by any- internal Measures for improving their Defences.

Into other Points of Comparison His Majesty forbears to enter. No Part of the varied Successes of the Continental War appear to Him to entitle His Enemies to presume on any Ascendant over the Spirit of the Aujirian Armies.

But were the Assertions of the French Government in these Respects better grounded than His Majesty

Vox.. 55.

conceives them to be, the Principle itself would still be inadmissible: It is impossible that His Majesty can

admit that Compensation is to be demanded from Him for the Extent of those Advantages, whatever they might really be, which His Ally might derive from the Continuance of the Armistice; yet even such Compensation is in a great Degree offered by His Majesty. In contenting to a Naval Armistice on such Terms as have already been acceded to on His Majesty's Part, -He has made considerable Sacrifices, arid placed within the Reach of His Enemies great and obvious Advantages which their Representation in vain endeavours to depreciate, He has thereby given to ali Europe a strong Pledge of His Concern for the General Welfare, and to His Enemies a decided Proof of pacific Disposition.

But to yield to the present Demand would be to sacrifice those Means of present Defence, and those Pledges of future. Security, which have been acquired by such great and memorable Efforts, and which He can never be expected to forego till the Result of those Negotiations, in which He has declared His Readiness to concur, shall have crowned His Endeavours for the Happiness of His Peple by the Restoration of safe and honourable Peace.

(Signed) Grenville.

Downing Street, Sept. 20, 1800.

Papers relat- . ing to Nrgoti-ations with France, —

continued.

N° 31.

Translation of a Letter from M. Otto to Lord Grenville; dated London, 4th Complimentary Day, 8th Year, September 21, 1800.

London, the 4th Complimentary Day, Year 8.

(Sept. 21, 1800.)

My Lord,

I received Yesterday at Ten o'Clock at Night; the Letter and the Note which your Excellency did me the Honour to address to me j and I have learnt from them; with the deepest Regret, that His Majesty and His Ministry are not yet disposed to accede to thd Principles of Conciliation contained in the Note which I had the Honour to transmit to yod on the x 6th of this Month:

It was not merely with a View to difeufs those Principles, but in order to propose to your Excellency fresh Means of Reconciliation, that I felt it my Duty to request, in my Letter of the 16th, to have an Interview with you; and I had every Reafori to hope that the Explanations into which I should have entered would effectually have obviated the Difficulties which are still opposed to the 'Conclusion of the General Armistice.

You desire, my Lord, that I should give you those Explanations in Writing. They relate to Two Points, which in your first Note are represented as being the most important: The Power of altering the Positions of the Squadrons of the Republic during the Armistice j and the Fate of the Allies of Great Britain.

I am authorized to consent that the French Ships of the Line shall not go out of the Harbours where they are at present j and if His Majesty insists upon His Allies being included in the proposed Armistice, I am authorized also to consent that they should enjoy the same Advantages as those of the Republic.

The Intentions of the First Consul are anew detailed in the Projet which I have herewith the Honour to enclose; and in order not to delay a Communication of such Importance, I defer until another Opportunity my Answer to your Excellency's Note.

I shall only observe, that even if the Aujirian Armistice should have been broken in this Interval, it would be easy to make the respective Armies resume their former Positions in the Event of His Majesty's

9 Y acceding

816 i J9 Novembris. A, 1800.

Paper % elat- acceding to the last Proposals which have been made

ini; to Ncguti ... ° r

ations With tO iiim.

France, —

continued. Conf, jeration> fcfr,

(Signed) Otto.

I have the Honour to be, with the most respectful

N 3 -

Translation of the Projet — in M. Otto's September ii, 1800.

PROljET.

IN consideration of its having been agreed that Negotiations for a General Peace shall be immediately opened between the French Republic and its Allies on one Side, and his Imperial Majesty, His Britannic Majesty, and their Allies, on the other Side; and that the Armistice which has already been concluded between the Armies of the French Republic and those of Fris Imperial Majesty may be prolonged, if an equivalent Armistice should be concluded between the Forces of the French Republic and those of His Britannic Majesty, the Two Governments have agreed to conclude the said Armistice upon the following Conditions:

Article I.

All Hostilities both by Sea and Land between the Two Nations shall be suspended, and shall not be renewed until after a Month's Notification prior to the End of the Armistice. In all Parts of the World the Armistice shall not be broken without the express Order of the contracting Governments; and Hostilities shall not be renewed until a Month after the Notification which may have been given by the General or Commanding Officer of One of the Two Nations to . that of the other Nation.

Article II.

tain. An English Officer of Rank shall for this Purpose embark on board One of the Frigates, and shall travel through France on his Way to Toulon.

Article V.

The Blockade of Brejl, of , and of every other French Port, shall be raised and all Captains

shall receive Inftriidtions not to interrupt the Trade of any Vessel either entering therein Or going out thereof. No Ship of the Line, however, of Two or Three Decks, actually at Anchor in the said Ports, shall be at Liberty to go out before the Renewal of Hostilities, for the Purpose of changing its Station; but Frigates, Sloops, and other small Ships of Waf, may freely go out and navigate, and in the Event of their meeting at. Sea with Ships belonging to His Britannic Majesty, they shall observe the Customs established before the War.

Article VI.

The Land Forces in the Pay of His Britannic Majesty shall not have the Power of dilembarking in any Port of Italy during the Continuance of the present Armistice.

Article VII.

The Allies of France, namely, the Batavian

Republic, and Genoa, shall participate in the Benefit of the present Armistice. . (If His Britannic Majesty infills upon including His Allies in the Armistice, they shall enjoy the same Advantages with those of France.)

Article VIII.

The present Convention shall be ratified, and the Ratifications shall be exchanged in the Space of Ten Days, or sooner if it should be possible.

N 33-

Orders shall be immediately transmitted by the Two Governments to the Commanding Officers in the several Parts of the World, directing them to act in Conformity with this Convention. Passports shall be given to the Persons who shall carry out these Orders; and the Officers of H is Britannic Majesty who shall travel through France for this Purpose shall receive safe Conducts and the necessary Facilities for accelerating their Journey.

Article III.

All Prizes made in any Part of the World, during the Continuance of the Armistice, by any Officer having actually received the Notification of this Convention, shall be restored. And generally i whether this Notification shall have been made or not) all Prizes made in the Channel, or in the North Seas, after Twelve Days, to be computed from the Exchange of the Ratifications of this Convention, shall be restored; and, in regard to this Object, the Terms shall be fixed for the other Parts of the World conformably to the Stipulations of the 22d Article of the Preliminaries of the last Peace; whence it results, that, computing from the Day of the said Exchange, all Trading Vei-fels of either Nation shall have the Power of putting out to Sea, and of navigating freely as before the "War.

Article IV.

Malta and Egypt shall be assimilated to the Places in Germany, which although blockaded by the French Army, have been permitted to enjoy the Benefit of the Continental Armistice. Malta shall be furnished with Provisions for Fifteen Days at a Time, at the Rate of Ten Thousand Rations per Diem. With Regard to Egypt, Six French Frigates shall have the Liberty of lading from Toulon, of unlading at Alexandria, and of returning without being searched, and without suffering any Opposition during their Passage, cither from English Ships or from those of the Allies of Great Bri-

Translation of a Note from M. Otto to Lord

ville; dated Hereford Street, i Vendemiaire, 9th Year, September 22, 1800.

During the whole Course of the Negotiation with which the Undersigned has been charged, he has had Cause to regret that the Want of more direct Communications with His Majesty's Ministry, has rendered it impossible for him to give to His Official Overtures the necessary Explanations. This Inconvenience is rendered dill more striking by the Result of his last Communications, to which the Note which he had the Honour to receive on the 20th of this Month is an Answer.

The first Part of this Note appearing to intimate a Doubt respecting the Sincerity of the Dispositions of the French Government to begin Negotiations for a General Peace, the Undersigned cannot avoid entering into some Details upon this Subject, which will fully justify the Conduct of the First Consul.

The proposed Alternative of a Peace, in the

Event of His Majesty's not accepting the Conditions for a General Armistice, far from evincing a Want of Sincerity, furnishes, on the contrary, the strongest Proof of the conciliatory Dispositions of the First Consul: It is a necessary Consequence of the Declaration made by the Undersigned the 4th of this Month. In Effect, he has had the Honour to apprize the Ministry, " That if that Armistice be not concluded " before the nth of September, Hostilities have " been renewed with Anjlria, and that in that same the " First Consul will no longer be able, with Regard to " thisPozver, to consent to any, except a separate and " pletePeace."

That Armistice was not concluded at the Date fixed upon; it was therefore natural eventually to cxpedl a separate Peace with Austria, and, according to the lamt Supposition, a Peace in like Manner separate with Great Britain, unless it is thought that the Calamities with which

4i Geo. III.

13° Novembris *

817

which a great Part of Eurbpe has been for Eight In speaking of the Conipensations requisite, in order

Years past oppressed, should be continued-without to place the Naval Amiiftice upon a Footing with the ations witi"''"

other Hope of Termination than that of the complete. Continental Truce, His Majesty's Ministry think that France-, —

~ there is some Preponderance in the Balarice settled by the French Government; a formal Difcufiibn upon this Point would undoubtedly be displaced. After the various Success'es of a War which has produced so many extraordinary Events, it is difficult to doubt of the moral Influence of those Events upon Armies, upon Nations, upon Governments themselves, and the De-

Destruction of One of the Belligerent Powers.

It is not therefore the French Government which proposes to His Majesty to separate His Interests from those of His Allies; but having in vain attempted to unite them in a Common Centre, and finding them separated in Fail by the 11 e hi fa 1 of England to lay down on the Altar of Peace some special Advantages of

which France had already made a Sacrifice, the First ductions which may be drawn from it at present, ap-Consul has given a fresh Proof of his Dispositions, by pear to justify the Opinion which the Undersigned has pointing out other Means of Reconciliation which the felt it his Duty to Hate. If there be any Exaggeration Course of Events will bring about l'ooner or later. in this Opinion it is lhared with the Enemies of the

In Conformity with the Advice which the Un- Republic themselves, who have employed every Effort dersigned had transmitted on the 4th of this Month, to prolong the Truce, and who have not scrupled to Notification was given of the Collation of the Conti- ‘ use the Means of pretended Negotiations in order to

nental Armistice at the Term which had been fixed upon, but the Counter Projet of the British Ministry, dispatched by the Undersigned upon the 8th of this Month, having reached Par on the 10th, and his Imperial Majesty having appeared to be convinced

gain Time. The Preliminaries signed by the Count de S' Julien, and dilavowed by his Court are a memo-

rable Example of this; and the Prolongation of the Continental Armistice must necelikriiy be considered as a Sacrifice on the Part of the Republic, since every

that his Ally would not withhold his Consent to an Effort has been employed to extort its Consent to it. admissible Armistice, the First Consul determined again But even whilst His Majesty's Ministry admit the to retard for Eight Days the Renewal of Hostilities. Existence of this Sacrifice, they formally declare that Orders were immediately dispatched to the Armies of an analogous Sacrifice cannot be expected to be made Germany and Italy, and in the Event of those Orders on the Part of His Majesty. It certainly does not be-arriving too late in the last mentioned Country, and come France to judge how far His Majesty's Engage-of the French Generals having obtained Success'es in ments with His Allies may counteract His Inclinations

consequence of any Military Operation, they are ordered to resume that Pofttion which they occupied on the precise Day on which Hostilities were re-commenced.

The Ample Relation of these Fadts will, without . Doubt, be sufficient to prove that the French Government never can have intended to cover, by pretended Negotiations, a fresh Attack upon Aujiria; and 'that, on the contrary, it has acted throughout this Negotiation with that Frankness and Loyalty which can alone ensure that Re-establishment of General Tranquillity which His Majesty and His Ministry have so much at Heart.

in this Respect; but France appears to have certainly an undoubted Right to demand the Price of the Sacrifice which file has made, and which she is (till willing to make. The First Consul has given to Europe repeated Pledges of his pacific Dispositions; he has never ceased manifesting them to the Cabinets interfiled in this Contest; and even although the Hopes of the Enemies of the French Republic should be excited by his Moderation, it shall always be the foie Guide of his Actions.

notwithstanding this Difference in the Manner of viewing several Questions accefl'ory and preliminary to the proposed Pacification, the Undersigned cannot but It would be in vain to look for Proofs of a contrary congratulate himself on finding, in all the Communi-Intention in some Expressions contained in the Official cations which he has hitherto had the Honour of re; Communications of the French Government to the Al- ceiving, the same Assurances of His Majesty's Dispofi-lies of His Majesty. More especially if such Proofs tion to employ His Efforts towards the Re-establishment were attempted to be drawn from One of the last Let- of the Tranquility of Europe-, and he will neglect no ters written to Baron Thugut, which the Undersigned Opportunity of placing this Disposition in its llrongeft might have communicated himself, if he had found ' ' ‘ -

an Opportunity; that Letter would prove that the French Government, always a Friend to Peace, appeared to complain of the Intentions Of Great Britain only because it had every Reafori to believe them contrary to a solid Syftern of Pacification.

The Undersigned has entered into these Details only because, on the Eve of Negotiations which may be entered upon, it is of Importance to the Councils of the Two Powers to be reciprodally convinced of the Sincerity of their Intentions, and because the Opinion which they may have of that Sincerity is the only Pledge for the Success of the Negotiations.

With respect to the second Point in the Note which the Undersigned has had the Honour of receiving, he is to refer to his Letter of the 16th, in which he informed his Excellency Lord Grenville that he was directed to give satisfa£lory Explanations relative to the principal Objections of the British Government to the proposed Armistice, and entreated him, at the same Time, to facilitate the Means of verbal Communications with the Ministry. It was therefore difficult to believe that the French Government would adhere, without any Modification, to its first Overtures; for, in that Cafe, it would have been quite useless to solicit for an Interview, in order to give satisfactory Explanations.

Vol. 55.

Light to his Government.

(Signed) Hereford Street, Sept. 22, 1800.

(1 Vendemiaire, Year 9.)

Otto.

N°

34'

Translation of a Letter from M. Otto to Lord Grenville; dated Hereford Street, 2 Vendemiaire, 9th Year, September 23, 1800.

Hereford Street, Septr 23, 1800, My Lord, [a Vendemiaire, 9.)

I have the Honour to addrels to your Excellency the Answer to the Note which you had the Goodnels to transmit to me on the 20th of this Month.

I beg that you would at the same Time accept thei Homage of those Sentiments of Respect with which I have the Honour to be, &c.

: (Signed) Otto.

818

13° Novembris. A. 1800.

lepers relating to Negotiations with France, — (ontmuiJL

N 3j.

Copy of a Note from Lord to M. Otto j

dated Downing Stree September 24, 1800.

Downing Street, Sept. 24 1800.

Lord Grenville presents his Compliments to M. Otto, and has the Honour to acquaint him, that, in con sequence of his Desire for an Opportunity of conversing with a Person of Confidence on the Part of this Government, respecting the different Proposals which have been made as to the Conditions of a Naval Armistice, His Majesty has been pleased to give Authority to Mr. Hammond to meet M. Otto for that Purpose.

It is the sincere Wilh of His Majesty's Government, that the Result of their Conversation on this Subject may tend to facilitate the great Work of a General Pacification on a solid and permanent Balls.

Lord Grenville requcfts M. Otto to be allured of his high Consideration.

N° 36.

Copy of a Letter from Lord Grenville to Mr» Hammond; dated Downing , 24,

1800.

Sir, Downing Street, Sept. 24, 1800.

M. Otto having been empowered by the French Government to negotiate a Convention for an Armistice between this Country and France, with a View to Negotiations for General Peace; and having expressed an earned; Desire to enter into verbal Explanations on this Subject with some Person properly authorized on His Majesty's Partj the King, willing to omit nothing which can contribute to the great Work of restoring solid and permanent Tranquillity to Europe, has been pleased to make Choice of you for the Purpose of meeting M. Otto, and of receiving from him such verbal Communications as he may wish to make in Addition to what has already passed in Writing respecting the different Projets proposed on either-Side for a Naval Armistice.

This Letter will point to you the Reasons which induce His Majesty to consider M. Otto's Second Projet as unsatisfa&ory in all the material Points in which it differs from the Counter Projet prepared here by His Majesty's Command.

You will state to M. Otto His Majesty's Decision in this Respect, and you will enter without Reserve into the Discussion of the Grounds on which it rests. His Majesty has no other Object in View in this Transaction than to contribute to the Restoration of General Peace. He is not unwilling for this Purpose to sacrifice some present Advantage, in the Opinion that by so doing He consults the permanent Interests of His People; but He can neither consent, at the Opening of a Negotiation for Peace, to place Himself in a Condition of Inferiority to His Enemies, such as the Result of the War in which He is engaged by no Means warrants; nor does He think that the Object of Peace itself would be promoted or accelerated by rendering the intermediate Situation of His Enemies, under Colour of an Armistice, such as they might be desirous to prolong, rather than to ter- minate it by any admissible Conditions of Peace.

His Majesty fees, in the last Projet of the French Government, little Prpgress towards an Accommodation} it is indeed Hated in M. Otto's Letter to me of the 2fft Instant, that satisfactory Explanations are there given on the Two most important Points which had been in lifted on by His Majesty.

The Admission of His Majesty's Allies to partake in the same Terms of Armistice in which France claims to 5

include her Allies, is indeed not only an important, but an indispensable Condition of any such Agreement; but there can be no Ground for representing this equal and necessary Arrangement as a Concession on the Part of France, rather than on the Part of His Majesty. And with respect to the other Point stated by M. Otto (that which relates to the French Ships of War) the Offer of France still falls very short both of the King's Demand, and of what would be necessary even to assimilate the Naval Armistice to that of the Continent. The Article in its present Shape is therefore so far from containing any Facility which could soften or remove the other Obstacles in the Way of an amicable Conclusion of this Business, that it must still be regarded in Justice as an unequal and inadmissible Claim on the Part of the King's Enemies.

On other Points of no less Importance, the new Projet adheres to the former Demand, and even in one Instance brings forward a fresh Pretention which had not before been stated.

In examining in Detail the several Articles of the proposed Convention, some verbal Differences between the English Counter Projet and the Second French Projet, are not intended to be here adverted to.

If the more important Points of the Negotiation were satisfactorily adjusted, it would be necessary to make some Remarks on these, and possibly also to propose, for the Sake of Precision, a few verbal Alterations or Additions to the original Articles: But none of these appear likely in that same to create any lerious Difficulty.

It might be sufficient to include under this Keferve the Two Variations made in the Preamble of the Convention.

But it may perhaps be more proper for you to state at this Time the following Observations respecting them; viz.

«. That tire Mention of the respective Allies, in the Form in which those Words are introduced into the French Preamble, seems to imply of Necessity, not only that the Negotiations shall (as is the King's Intention) be carried on with a View to a General Peace alone, so as to include in the final Adjustrnent all the Allies on both Sides, but also that those Allies should immediately be called upon to take Part by their Ministers in the proposed Negotiations: a Question which His Ma- % jesty conceives may more conveniently be referred to future Discussion, instead of being prejudged by the Terms of any separate Agreement for an Armistice between Great Britain and France.

2. The Expressions used in the French Projet respecting the Continental Armistice, appear unbecoming towards the King's Allies, and cannot therefore be agreed to by His Majesty.

3. The Word " Equivalent," as there inserted, seems to assume, as the Basis of the Naval Armistice, that Principle of full Compensation to which the King has already refused His Consent.

It should in like Manner be mentioned by you, that, in the First Article, the Omission of the Words " Forces " of" seems to imply a more complete Suspension of the State of War between the Two Powers, than accords with the Nature of an Armistice, or is confident with the Conditions (particularly those respecting the Transport of Naval and Military Stores) on which His Majesty judges it necessary for him to insist.

In the remaining Part of this Article very material Changes are made in the Conditions offered by His Majesty. These are,

1. The extending the Term of Notice for the Deflation of the Armistice, from Fourteen Days to OncMonth.

2iThe requiring that this Notice of One Month should in all Cases be given only in consequence of Orders from the respective Governments, and by the Commanding Officer of one Country to the Commanding Officer of the other, in the different Parts of the World respectively.

3. The

4i Geo. III.

13° Novem.

819

3. The Total Omission of the Clause by which the Continuance of the Naval Armistice was made to depend on that of the Continent.

It is probable that tire Two first of these Alterations arc principally prqposed in the same View which led to the Omission of this last Clause; and the Effect of the Whole would be, that if the Armistice with shoukl at any Period be terminated by France, His Majesty would still for some considerable Time be restrained from assisting His Ally.

The bare Statement of such a Condition is sufficient to shew that it never can be admitted by His Majesty, who is bound by the Spirit of His Engagements to assist Mis Ally immediately on the Renewal of Hostilities; and to whom no other Inducement has or could be offered for acceding to a Naval Armistice, except that of preventing; the Renewal of Hostilities on the Continent.

The last Clause in the EnglijArticle mull therefore be absolutely infilled on, and no Variation can be ad- mitted in the other Parts of it which shall be inconsistent with the Object of that Stipulation.

The Term of Fourteen Days is in fact longer than that which is provided in either of the Two Conventions of Armistice in Italy and Germans, and appears fully sufficient for all the Purposes which such a Provision is fairly intended to answer; and as His Majesty enters into any Stipulation for Naval Armistice in the foie Hope of a speedy Conclusion of the intended Negotiations, He does not think proper to bind Himself for so long a Period as a Month, should He have the Mortification of finding that His Enemies refuse to adopt those Principles of Negotiation on which alone He judges that permanent Tranquility can be restored to Europe.

The French Government has in all its Communications expressed the same Hope and Delire for the speedy Conclusion of Peace, and has even professed an Anxiety to render this Object more peculiarly interesting to His Majesty. There can therefore be no Reason to wfilh on either Side that the'Perm of Notice should be prolonged so much beyond the Necessity of the Cafe.

The Third Article of the Counter Projet was drawn with a Reference to the corresponding Articles in the Preliminaries of Peace in 1763 and 1783, from which it differs only by the more explicit Statement of that which is understood to have been the established Pra<ftice of the Courts of Admiralty on both Sides, with respect to such Ships of War as should have made any Prizes after having actually received Notice of the Cessation of Hostilities.

The Addition to this Article proposed in the French Projet is objectionable;

First, Because thereTeems to be no Necessity forex-plaining the general Effect of a Stipulation which has in the Practice of the Two last Negotiations for Peace been found sufficiently distinct, and has fully answered the Purpose intended by it.

Secondly, Because the Explanation there given is not a just Conclusion from the Premises. It is indeed true, that by the Effect of this Article Ships, clearing out directly from Great Britain or France might immediately after the Exchange of the Ratifications fail in full.Security, because they might carry out with them Notice of the Armistice; but the same Thing would not be true of Ships in other Parts of the World, as these (under the express Terms of this Article) could not be entitled to Restitution if captured, unless Proof were given that actual Notice of the Armistice had been received by their Captors, or unless the Period assigned by this Article for the Part of the World where the Capture took - place, had expired before the actual Capture.

Thirdly, the Expression of navigating fjeely as before the War, might be construed to extend to the Admission of the Ships of one Country into the Ports of the other respectively; to which, for obvious Reasons, the King would not think proper to agree. And these Words are

Vo L. 55.

besides inconsistent both with the Stipulations on which His Majesty thinks it necessary to infill; respecting the Transport of Troops and of Naval and Military Stores, and even with those which France proposes as to the blockaded Places.

The Fourth Article of the French Projet still maintains the Contradiction of professing to afiimilate the blockaded Places to those of Germany, and of applying to them at the same Time, Conditions which are the very Reverse of those - adopted in the German Armistice.

The Manner in which that Armistice is spoken of in this Article, affords another Instance of Expressions unne-ceffarily and improperly offensive to the King's Allies.

There seems no Reason for altering this Paragraph of the Counter Projet, which is perfectly distinct, and conveys no Implication injurious to either Party.

The King cannot agree that 10,000 Rations per Diem shall be assumed as the Consumption of Malta. If the Fact be so, it will appear to the Commissaries who will be named for that Purpose, in Conformity to those Stipulations of the German Armistice to which France professes the Intention of aflimilating this Article.

But a still more material Objection arises to the Proposal respecting Egypt.

If the Situation of the French Army in that Country were to become Matter of Discussion between the Two Governments, His Majesty and His Allies have a Right, on every Principle of good Faith, as practised between civilized Nations, to require that the French should evacuate Egypt, on the Terms stipulated in the Convention o I El Ari/h-, those Stipulationshaving been ratified both by the Turkish Government and by the French Commanding Officer; and His Majesty having also in-strudled His Admiral commanding in those Seas to accede to them as soon as they were known here. This Demand would be made with the more Reason, because even subsequent to the Re-commencement of Hostilities in Egypt (under Circumstances to which His Majesty forbears to advert) an Official Engagement was entered into by General Kleber in his Letter to the Kaimakan, dated the 10th April 1800, by which that General, then commanding in Chief the French Army in Egypt, and consequently possessing full Powers to bind his Government in this llefpedt, formally undertook that the Convention of El Arish should be executed so soon as the King's Acquiescence in it should be notified to Him.

But when, instead of performing this Engagement, the French Government, under a Pretence of aflimilating Egypt to the blockaded Places of Germany, requires that Six Frigates shall carry thither, without Molestation or Search, and even under the open Protection of a British Officer, whatever Articles the French Garrisons there may be most in need of, it is natural to alk by what Article in the German Armistice Ulm or Ingoljladt are to receive in covered Waggons as many Troops, as much Provisions, and as great a Quantity of every Species of Arms, Ammunition, and Stores, as might be conveyed to Egypt in Six French Frigates ? And this Comparison is still more striking, when it is considered that by the German Armistice the blockaded Places are expressly restrained from receiving, during the Armistice, any Thing which can supply additional Means of Defence: And on the other Hand, that the Proposals for the Evacuation of Egypt originated on the Part of the French themselves, who now desire to avail themselves of the Benefit of an Armistice to strengthen that very Position which by an Agreement made in consequence of their own Request, they have actually engaged to abandon.

This Part of the French Article is therefore wholly inadmissible. It contains a Pretension unjust in itself, injurious to His Majesty's Interest, and repugnant both to the general Principle of the Negotiation, and to that which is specified in the very Beginning of the Article itself: And it implies a Breach of Faith on His Majesty S'

9 Z Pass

Papers relating to Negotiations with France, — continued.

8 20 130 Novem1800.

Paper relating so Ne gotiation with France, — comtirved.

Part towards an Ally to whom He is bound by a solemn Treaty.

Besides all these Considerations, His Majesty has no Power to re ft rain, by such an Engagement as is here propos'd, the Ships of The Ottoman Porte from refilling the Admission of this Supply into Egypt, unlel's His Ally had acceded to the Armistice, which if it be concluded on such Terms as these, there can be no Reason toexpedl.

The Manner in which this particular Subject of Egypt is spoken of, both in the Projet and in M. Otto's Note of the 16th Instant, makes it necessary that you should distinctly declare that the Offer which was contained in the Counter Projet goes in this Respefl to the very utmost Extent that His Majesty's Regard for the Interests of His Subjects can admit of And His Majesty is confident that no Want of Conciliation can justly be imputed to Him, on Account of His having at once brought forward explicitly and without Rel'erve the Whole of those Concessions which it appeared possible for Him to make.

This Observation applies equally to the remaining Articles of the Projet.

In the Fifth Article His Majesty finds Himself obliged to infill that the Freedom of Navigation there stipulated for on the Part of His Enemies, shall not be extended to the Transport of Troops or of Naval and Military Stores. The Justice of this Exception and its Nccellity are too obvious to require any further Explanations in Addition to those contained in the Official Notes; and it follows as a Consequence of this Principle, as well as from the Nature of the Subject itself, that the Restriction as to the failing of Ships of War would be wholly illusory, were it, as now proposed, confined to Ships of the Line only.

It would indeed, neither be indifferent in Practice nor just in Principle, that France should be enabled during the Armistice to change the Stations of all her Frigates; but when it is considered how much it is the Usage of the French Marine to employ those Vessels for the Transport of Troops and Military Stores, the Two Parts of this Article become so blended with each other that they cannot be separated; and His Majesty cannot depart from the latter without equally abandoning the former.

The Naval Supply of the Articles which are here in question, is indeed Hated in one of M. Otto's Notes to be a Point of small Moment to France. If it be so, she can with less Reason insist on a Point which can in this same only be infilled on with a View to affect those general Principles which are connected with all the most important Maritime Interests of Great Britain.

The Sixth Article contains a new Demand on the Part of France, superadded to all the Pretensions advanced in her First Projet. It rests on no just or equitable Principle; for while France would reilrain His Majesty from strengthening by the Addition of more Troops the Forces of His Allies in , fire reserves the Power of augmenting her own Armies there, or of assisting her Allies ell'ewhere, precisely as it may suit her future Plans of Operations.

The French Government now possesses, no

Means to prevent the Transport of His Majesty's Troops by Sea; and it is not reasonable that it should acquire the Right of doing so by the Terms of an Armistice which conveys to His Majesty no fresh Means of impeding the future Operations of His Enemies beyond those which are already in His Power, but which even concedes to them considerable Advantages of which they are not now in Possession.

It remains only to speak of the Alterations made in that Article which regards the Allies on both Sides.

His Majesty's Objections to the Form proposed on the Part of France for this Article were detailed in my Answer to the First Projet.

If France considers the Allies in the Light of inde-

pendent Powers, and is in the future Negotiations to treat on that Footing respecting her own Interests and theirs, it is necessary that this Principle should equally be adhered to in the Preliminary Arrangements which precede the Negotiation. It has not appeared to His Majesty by the Communication of any regular oi Official Act, that the French Government has any Authority to treat in this Respect for Spain or Holland. His Majesty, on His Side, has received no such Authority from His Allies; and it would be inconfiilent with good Faith were He, without such Authority, to engage in their Name for an Armistice with France in any other Form than that which is usual in such Cases; namely, that they shall be at Liberty to accede to the Convention if they think fit. In that Form His Majesty is ready to admit the Article as with Respect to the Allies of France, and in that Form only can He agree to

include His own Allies in this Engagement.

If the Article were concluded in the Terms now proposed by France, His Majesty would be bound by the Obligations of good Faith to observe the Armistice towards Spain and Holland, while on the other Hand he could have no reciprocal Claim on those Powers, grounded either in Justice or in the Law or Pra<slice of Nations. Nor could he require the Restitution even of a Angle Merchant Vessel captured by a Spanish Or Dutch Ship of War.

Those Powers, if regarded by France as Independent, cannot be bound by her Act; and must be admitted as Contracting Parties acceding by a regular Diplomatic TransaClion to the Terms of the Armistice, before they can be considered as under any Obligation to fulfil those Terms.

These Considerations are indeed so obvious, that it is not easy to imagine in what View the French Government has proposed to alter the Article from the Form in which His Majesty had offered to consent to it.

I have now only to add, that should the Armistice be concluded, His Majesty would think it necessary, for the Purpose of accelerating the Negotiation (an Object of which the French Government has declared itself to be also very desirous) to limit a Period for its Continuance beyond which it would not be His Majesty's Intention, nor would it be confident with the essential Interests of His Dominions to extend it.

The Power of doing this will be reserved to either Party by the Terms of the Convention. Nor does this Power result only from the Articles as here proposed: It is equally reserved to both Parties by the Effect of the present French Projet; and there is, therefore, no Ne-ceflity for specifying in the Convention itself either His Majesty's Intention in this Resp^A, or, still less, the precise Period of such Limitation.

But it may appear on I lis Majesty's Part more consistent with that Openness which His Majesty is desirous to observe in this whole Transiuftion, that you should express this Intention to M. Otto in this Stage of the Business, reserving to a subsequent Period the formal Notification to be duly made in His Majesty's Name, agreeably to the Terms of the Convention.

You are at Liberty to communicate to M. Otto in the Course of your Discussions the Whole or any Part of this Letter, and to allow him to take either a Copy or such Extracts from it as he may with.

(Signed) Grenville.

Mr. Hammond.

N‘37.

Copy of a Note from Lord Grenville to M. Otto; dated Downing Street, 25, 1800.

Lord Grenville presents his Compliments to M. Otto, and has the Honour to fend him herewith the

Official

41 Geo. III.

Official Answer to his Communication of the 23d Instant.

He requests M. Otto to accept the AssuranceS'-ef his high Consideration.

Downing Street, Sept. 25, 1800.

N 3$.

Copy of a Note from Lord to M. Otto;

% dated Downing Street, September 25, 1800.

It is by no Means the With of the Govern1 tnent to prolong a written Controversy on the Circum-llances-to which the First Part of M. Otto's Note of the 23d Instant principally relates: It is however necessary, in order to vindicate the Accuracy of the former Statement which the Undersigned was directed to make, that the Dates of those Fadts should, in Reply to M. Otto's Note, be more particularly detailed; but this will be done without adding any freth Comment upon them.

The First Proposal made to His Majesty, on the Part of France, for a Naval Armistice grounded on that of

the Continent, was dated on the 24th of

the Notices for terminating the Continental Armistice were given by the French Generals on the 27th and 29th of August; the Otders for that Purpose must therefore

have been actually sent from Paris before the 24th.

His Majesty's Answer was transmitted by the Undersigned to M. Otto on the 29th, the very Day on which the last of the Notices was given in Germany. That Answer referred to the Austria Armistice as (till existing; and it was not till the 4th of September that the First Intimation was received here of the Measures taken in Germany for giving Notice of its Termination.

With respect to the Letter of M. ‘Talleyrand, to the Baron de Thuguf, to which M. Otto refers, it was also dated the 24th August. The French Government, so far from being at that Time entitled to consider His Majesty's Intentions as hostile to the Re-establishment of a solid System of Pacification, was then actually in Possession of the Notification given in His Majesty's Name, through His Ally, of His Readiness to concur in immediate Negotiations for that very Purpose.

It will be with real Pleasure that His Majesty will fee the Conclusions which appeared to Him to result from these Fadts disproved by the Event. The best Evidence which the French Government can now give of the Sincerity of its Dispositions for Peace, will be found in the Facilities it may afford for expediting both the Commencement and the successful Termination of that Negotiation into which the King and His Ally the Emperor of Germany have already expressed their Willingness to enter, and which can alone, by a general and comprehensive Arrangement of the Interests of all the Parties concerned in this extensive War, afford to Europe the Hope of solid and permanent Tranquility.

With respect to the supposed Cafe, in which it is stated, that France would not agree to treat with but for a separate Peace, the Fortune of War can alone decide on the Means of realizing such a Pretension, but whenever it shall be infilled on by France, after the Experience of what has already passed, it will afford to all other Powers, not a Presumption only, but the painful and decided Conviction, that the French Government has no real Desire to put a final and conclusive Period to the Calamities of Europe. No Man who considers the past Events of this Contest with Attention, or who is capable of judging with Accuracy of the present Situation of Affairs, can believe, that if tire present War is to be terminated only by a Succession of separate Treaties between the different Powers now engaged in it, any per mansnt or solid Basis of General Tranquility could be established.

As His Majesty has, in Compliance with M. Otto's Vo l. 55.

821

Wilhes, authorized a proper Person to confer with him P3! 1 rriat respecting the different Proposals for a Naval Armistice, tktiS«w5h it is unnecessary to add any Thing here on that Subject. France, — This Step affords a new Proof of His Majesty's Dispo- , cu, mueti- fitions to lend Himself to every reasonable Facility which r

can contribute to a General Pacification, and ever)' Part of His Majesty's Conduct will be found conformable to those Dispositions.

Downing Street, Sept. 25, 1800.

N 39-

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Hammond to Lord Grenvillt; dated Downing Street, September 25,

1800.

My Lord, Downing Street, Sept. 25, 1800.

I have the Honour to inform your Lordship that, in obedience to His Majesty's Commands signified to me in your Lordship's Eetter of Yesterday, I have this Morning had a Conference with M. Otto on the Subject of the proposed Armistice between Great Britain and France.

Having suggested to M. Otto whether it might not tend to facilitate the Difcufllon, that we should read over the Counter Projet transmitted by your Lordship to him on the 7th of this Month, and the Projet delivered by him on the 21st in Answer to it; and that I should state to him, from the Instructions which I had received from your Lordship, the Objections on the Part of His Majesty's Government to the several Articles of that Projet; and M, Otto having acquiesced in this Suggestion, we pursued regularly this Course of proceeding,

As it does not appear necessary that I should enter into any Detail of the Conversation which took place between us on those Parts of the Projet which M. Otto conceived that the French Government would relinquish, it will be sufficient for me to observe on this Part of the Subject,

ill, That M. Otto conceived that the French Government would, in forming a regular Convention for an Armistice, have no Objection to adopting the Preamble in the Counter Projet instead of that which was pro-poled in the French Projet.

2tlly, That concurring in the Opinion that the Phrase in the 4th Article, " Appellee drt Benefice de

" rArmiftice. Continental," might be (for the fame

Realons which applied to particular railages of the Preamble) liable to a Construction offensive to His Majesty's Allies, he doubted not that the French Government would conient to omit that Phrase in the 4th Article.

3dly, That lie doubted not that the French Government would have no Difficulty in agreeing to omit the concluding Claul'e of the 3d Article, from the Words " d'011 il resulte,"to the End.

With respect to the Clause in the id Article of the Counter Projet, by which the Duration of the Naval Armistice is made to depend on the Continuance of lh« Continental Armistice, M. Otto conceived that, by allowing the Officers commanding the Forces to

re-commence Hostilities as soon as the Cellation of the Continental Armistice should be signified to them, too great a Latitude was left to their Discretion; and that it therefore seemed most adviseable that, in that Event, the Cessation of the Naval Armistice should be signified from Government to Government, as would be the same whenever, for any Reason, either Great Britain or France might think it for their Interest that the Naval Armistice should ccafe. But upon my Reprel'entation of the Advantages which France, on the one Hand, would derive from her local Postion and the Facility of collecting its Forces on any Point which it might determine to attack, and the Delay, on the ctherr which would

13° Novembris.

822

' 130 Novembris. A. 1800.

F iners rt Ut iiu; to Net;o-ti^ii ms with

i- JulKC, —

(onti/iui J,

would necessarily occur in the Receipt of the Intelligence in England of the Rupture of the Armistice in any cistant Part of the Territory of her Allies, M. agreed to refer this Subject to future Consideration.

We then proceeded to the 4th and 5th Articles; on which M. Oito remarked, that they contained the only

Points to which his Government attached much Importance; and, such were its Sentiments respecting them, that he conceived that it would not consent to any Armistice of which they did not form a Part. With respect to the Calculation of the Provisions for Malta at the Rate of 10,000 Ratiors Diem, M. Otto did not specify any Data on which that Calculation was founded, but remarked briefly, that the Quantity of Rations was not to be exactly apportioned to the precise Return of the Garrison, but that a certain Number of Rations, in proportion to their respective Ranks, was to be allowed . to the General and Staff Officers; and that although a considerable Number of the Inhabitants had been lent from the Forts occupied by the French Troops, there stili remained many for whole Wants, Provision was to be made. He was however of Opinion, that there might not be much Difficulty in arranging this Point in the Manner proposed in the Counter Projet, founded on the Stipulations in the German Armistice relative to

U/mand Ingc/fadt.

On the Subject of that Part of the Fourth Article of the French Projet, which requires that Six Frigates should be allowed to fail from Toulon for Egypt, and be exempted from Search, M. Otto read to me Part of a Dispatch from M. Talleyrand, expressive of the Interest which the whole French Nation takes in that Part of the Army now in Egypt, and assigning the Desire of contributing to the Comfort and Security of that Army as the principal Inducement to the Conclusion of the Armistice on the Part of the French Government. M. Otto added, that he would not conceal from me that the Re-inforcement which France intended to send to Egypt amounted to 1,200 Men, and that the Supply of Military Stores consisted chiefly of 10,000 Muskets. The Language of M. Otto in this Part of our Conversation, and of M. TalleyrandF.s Letter, appeared to me to be so

decisive and peremptory, that I was induced to inquire of him distinctly, whether I was to understand that this Stipulation was a Point from which the French Government would not recede ? M. Otto replied, that, in his Opinion, the French Government would not recede from it.

On my adverting to the Variation in the 5th Article between the Counter Projet and the French Projet, by which the latter stipulatcs, that the French Frigates and smaller Ships of War should be allowed freely to fail from and return to the Ports of France which have hitherto been in a State of Blockade, M. Otto remarked, that the Motive which induced the French Government to infill on this Clause was the Desire of opening a secure Mode of Communication between France and her distant Possessions. To this Insinuation I replied, that if such was the foie Object which France had in View, it might be as effectually attained by the Employment of unarmed Vessels as of Ships of War. M. Otto did not appear desirous of urging this Point much farther, but concluded this Part of the Conversation by expressing his Conviction, that the French Government would infill upon this Point, and considered itself as having gone to the utmost extent of Sacrifice which could with Justice be required from it, in consenting that the Ships of the Line should not alter their Postion. With respect to that Part of the Counter Projet which restrains the Conveyance by Sea of Naval or Military Stores, M. Otto is of Opinion that the French Government would agree to that RestriClion.

The 6th Article in the French Projet, although entirely new', was not considered by M. Otto as likely to be infilled upon by his Government; but he declined giving any positive Opinion to that Effect, until he 2

had had farther Time for the Consideration of ii?s Tendency.

M. Otto's principal Objection to the Form in which the Article marked 6. in the Counter Projet is worded, was founded on an Opinion, that unit's Great Britain and France affurned the Right of including their respective Allies in the Naval Armistice, without waiting for their express Concurrence in it, much Delay would necessarily arise, and the Two Powers (Great Britain and France) might be involved in irefh I foil ilities in consequence of either of them deeming it expedient to attack the Allies of the other. He afterwards intimated a Perluafion, that the Article might be amended by inserting a Clause which should fix a specific Period in which the Allies of Great Britain, ox France should signify their Accession to or Diflent from the Naval Armistice

Towards the Close of our Conversation, M. Otto acquainted me that he would Hate to me in Writing the Objections to the Counter Projet which he had received from your Lordship, and his Observations on the Objections that had been made by me to the Projet which he had delivered.

I have now endeavoured to give your Lordship a faithful Account of the Substance of my Conference with M. Otto. The very ample Instructions with which I was provided, and which (as I have mentioned in the Beginning of this Letter) I read to M. precluded me from adding many Observations; and as I havepro-mifed to communicate to that Gentleman Extracts of such Part of my Instructions as relate to the 4th and' ' 5th Articles, the Two elsential Subjects of Difference between us, he will have the Means of re-tracing in his Recollection the precise Grounds of the Objections to his Proposal which have occured to His Majesty's Government.

Before I conclude this Letter, I cannot avoid mentioning, that in the Course of our Conversation, M. Otto threw out the moll pointed Assertions of the Determination of France, in the Event of the Naval Armistice not being concluded, to purlue the Course of her ViClories in Germany, and in Italy, and of the Facilities that the Conquell of Naples and Sicily (Events which he regarded as speedy and inevitable) would afford to the French Government of obtaining by Force those Objects relative to Egypt and Malta, which it had expected to acquire through the Naval Armistice. Of thele Assertions, though frequently repeated, I judged it proper to take no Notice, but to re-call his Attention to the Subject immediately under Discussion.

I have the Honour to be, &c.

Geo. Hammond.

The Right hon. Lord Grenville.

N8 40.

Translation of a Letter from M. Otto to Mr. Hammond-, dated Hereford Street, 4 9th

Year, September 26, 1800.

Hereford Street, 4 V Year 9.

Sir, (Sept. 26, 1800.)

I lose no Time in fending you the Substanee of the Observations which I had the Honour of making to you upon the principal contested Points; I moll sincerely wish that your Ministry may think them satisfactory. I beg of you, at the same Time, to have the Goodness to address to me, as was agreed upon between us, a Copy of the Reasonings to which these Observations are in Answer. I have the Honour, &c.

(Signed) Otto.

Mr. Hammond.

4-i Geo. lit; i3 *

n 4x:

Translation of a Note from M. — in M. Otto's

Letter of September z6.

( Citizen Otto having observed', trt the Remarks made to him by Mr. Hammond, three Ppiqts only which ap-pcdf to him to be really of a Nature to retard the Con-elusion of the proposed Armistice," reserved them for future Consideration, and an Answer in Writing.

After having maturely reflected upon the Object of the Maritime Truce, upon the actual Postion of France and of her, Enemies, upon the Influence which this Negotiation must have with regard to a General Pacification, he feql$ it his Duty to make, the following Observations upon t,he disputed Points:

.. I. The Fourth Article.in granting 10,000 Rations Diem to the Garrison of Malta, has not only in view the effective Troops of the Republic} but all the Persons attached to the Garrison, and even the Inhabitants of the Place. The Citizen Otto does not think that it is possible to diminish that Quantity; nevertheless, in order to remove, as much as possible, the Objection which has been stated to him, and to accommodate himself as much as possible to the Manner in which the oubjedt is viewed by the EnglGovernment, he oon-fents to limit that Estimate to the first Month, a Period fiecefi'ary to afford to the respective Commissarics, the Means of agreeing upon the Amount which may be necessary for the Support of the Garrison of the Place.

The Second Point contained in the 4th Article; respecting the Liberty of dispatching Six Frigates to Egypt, appears to have given still more Uneasiness than the preceding one, and has given rife to a more animated t)ifcuffion. Upon this subject Citizen Otto cannot avoid Sgain remarking, that, if the French Government proposed to assimilate the Places in Egypt to those of Ulm and Ingoljladt, it could only do so, and has in Truth only done so, from the Analogy that there is between these Places with respect to the Blockade; for, in every other Respect, the Corriparifon is inexadt; ih fact, nobody is ignorant that the Places of Egypt are not, like Ulm and Ligol/ladt, in want of being viblualled, since they cannot be prevented from drawing from the surrounding Countries all the Subsistence they require; that besides,' those Places are not blockaded in such a Manner as to make it probable that they should fall into the Hands of the Enemies. By that Comparison therefore it could only be meant that there should be granted to the Places blockaded by the Forces of the Enemies} Advantages analogous to those which have been granted to the Places in Germany, which Advantages can only be ^feertained by the special Stipulations of the Convention which it is proposed to Conclude. The free Passage of Six Frigates cannot add any confidefable Strength to the Army of Egypt; it will only serve to proye to that Army that the French Government takes an Interest in its Fate, until it shall be definitively settled by a Treaty of Peace. In reviewing the Circumstances which have followed the Capitulation signed by Sir Sydney Smith, Citizen Otto cannot perceive the Impropriety of such an Arrangement, relatively to the Porte, and he fees with Regret that the Observations biade to him by Mri Hammond, do not offer any adequate Motive for relinquishing that Demand; the Acquiescence in which can alone establish any Kirid of Analogy between the Places of Egypt and those of Ulm knd Ingoljladt. }

2. The Fifth Article of the new Projet differs in ieve-fal Respects from that of the Counter Projet of the British Ministry; but it differs much more still from the first Projet which Citizen Otto had the Honour of brefenting, inasmuch as it admits that no Ship of the Line now at Anchor in the Ports of Brejl and Toulon', Yot. SS>

823

shall go out thereof during the Continuance of the Armilirce. The French Government ts of Opinion that this Cohcession, and more especially in the present Season, goes as far as it can go} and fhat by admitting that no armed Vessel should go out of the said Ports, tRey would leave those Ports really in the same State in which they ate at present; indeed in a State even less favourable, since the Time is perhaps not far qIT when the British Forces will not prevent those Vessels from going out. All that Citizen Otto can concede, with regard to this Article, is} that no Naval Stores shall be imported by Sea into the Ports of Toulon and Brejl bot he most rhfift upon the free Egrdfs of Frigates and Sloops. If this Concession gives to France the Advantage of an effectual Communication with her Colonies, it is an Equivalent to that derived from this Armistice to the Commerce of England; which, under the Protection of this Convention, can extend itself to all Parts of the World, without being molested by French Privateers.

That, besides, if a Reference were made to the Comparison between the Continental Armistice and the Maritime Truce, that Comparison would be found to be entirely to the Disadvantage of France. Upon the Continent, the French and Austrian Armies reciprocally enjoy the same Liberty of taking, within the Line of Demarcation, those Positions which appear moil advantageous to them: By the Maritime Armistice, on the contrary, England preserves alone the Right of disposing of her Squadrons, whilst the French Ships of the Line remain in their Ports, and cannot enter into any hostile Combination against Great Britain

3. The Sixth Article of the new Projpt, respecting the English Troops which may be allowed to land in Italy, has been considered as a new Pretehfion on the Part of France, since file had made no Mention of it in her first Projet; but this Pretehfion (if it cati be called so) is only the natural Consequence of a Concession alike new, made by France, in offering to include in the Armistice the Allies of Great Britain. It would indeed be impossible to allow the King of Naples to enjoy Advantages from this Truce, and to leave him also the Power of re-inforcing and of preparing fresh Means of Attack against the Republic.

Citizen Otto confines Iumself to these Observations; which hp. deems of most Importance. Other Objections which have been made, and which in great Measure relate to the Form of drawing up the proposed Convention, might be easily obviated.

N° 42:

Copy of a Note from Mr. Hammond to M. Otto; dated Downing Street, September 26, 1800.

Downing Street, Sept. 26, 1800.

Mr. Hammond ij directed to acquaint M. Otto, that the Observations contained in his Note this Day, received by Mr. Hammond, have been laid before His Majesty's Government.

The King's Servants regret that M. Otto's Instructions are not sufficiently extensive to enable him to fiir-nish the Means of Accommodation on those Points which prevent the Conclusion of a Naval Armistice.

The only Object which His Majesty has had in View in this Discussion, has been repeatedly stated, as well as those Considerations which appear to Him necessarily to limit the Extent of the Concessions which it is possible for Him to make in this Respect.

It is not conceived that any Advantage can arisefirom a new Statement of the same Topics, especially as it is not doubtedthat M. Otto, in his Report of the different Arguments stated by Mr. Hammond in their Conference, will bring them in the fullest Manner under the Consideration of his Government. In offering these Con-

10 A cessions.

Novembris

8^1 Novembrii. A. 1800.

pjpm reiat- cc^"lons> His Majesty has given a strong Proof of His ing to NcgtHi Willingness to make a considerable Sacrifice of the par-l-rance — <h t cular Interests of this Country, in order to facilitate

continued, those Negotiations for General Peace in which He has i. ii -J expressed His llcadiness to concur. He still perseveres in the same Dispositions, and will be willing to join in any proper Steps to be taken for that Purpose.

M. Otto.

Tn.nil3.tion of a Letter from M. Otb to Mr.' Hammond } dated Hereford ,6 9th

Year, September 28, 1800.

Hereford Street, 6 Sir, 28 i 1800.]

I have received the Note, which you did me ihe Honour to address to me on the 26th, and I loft no Time1 in forwarding the Cont&nts to my Government; and also the Observations contained in the Piece which I have now the Honour to return inclosed.

His Majesty's Ministry has done Justice to my Intentions, in being persuaded that I would send to France a detailed and exact Account of the Conversation which I had the Honour of having with you. I have done every Thing iif my Power to make the First Consul acquainted with the whole Extent of the Observations which you were directed to communicate to me.

Whatever riiay be the Refultof this Attempt of the two Governments to re-establish the General Tranquility of Europe, I ought to congratulate myself for having been, to the Ministry of His Majesty, the Organ of the pacific Dispositions of France; and for having been charged to transmit to my Government the Assurance of the equally conciliatory Dispositions of His Majesty. I have the Honour to be with the highest Consideration,

(Signed/ Otto.

To Mr. Hammond, Under Secretary of State *

N° 44.

Translation of a Letter from M. Otto to Mr. Hammond-, dated Hereford Street, 14 Vendemiaire, 9th Year,' October 6, 1800.

Hereford Street, 14 Vendemiaire, Year 9.

Sir, 6, 1800.)

Mr. George not being yet returned, I have the Honour to address myself directly to you, to request that you will meet me in Park Place, or in any other Place which you. shall think proper tQ appoint. I have the Honour to be, &c.

(Signed) Otto.

Mr. Hammond.

N 45.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Hammond to M. Otto; dated Dozening Street, 8, 1 Soo.

Sir, Downing Street, 8,-1800.

In endeavouring to make, for the Information of His Majesty's Ministers, as accurate a Representation as I could of the Purport of the Communication which you Yesterday made to me verbally, I have^ felt so much Anxiety left, in an Affair of such- Importance,-there should be any Mif-statenient of my Part of what you said, that I cannot help expressing to you my earnest Desire that you would fend me a written Minute of ♦

the Substance of this Answer, in tile same Mannet as has been done in all the other Stages of this Discussion.

I have the Honour to be,

M. Ottoi (Signed) Geo. Hammond.

N 46.

Translation of a Letter from M. Otto to Mr.

mond-, fated.Hereford Street, 16 Vendemiaire, 9th Year, October 8, 1800.

Hereford Street, 16 Year 9.

Sir, 8, 1800.) '

I have received the Letter which you did me the Honour to address to me this Morning, requesting that I would acquaint you in Writing with the Substance of the Communication which 1 have been directed to make to you; the Importance of the Object to which it relates rendering you apprehensive left you should not completely have seized the Meaning of the Communication;

I hasten therefore to transmit the Substance of it to you.

The last Notes which were exchanged, and several important Events, which have completely changed the Balls upon which the proposed Armistice was to have been established, having put an End to the Negotiation on foot, I had the Honour to inform you, that notwith-ftinding the Circumstances which are opposed to the Conclusion of & Maritime Truce, the First Consul is invariably disposed to receive any Overtures relative to a separate Negotiation between France and Great Britain, and that the Mode of such Overture entirely depends upon the Option of His Majesty: That when the King shall think proper to fend, for that Purpose, a Plenipotentiary to Paris, I am authorized not only to consent to it, but to deliver to him the necessary Passport. That if,'on the contrary, His Majesty should prefer that the preliminary Negotiations should be begun at London, special Powers will be sent to me for that Purpose. I have the Honour, &c.

(Signed) Otto.

Mr. Hammond. 1

N- 47.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Hammond to M; dated Downing Street, October 9, 1800.

Sir, Downin 9, 1800.

I have the Honour to acknowledge the Receipt of your Letter of Yesterday's Date; and I am directed in return to acquaint you.

That His Majesty's Government entirely agrees in the Opinion there expressed, that all further Discussion of the Terms of a Naval Armistice would be superflu-ous, as the only Object which it was proposed to His Majesty to secure by such' an Arrangement has in the mean Time been made the Ground of separate Sacrifices required from His Ally.

With respect to the Proposal of opening Negotiations for a separate Peace, His Majesty, retaining always the sincere Desire which He has uniformly expressed so the Restoration of General Tranquility in Europe, must at the same Time renew his former Declarations of an invariable Determination to execute with Punctuality and good Faith His Engagements with His Allies; and must therefore steadily decline to enter into any M afures tending to separate His Interests from those of the Powers who shall continue to make Common Cause with Him in the Prosecution of the War. I am, &c.

t

(Signed) Hammond.

M. Otto.

41 Geo. III.

Appendix, A.

Translation of an Extract of a LetteV from the Baron dc Thugv.t to M. Talleyrand; dated Vienna, August 11, 1800.

The Emperor has ordered me, Sir, to convey to the r irft Consul, through your Channel, the Invitation for the immediate Meeting of the respective Plenipotentiaries, who with good Faith and Zeal are occupied in concerting, with as little Delay as possible, the Means of re-establishing General Tranquility, after which suffering Europe, has long sighed in vain. His Majesty flatters himself, that through that Measure his pacific Wilhes will be speedily accomplished with the more Certainty because the King of Great Britain, his Ally, has just caUfed it to be declared to him that He is ready, on His Part, to concur in the same Negotiations, as it appears jby the enclosed Copy of the Official Note delivered here by Lord Minto, His Britannic Majesty's Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary. It only remains therefore to agree upon the Place at which the Plenipotentiaries shall meet, which will doubtless be easily let-tied. In order to facilitate the Intercourse of the Plenipotentiaries with their respective Governments, his Majesty thinks that it would be adviseable to give the Preference to some Place nearly central, such as Luneville,&c. or some other; with respect to which, in order to save Time, the French Government might come to an Understanding directly with the British Government. According to the Declaration which, by his Majesty-'s express Order,! have now the Honour to trahf-mit to your Excellency, and according to the equally pacific Dispositions which His Britannic Majesty has testified, it will henceforward depend upon the French Government alone to accelerate the happy Moment of the Restoration of Repose to Europe, so cruelly mangled by a deftnidtive War.

(Signed) Baron de Thu gut.

M. Talleyrartd.

vJNovemlris.

825

Appendix, C.

Appendix, B.

Translation of a Note from Lord Minto to the Baron de T/iugut-,dated Vienna, August 9, 1800.

The Undersigned, His Britannic Majesty's Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary, did not fall to transmit to his Court all the Communications which have been made to him by the Emperor's Direction, by his Excellency Baron Thngut, relative to the Correi-pondence which has taken place between His Majesty the Emperor and the French Government, respecting Overtures for Peace. The Undersigned has in consequence been directed to intimate the Satisfaction which His Majesty has received from this Mark of Confidence on the Part of his Imperial and Royal Majesty. The Undersigned docs not delay, after the Authority which he has just received, to declare that His Britannic Majesty, desirous at all Times of giving to the Emperor and to all Europe the cleared Proofs of His perfect and cordial Union with his Imperial and Royal Majesty, and of the Value which He attaches to the constant Preservation of the intimate Concert and Friendship which are so happily established between their Crowns and their Subjects, is disposed to concur with in the Negotiations which may take place for a General Pacification, and to fend His Plenipotentiaries to treat for Peace in Concert with his Imperial and Royal Majesty, as soon as the Intention of the French Government to enter into a Negotiation with His Britan'nic Majesty shall be known to Him.

The Undersigned eagerly seizes this Occasion of renewing to his Excellency the Assurance of his moil distinguished Consideration.

(Signed) Minto.

Vienna, Aug. 9,18ooi VoL .55:

Translation of a Letter from General Kleber to his Paper relat-Excellency the Cairn akarnof The

dated Cairo, 20 Germinal, 8th Year, lOth April, France, — -1800. *

General Kleber, Commander in Chief of the French Army in Egypt, to his Excellency the Caimakam of The Sublime Porte, Illustrious amongst the Great, the Enlightened, and the Wife; May God grant to him a long Life full of Glory and of Happiness!

Health and Friendship.

Your Excellency has, without Doubt, been informed of the Progress and Result of the Negotiations which I had concluded with his Highness the Supreme Vizir Toujfef Pacha; and according to the Assurances to that Effect, which I have received from Persons of Distinction of your Nation, I have reason to think, that the Treaty of El Arijhhas obtained the Approbation of his Majesty the Emperor Selim the Second.

Several Articles of this Treaty had already been executed, and the French Army in particular was faithfully fulfilling its Engagements.

I was upon the Point of evacuating Cairo, when I received from Lord Keith, Commander in Chief of the English Fleet in the Mediterranean, a Letter, which excited the Surprize, and above all, the Indignation of all the French. I herewith annex a Copy of it. This Paper, which evinces the most perfect Ignorance of my Situation, and the Neglect of every Thing due to Allies, rendered illusory not only the Convention of El Arish, but also of every Kind of Treaty which I

might thenceforward conclude with The Sublime.

With regard to the injurious Conditions contained in that Letter, your Excellency will readily perceive, that the French Army in Fgypt can never be reduced to subscribe to them.

I had communicated these Observations to the Grand Vizir, and I proposed to him to postpone the Evacuation of Cairo until this unexpected Difficulty should be removed. I could not demand a more moderate Pledge, of the Execution of our Conventions; his Excellency refused to consent to this Proposal, and chose rather to expose to the Fate of a Battle, the Possession of a Country which was absolutely allured to him. This Battle took place on the 29th of VentoJe\ and Heaven protecting the Justice of my Cause, conferred Victory on me. Nevertheless, the sincere Desire which I have always had to rc-establish the Ties of Friendship and of Interest, which, during so many Centuries, have united the Two Nations, is not altered by that Event. The Sublime Porte mil still find me disposed to deliver up to him the Possession of Egypt upon the Conditions stipulated at El Arish, with the Exception of some Modifications which the existing Circumstances have rendered necessary. Thus all Motive for a fresh Effusion of Blood would be obviated, and a regular Negotiation (the Effect bf which would no longer be prevented by unforefeeti Orders) would restore to the Ottoman Empire those Provinces of which it would be in vain to attempt to deprive us by Force of Arms. If your Excellency shares these Sentiments of Peace and Concord, you will communicate them to his Majesty the Emperor the Second, and without Doubt, you will obtain Orders to resume, without Delay, those Conferences which would conduct us to the Object which we are equally desirous of attaining. I beg your Excellency to believe in the high Consideration I entertain for you.

(L. S.) (Signed) Kleber.

Cairo, the 20th Germinal , Year 8, of the French Republic, (10th of April, 1800,) which answers to the 14th of the Month of the Moon in the

Year of the flEgira 1214.

826

A. 1866.

13-14 Nobzftibris.

Appendix, D.

‘ / ' ' Translation of a Letter from M. Baudot to the First Interpreter of The Sublime Portel, dated Camp of Jaffa, April 15, 1800.

At the Camp of Jaffa, 1 jth April, 1860.

Baudot, First Aid de Camp to General Comman-

der in Chief of the French Army in Egypt.

To the First Interpreter of The Sublime Porte.

Prince,

In all my CohVerfations with you, I have fconti nually repeated to you, that the firm and clearly expressed Intention of General Kleber has always been, icru-pulously to execute the Treaty of El Arish. I add, with Confidence, from my Knowledge of the loyal and open Chdrafter of that General; and the real With which he has to give to the Supreme Vizir the most

Eofitive Proofs of his good Faith, that, whatever may e the Fortune of War, the French Army shall evacuate Egypt immediately after the Arrival of the necefc fary Passports from the English Government, and of the dumber, of Vessels stipulated for the Transport of the Troop . I have the Honour, &c.

(Signed) Baudot.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

p-pers relating to Negro-tiaiion with France, — (QHtlKUld.

Veneris, 140 die Novembris;

Anno 41 Georgii IIP1 Regis, 1800.

Praters.

King's An- ftR Speaker reported to the House, That the drtfal° Ad" aV . House attended His Majesty Yesterday with their rt ' Address; to which His Majesty was pleased to give this

most Gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I thank you for this loyal and affectionate Addrest.

The Diligence and Promptitude with which you propose to take the earliest and most effectual Measures for alleviating the Distresses of My Subjects, by encouraging an ample Importation of Corn, and promoting Economy and Frugality in the Consumption, cannot fail to produce a lalutary Effect; and the Temper and Moderation with which you are prepared to enter on the different Points connected with the important Objects which I have recommended to your Deliberation, will, I trust, be attended with present arid future Benefit to the Country.

I receive with great Satisfaction the Assurances of your Concurrence in My Willies for the speedy Restoration of Peace on Grounds consistent with the Honour and true Inferefts of My People; and at the same Time of your Determination, if that Object should be unattainable, to afford Me that continued arid decided Support which may belt enable Me to maintain unimpaired the Security and Honour of these Kingdoms.

Salop, Derby, A Petition of the Debtors confined in Salop County nl Herelor<l Gaol: And also,

tors eti- Petition of the several Debtors now confined in

His Majesty's Gaol foil the County of Derby: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons being Prisoners confined for Debt in His Majesty's Gaol of Hereford;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Complaining of their Distress; and praying ' Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordefed to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Carlwrightreported from the Committee, to

\frhom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto fubicrlbed, being Trustees for executing Two A efts,. the one passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Towcester through Silverston dnd Brack Icy, in the County of and Ardleyand Middleton Stoney, to Weston Gate, in the

Parish of Wefon on the Green, in the County of Oxford, and the other passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term of the said first mentioned Act, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had beeft cotnplied with; and that the Committee had examined th£ Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to repbrt the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vizi

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act s were read; and, '

Mr. William Haytoh being examined, said. That the Trustees appointed by the said Acts have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have bofrowea a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby, authorized to be taken; which cannot be re-paid nor the said Roads be sufficiently improved and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and some further Tolls granted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Tow through Silverston and Brackley, in the County of Northampton, and Ardley and Middleton Stoney, to West Gate, in the Parish of

H'eft on on the Green, in the County of Oxford: And that Mr. Cartwright, General Egertoh, and Mr. Dickins, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Christoph Wvras presented to the

House, and read; Praying that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Shaw Lffevre and Mr. Annefey do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two several Acts, the one passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from a Flace called The Old Gallozvs, in the Parish of in the County of Berks, through Wokingham, New Bracknowl, and Sunning Hill, to Virginia Water, in the Parish of ham, in the County of Surrey, and the other passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth. That a considerable Progress hath been made in putting the said Acts into Execution, and a large Sum of Money hath been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken; which cannot be re-paid, nor

Towcester Road Petition reported.

Weltjc's Kaf. Petition.

Sunnine

Road rcti- tion.

Selkirk Roadi Petition.

Petition of Inhabitants of Clerkenwell,

respe^Hng th§

high Price of Provision.

41 Geo. III. 14 0 Novembris.827

the said Road be effectually improved and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Copsideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Golding, Mr. Hiley Addington, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing. Owners of Land in the County of Selkirk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Laws oow subsisting in Scotland for the making of Roads, have been found ineffectual in the County of , and

other and further Powers are necessary in order to carry the Purposes of the said Laws into Execution; and Doubts have arisen in some Cafes who are chargeable towards repairing the Highways, and it is attended with Difficulty and Trouble to make effectual, and properly apply, the Statute Work in the said County; and that a reasonable Composition in Money, in (lead of Labour, is in many Places found to be more useful and effectual for the Purpose of making and repairing the Roads, as well as more easy and convenient for the Persons liable in Statute Services, than the actual Performance of the same; and it will be of Advantage to the said County to convert the Services into Money, and ascertain the Rates and Mode of levying the fame: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for levying Conversion Money, in lieu of the Statute La bour, in the County of Selk, and otherwise regulating, making, and repairing, the high Roads in the said County, with such Powers, and under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall seem proper and necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Stuart, Mr. Pringle, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Ministers, Churchwardens, Over-seers of the Poor, and other - Inhabitant Householders of the Parishes of Saint James and Saint John, Clerken-ivcll, in the County of Middlesex, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the great Anxiety which the Petitioners have felt from the Pressure of the Times, and the Scarcity and unprecedented Price of all the Necessaries of Life, the consequent Distress of the Poor, and Diflatisfaction of all'Ranks of Society, has been considerably diminished by His Majesty's paternal Care, in summoning the House to which the Petitioners may address their Grievances, and apply with Confidence for an Alleviation of them; and that the Petitioners, at so eventful a Period, conceive themselves to be particularly called upon by Public Duty, to express their Sentiments on the Subject under Consideration in the Language of Sincerity and Truth; and that therefore the Petitioners humbly presume, in the Exercise-of that Duty, to Hate the Causes which they believe occasion or contribute to the general Calamity; and, first, they beg leave to declare it is their Opinion, that the principal Cause is attributable to the Effect and Operation of the War in which the Country has been so long engaged, because the great Waste and Spoil it has occasioned have considerably increased the Consumption of Provision, and the heavy Burthens which have from Time to Time been imposed upon the Community to support and carry it on, have so reduced the Circumstances of the middling Classes, as to prevent such of them as are engaged in Trade from making Purchases of the Commodities in which they deal in the accustomed Manner, and that consequently their Inability has given an Opportunity to the more wealthy, with whom they can no longer hold a Competition, to ingross' all Sorts of Provision, as well as other Commodities, and (pur-suing their Avarice) to fell what they so ingross at their own Prices to those very Persons who heretofore were their Competitors, as well as to the immediate Retailers: For, by getting in their particular Districts or Situations any specific Commodity within their Power, they can necessarily increase the Price by withholding the Commodity until the Want of it is so much felt that it must be supplied upon their own Terms; nor is this Evil the word, for, by the same Means, the Ingrosser has the Power of imposing upon the Consumer Articles . of the most inferior and unwholesome Quality (which a more general Distribution of the Commodity would prevent) and thereby adding to the Distress which, to a great Number of Persons, had before been almost infup-portable; and that the Petitioners are of Opinion, that the secondary Causes of this Public Grievance, which arise out of, and are occasioned by, the former, are Monopolizing, Ingrofiing, Forestalling, and Regrating, for as the natural Effects of War must so far operate on the Transactions of Life, by diverting or obstructing the usual Channels of Trade and Commerce as to occasion partial Opulence, those in the middle Stations must be reduced in their Circumstances, and be thereby sub-' jedted to such Terms as the Opulent may chuse to dictate, and ultimately to come united to the lower Orders in one Class of common Poverty; and that the same original Cause, the Petitioners conceive, may have greatly contributed to the Consolidation of Farms, and that this has increased the Evil appears to be manifest, for when the Lands were in the Hands of a greater Number of Farmers, who had not the Power of withholding their Produce as the large Farmers now have, the Markets were more regularly supplied, not only with Cattle and Com, but with Poultry, Eggs, and Vegetables, which served to supply a greater Quantity, and thereby to keep down the Prices of those Articles; and that the Petitioners being resident in a manufacturing Neighbourhood, abounding with Artificers, and the middling and labouring Classes of the Community, have an Opportunity of correctly observing the distressing Effect of the Causes they have deplored, and beg leave humbly to represent that, in their Opinion, unless some effectual Remedy be speedily applied, through the Wisdom and Interference of the House, a great Majority of the Persons comprized in those Classes must certainly be reduced to Beggary and Ruin, considering that their Means are at present in no Way adequate to their Support; and that such of the Petitioners, as are not immediately included in this Description of Persons, will, besides the other Burthens they sustain, be soon materially affected, in consequence of the great additional Assessments which must inevitably be imposed on them, for the Support of the already very numerous and alarming Increase of Poor; and that, for the' Preservation of Order, and the Support of the Government and Constitution of their Country, many of the Petitioners have incurred considerable Expence, and made great Sacrifices, by (landing forward as Volunteers in a Military Association, formed in these Parities, and that they will continue to use their Endeavours for preventing all Disorders and Commotions, by which the Distresses so heavily felt would only be increased. But though the Poor in their Neighbourhood have hitherto conducted themselves with the most exemplary Patience, under the Privations and Sufferings they have long endured, the Petitioners most ardently hope that an immediate Alleviation may be administered, to preclude the Effects of

10 B Desperation;

V

82$

14 Novembris. A. 1800.

Wheat, &c. Bounty Bill, p relented.

Motion for

Accounts

Withdrawn.

Reports Expiring Laws.

Desperation; and that, in order to ameliorate the general Distress, many of the Petitioners have also contributed to Two Institutions established in these Parishes for supplying the Poor with Soup and other Necessaries, whereby great Numbers have actually been laved from (tarring — That this occasional Support has been resorted to with the greatest Earnestness, and that upwards of Sixteen Thoufond distrcffed Men, Women, and Children, have been supplied with nutritious Food from those Two Establishments, but the Petitioners cannot in future expect a Continuation of such Charities, because the Benevolence of the Subscribers has had the manifefr Tendency to con fume a greater Quantity of Provision, and thereby increase its Price to the Public in general; and that this Confide rat ion, when added to all the very heavy extra Expences which they sustain, mufl necessarily induce the Opulent, and oblige the middling Classes, to discontinue their Donations, whereby those who have been succoured from this Bounty must be plunged in the greatest Misery, and, as the1 Winter approaches, the Want of Fuel as well as Food mufl render their Condition truly pitiable; and that the Petitioners have, in common with their Countrymen, regretted the Repeal of those fohitary Laws which heretofore held Monopolizers, ForestaUers, Ingrossers, and Regraters, in Awe, and deterred them from attempting their wicked Practices; and most earnestly trull that the House will be enabled, after a due Investigation of the Subject, to enact such wholefotae Regulations as will hereafter effectually counteract them: At the same Time, the Petitioners would most humbly declare their Belief, that nothing could lb effectually re-dore the Blessings of Sufficiency and Comfort, where Misery and Want are now extreme, as a speedy Return of Peace: The Petitioners, therefore, most humbly intreat that the House, feeling the Sufferings of Humanity, and desirous of adminidering Relief, will enact such Laws as shall, by adequate Penalties and Punishments, be sufficient to prevent a Continuance of Monopolizing, Foredalling, IngrofBng, and Regrating, and that it will adopt such other Measures, as in its great Wisdom shall appekr to be proper and expedient, for diminishing the extraordinary Price of all th&Necessa-ries of Life.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Committee appointed to consider of the present high Price of Provisions.

Mr. Ryder presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting Bounties on the Importation of Wheat, Barley, Rye, and Oats, and Wheaten Flour, and Rice, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the Fird Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Produce of the Tax upon Income, for the Year ending 4th April 1801, as for as the some can be made up and edimated; distinguishing the Amount of the Assessments made by the Commercial Commissioners.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Mr. Abbot reported from the Select Committee, appointed to enquire what Public General Laws have expired within Twelve Months preceding the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament; and also, what Laws are about to expire within Twelve Months subsequent to the Commencement of the present Session, or in the Course of the next Session, or at the End thereof; and to report the some, front Time to Time, to the House, with their Opinion which of them

are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual; and to whom the Report which, upon the 12th Day of May, 1796, was made from the Committee who were appointed to inspect and consider all the Temporary Laws of a Public. Nature expired or expiring, was referred; and who were inftracted to enquire and report to the House what Temporary Laws erf a Public or (general Nature which have been made by the Parliaments of England or Great Britain since the Commencement of the Reign of King William the Third, and prior to the present Session of Parliament, are now in forces — distinguishing the Matter of each Statute — its Date — Title — and Period of Continuance; together with their Observations thereon; That the Committee had made a Progress in the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to make several Reports to the House; and he read the Reports in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Cleric's Table: Where the same were read; and arc as followeth; viz.

Your Committee have, pursuant to the Orders of the House, made a Progress in the Matters to them referred, and agreed upon the following Report:

Your Committee conceive, that the Relult of their Enquiries, upon the several Points which they were directed to examine, will be laid before the House in the moil convenient Order, by reporting — First, A Statement of all the Temporary Laws now in Force, which have been enacted from the Commencement of the Reign of King William the Third, to the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament: And Secondly, by selecting the Lift of those Laws which more immediately require Attention; from which latter Description they mail have to report from Time to Time, during the present Session, such as in their Opinion it may be fit to revive, continue, or make perpetual.

In drawing up the General Statement of such Temporary Laws as are now in Force, Your Committee have enumerated them in Chronological Order. They have endeavoured also to specify coiredtly each of the Original Acts, together with their respective subsidiary Acts, by which they have been either amended or continued: And if in so various and minute a Detail any Omission or Errors should be found, they have Reason to hope, that they are neither very numerous nor important; that they may be gradually supplied or corrected as they are discovered; and that at all Events the Statement now reported, will enable Parliament to proceed hereafter with greater Regularity and Precision in exercising this Species of Legislation.

The Matters themselves, which are comprized in this System of Temporary Laws, will upon Inspection appear to be extremely extensive and important. Many of them have been introduced for regulating the Fundtions of Government, and the Admimllration of Public Affairs, in their ordinary Course, and during Times of Tranauility: Many others have been enacted to guard against occasional Evils, and to provide for extraordinary Emergencies and transient Occurrences, during Times when the Public Tranquility has been disturbed.

It will be seen, that the Provision made for the Support of His Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, and those also for the Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts, have been placed hitherto only upon the Footing of Temporary Arrangement: That in the Administration of Justice, no permanent Laws have been yet enacted for authorizing the Punishment of Offenders by Trans *

Biftation Abroad, or Confinement in Penitentiary oufes at Home; nor for preserving the Police of the Metropolis: That the Measures adopted for the Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in the Army and Navy, depend at present upon

an

4i Geo. III.

Norgmbrifi.

an Annual Renewal: That many of the Laws for pro- peared to be beneficial, if they were Objects of perma-testing the Revenues of Customs and Excise, and some nent Policy, ought then to have been made perpetual, of those which establish particular Modes of managing , n.

other Taxes, are also of ^temporary Nature: Andlhat , Ir\faa> however many of them have been still re-Points of the greatest Concern to thepermaaenfr ^ey m>ght have been with

perity of heShipping, Trad , and Navigation of the _®

Empire, to the Management of our Fishenes the Government of our Colonies, and our Commercial Intercourse with Foreign Nations are controlled, by Laws depending for their Exigence upon a continual Attention to the various Periods of their Duration

these, the successive Accumulation of others, which from their Nature- were very properly restricted to a limited Duration, has at length increased the total Number to . fkuth as Amounts ap.-noIt only to Qehde< th& Repetition , of their Renewal burthensome and inconvenient, but in some Cafes to produce considerable Public Mischief The Laws which have been introduced successively to where Laws of great Moment which ought to have been provide for extraordinary Occurrences affecting the kept on foot, have been suffered accidentally to expire.

r^ibhc Peace, are nutnereos~md important; ~among& The Number of the Acts and Cfeufes of A&s"fe«ei-those whichbave been framed to meet, the Exigencies of fied in the Lift fuk >inbd tq this Report, is about Five Wa.r> arc ^iLfoofejfoch concern the Lgvfes and Enrol- Hundred. Of these mere' are' nearly Three Hundred ment of Militia, Volunteers, anff other Force§~the Dip " ^yhich TTave been enacted for t&e Ib^ ruiTOle"of cSriti-tnbution of Prizes, the Prohibitions of traitorous Cor- nu\n~ the others: and about Ono Bundled, and Thirty respondence and Intercourse; and the vanous Instances them have been Raffed merely to give Continuance in which Pubkc Policy has required a temporary Sufi to about Thirteen original Acts, which are still suffered pension and Modification of the Laws of Trade and Na- to remain upon a temporary Footing, although their vigation. The rebdhous and^treasonableJPro^iEgs Policy cannot be doubtfhl, several of them, having been

in Force nearly a Century, and the most recent amongst

which have threatened the Safety of the Realm, have also occasioned Laws to be made for securing and detaining Persons suspected of those Crimes: And the re cent high Price of Provisions has also caused many Laws to be enacted, which are of course limi ted to the Period of Time for which the Continuance of the Evil was apprehended. ....

From an Examination of this Branch of our Statute

them having been renewed Eight fupcessive Times, and tried with Approbation during the fell Forty Years.

An Attention'to the growing Mats of our Laws will suggest the Necessity of reducing every needless Accumulation; a Necessity which becomes almost irresistible, when we fee that the Statutes, enacted in the psefent Reign alone, have already greatly fyrpaffed in Bulk all Law, it will appear to have been very generally the Usage those which have been delivered down to us by our An-of Parliament informer Times, but more especiallydur- ceftors,-from the earliest Ages to which the known Ex-ing the last Hundred Years, in making any new Laws, istence of Parliament can be traced. And Your Com-upon Matters in themselves of a novel Nature, or of mittee hope, that in submitting to the House the fol-doubtful Policy, to limit them to a short Duration: lowing Lift, they may lay some Foundation for abridg-And Your Committee conceive that it was wifely done; ing the Number of unnecessary Laws of this Description, because this Course necessarily brought those Laws un- at the same Time that they bring more completely under der Re-consideration from Time to Time; and such of its View, those also which Public Policy still requires them as after a reasonable Length of Experience ap- us to keep upon a limited.Duration,

Vol. 55.

REGISTER

Lz.

14° Novembris. 1800.

REGISTER OF EXPIRING LAWS.

A

« ACTS non tii Commimcimext or the Reich or William III.

to 8th April 179J.

Matter. Date. Ch. rule rf the AS. Duration.

BANK of ENGLAND. 5 W.M. N. B. This O farther coot faccessive L down to 39,4oGco.j. 20. f. 20. irparatioa Lnoed by oan Act For granting to their Majesties several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recommences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned to such Persons as fbsfivoluntarily advance the Sum of £. 1,500,000, towards the carrying on the War against France. . N.B. See also 7 Ana, c. 7. Tin Redemption of all Bank Annuities created by Parliament.

EAST INDIA COMPANY. 9, 10 W. 3. continued and by 6 Ann. 10 Ann. 7 Geo. 1. 3 Geo. 2. 17 7 Geo. 3. 9 10 - - - 13 19 - - - 20 - - -21 ... 33 44- extended >7 28. 21. >4- 17‘ 57- 24. 47 63 & 64. 61. I6 65. An Act for raising a Sum, not exceeding Two Millions, upon a Fund for Payment of Annuities after the Rate of . Eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, and for settling the Trade to the East Indies. N. A. — See also the Regulations of die E. I. O by the following Statutes: 9 Geo. 3. c. 34 — 24 Geo. 3. c. 25.-26 Geo. 3. c. 16. and c. 57. — 27 Geo. 3. c. 48.-28 Geo. 3. — 39 Geo. 3. e. 65.-33 Geo. 3. c.47. — 34 Geo. 3. c. 41. X. A — See also 33 Geo. 3. c. 117. and 55 Geo. 3. c. 115. 1 March, If Three Years previous Notice given. 1814

ANNUITIES. a, 3 Ann. 3. f. 9. For granting an Aid to her Majesty, for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, by felling Annuities at several Rates, and for such respective Terms or Estates as are therein mentioned. 99 Years from 25 March 1704, i. e. 1803

ANNUITIES. 2,3 Ann. 3. f. 10. For granting an Aid to her Majesty, for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, by felling Annuities at several Rates, and for such respective Terms or Estates as are therein mentioned. 1,2, or 3 Lives, or 99 Years, from 25 March 704» i. e. 1803

ANNUITIES. 3,4 Ann. 2. Ci. For railing Monies, by Sale of several Annuities, for carrying on the present War. 99 Years from 25 December 705 I c. 1804

ANNUITIES. 3,4 Ann. 2. f. 3. For railing Monies, by Sale of several Annuities, for carrying oq the present War. 3 Lives convertible into 99 Years from 25 March 1704, i. e. 1803

ANNUITIES. 4 Ann. 6. C 21. For continuing an additional Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, and certain Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders, and addidonal Dudes of Excise, and for settling and establishing a Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, for Payment of Annuities to be sold for raising a further Supply to her Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Six, and other Uses therein mentioned. \ 99 Years from sc March 1706 i. e. 1805

For

4i Geo. III. 14 ? Ncrvembrii83 i

1. ACTS from tub Commencement of the Rbjok of Wihmb III, TO. $th; Afr> % 1793 —

Matter. Date. a. STif/fc of the Duration.

DUKE of MARLBOROUGH. 5 Ann. 3 For the settling of the Honours and Pignides of John Duke of Marlborough upon his Posterity, and annexing the Honour and Manor of Woodstock, and House of Blenheim, to go along with the said Honours. Continuance of Jffye Male or Ffemale of John Duke of Marlborough. t

5 Ann. 4 For settling upon John Duke of Marlborough and his Posterity, a Pension of Five Thousand Pounds per Annum, for the more honourable Support of their Dignities, in like Manner at his Honours and Dignities, and the Honour and Manor of Woodstock and House of Blenheim, are already limited and settled. Same Continuance.

ANNUITIES. 5 Ann. 19. f. 15. For continuing the Duties on Low Wines and Spirits of the first Extraction, and the Dudes payable by Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and Part of the Duties on stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, apd the late Duties on Sweets, and the One-third Subsidy of Tonnage, and for settling and establishing a Fund thereby, and by the Application of certain Overplus Monies, and otherwise, for Payment of Annuities to be sold for raising a further Supply to her Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seven, and other Uses therein expressed. 99Y^rs from 25 March I.7°7» i. e. 1865

ANNUITIES. 6 Ann. S' f. 8. For raising a further Supply to her Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eight, and other Uses, by Sale of Annpities charged on a Fund not exceeding Forty Thousand Pounds per Annum, to arise by appropriating several Surpluses, and by granting further Terms in the Duties on Low Wines, and on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, the Stamp Duties, the One-third Subsidy, the Duty on Sweets, and One of the Branches of Excise, and by making other Provision in this Act mentioned. 99 Years from 25 March 1708 i. e. 4 GO O

ANNUITIES. 6 Ann. u. For continuing Ope Half Part of the Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Duties upon Wines, Goods, and Merchandize? imported, which were granted to the Crown in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and for settling a Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, for Payment of Annuities, not exceeding Eighty Thousand Pounds per Annum, to be sold fqr raising a further . Supply to her Majesty for the Service of the Year Ques thousand Seven hundred and Eight, and other Uses therein expressed. 1 99 Years from 24 June 17° % i. e. 180/

BANK of ENGLAND' Continuance: and OTHER BANKERS LIMITED IN NUMBER. 6 Ann. 7 ‘ - 15 Geo. 2. 4 Geo. 3. ax - - -39» 40 - 22. £ 9. 7-13- »5- 60. 28. . For continuing several Duties, &c. and for securing v the Credit of the Bank of England, &c. &c. — As to Continuance of the Bank Charter. Determinable jupoo 12 Months Notice after 1 August and Re-payment St c. 183J

SAIL CLOTH, BRITISH. 1 a Ann. contint 5 Geo. 1. 10 — -8 Geo. 2. '5 ao — -27 - - - 33 - - - 8 Geo. 3. 14 - - - 22 - - -29 36 ... 39, 40 - ft. 1. c. iff. led by 25- I7 18. 35- 45- 18. 17. 23- 80. 3- f55' 1. 1. 108. r45' f. 3. For the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain. AT. B. — See Discor.tinuance as to Export to Ireland, 37 Geo. 3. c. 76. 29 September and END of the NEXT SESSION. 1804

Vol. 5$. 10 C -Against

832

140 Novemb

A. 1800.

1. ACTS from the Commencement of the Reich of William III. to 8th April 1793 — continued.

Matter. Date. , Ch.

e Geo. 1. II.

CLANDESTINE continued by

RUNNING of 9 - - - j. f. 8.

UNCUSTOMED a Geo. 2. 28.

GOODS. - f-3-

8 - - - 21. <" 3 *

15 33-

20 - - - 47 *

27 18.

Hovering. 33 " - - 16.

7 Geo. 3. 35-

COFFEE. 14 86.

21 - - - 29.

RUM. 28 23-

CERTIFICATE GOODS. 33 ‘ - 40. f. 2.

« 1 1 VO ro 40. f. 12.

WOOD, 8 Geo. 1. I 12.

TIMBER, continued by and 16 Geo. 2. 26.

LUMBER. 24 57 *

3i 35-

4 Geo. 3. 11.

12 - - - 56.

19 22s

26 - - - S3-

» 33 40.

36 - - - 40. f. 1.

SILK 8 Geo. 1. 1 1 13-

MANUFACTURES. continued by

11 - - - 29. f 2.

2 Geo. 2. 28.

8 - - - 18.

15 - - - 35 *

(20 45-

26 32.

t I3I 23-

6 Geo. 3. 44.

14 86.

22 - - - 18.

29 - - - 55-

36 --- 40. f. 2.

8 Geo. 1. l8.

CLANDESTINE continued by

RUNNING 2 Geo. 2. 28.

of 8 21.

GOODS. iS 33-

REGULATION 20 47-

of 21 - - - 28.

COPPER. 27 18.

33 16.

7 Geo. 3. 35-

14 86.

21 - — 29.

28 23-

36 - - - 40. r-3-

'Title of the Act.

Duration.

Against clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and for the more effectual preventing of Frauds

relating to the Custotns.

29 September and END of the NEXT SESSION,

1802

Giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

N. B. — By 19 Geo. 3. c. 22. f. !. (whereby 8 Geo. 1. c. 12. was

continued for a Term now pall) Provision is made for the due Entry of the said Goods, and for the landing thereof In Presence of the proper Officers; but this Provision is not continued by either of the subsequent Acts, 33 Geo. 3. and 36 Geo. 3. which continued 8 Geo. 1. c. 12.

29 September

and

END of the NEXT SESSION,

1802

For Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for taking offfeveral Duties on Merchandizes exported, and for reducing the Duties upon Beaver Skins, Pepper, Mace, Cloves, and Nutmegs imported j and for the Importation of all,) Furs of the Product of the British Plantations into this Kingdom only, and that the Two Corporations of Assurance on any Suits brought on their Policies, shall be liable only to Single Damages and Costs of Suit.

24 June and END of the NEXT SESSION.

J

To prevent the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; and to prevent Ships breaking their Quarantine; and to subject Copper Ore of the Production of the British Plantations to such Regulations, as other enumerated Commodities of the like Production are subjefr.

JV. B. — the Clauses of 8 Geo. 1. c. >8. respecting Quarantine arc not continued L>v the later Statutes.

1802

29 September and END of the

NEXT SESSION.

1802

For

4i Geo. Ill,

140 Nffdembris

1. ACTS from the Commencement of the Reign of William III. to 8th April 1793 —

Matter Date. a. 'Title of the A3. ' Duration.

/ COFFEE. 5 Geo. 2. continued II - - - 19 25 32 6 Geo. 3. 14 21 28 - - -36 - - - 24. ' by 18. 25. 35- IO. 44. 86. 29. 23- 40. f. 4- For encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty's Plantations in America. N B So much of 5 Geo. z. c. 24. as relates to the Imports- 1 tion and Exportation of Foreign Coffee into and from the Britishi Colonies in America is not continued. 24 June and END of the NEXT SESSION. 1802

THAMES. LAST AGE and h ALLASTAGE. 6 Geo. 2. continued II 18 3 2 - - -11 Geo. 3. 23 35 29. ' by 12. 21. 16. 8. 84. For the better Regulation of Laftage and Ballastage in the River Thames. J 24 June and END of the NEXT SESSION. 180

V -. . - COCHINEAL and INDIGO. 7 Geo. 2. continued 14 20 27 33 7 Geo. 3. 14 22 --- 29 36 18. by 34-47- 1 18. 16. 36. 86. 3- 55- 40. f.5. \ For the Revival of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the Free Impor-> " ration of Cochineal during the Time therein li-( "mited, and also for the Free Importation of In 1 " digo." J 29 September and END of the NEXT SESSION. 1802

v — . ... — - SAIL CLOTH, BRITISH. 9 Geo. 2. ' 'continued 13 - - - 24 3 4 Geo. 3. 12 — - 18 - - -26 33 36 39> 4° - - Ib37 by a8. 52. 36 11. 56- 45 53- 49. 108. 45 f-4- % For further Encouraging and Regulating the Ma-r.ufatfure of British Sail Cloth, and for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign,) Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom. N. B. — ‘The 9 Geo. 2. c. 37. was amended as well as continued by 33 Geo. 3. c. 49. 29 September and END of the NEXT SESSION. 1804

SUGARS. 12 Geo. 2. continued 17 - - -2A 31 4 Geo. 3. 12 - - - 18 - -: 26 - - -33 - - - I 3°- by 40. 57- 35 12. 57-4 5- 53- 40. f. 3- For granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of His Majesty's > Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies directly to Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law. 29 September and END of the NEXT SESSION, viz. 1799 1800 -t-

RUM and SPIRITS. 15, 16 G. 2.| continued 23 31 - - -4 Geo. 3. 6 - - -11 - — l9 25 33 39, 40 - - 25: . by 26. 36. 12. .47- S1- 22. 69. 40. r. 1. 45- f. 7. To impower the Importers or Proprietors of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations, to land the same before Payment of the Duties of Excise I charged thereon, and to lodge the same in Ware-houses at their own Expence, &c. N. B. — 33 Geo. 2. c. 28. f. 2. depending on 15. 16 Geo. 2, c. 25. will expire at the same Time. 3 29 September and END of the NEXT SESSION 1805

Vol. 5c.

For

834 14° Novembris. A. 1800 /

1. ACTS PROM THI CoMMiKCEMENf of the Riicr of William III. to 8th April *

Mailer. Date. a. Title of the Duration.

ANNUITIES. 18 Geo. 2. 9- For granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon all Wines imported into Great Britain, and for raising'a certain Sum of Money by Annuities and a Lottery, in Manner therein mentioned, to be charged on the said additional Duties. Lives of Contributors, or till Redemption. . .<a

N. W. PASSAGE. 18 Geo. 2. »7- For giving a public Reward to such Person or Persons,' his Majesty's Subject or Subjects, as shall discover a N. W. Passage through Hudson's Streights to the Western and Southern Ocean of America. Till Discovery.

ANNUITIES. 19 Geo. 2. 12. For granting to His Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Glass, and upon Spirituous Liquors, and for raising a certain Sum of Money by- Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties; and for obviating some Doubts about making out Orders at the Exchequer, for the Monies advanced upon the Credit of the Salt Duties granted and continued to his Majesty by an Act of the last: Session of Parliament. Lives of Contributors, or till Redemption.

SAIL CLOTH, FOREIGN. 19 Geo. 2. continued 26 - - -32 - - -6 Geo. 3. 14 12 - - - 29 36 - - -39> 40 - - 27- by 32- 23 44. 80. 13- 55- 108. 45-f. 5. \ For the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign-made Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom, and for charging all Foreign-made Sails with a Duty, and for explaining a Doubt concerning ' Ships being obliged at their first setting out to Sea to be furnished with One complete Set of Sails made of British Sail Cloth. ). 29 September and END of the NEXT SESSION. 1804

GOING ARMEf). 19 Geo. 2. continued 26 32 4 Geo. 3. 11 18 26 28 36 --- 1 34 by 32. IO. 12. 51 45- 80. 23- 40. f. 13- \ For the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Ex-i cife, and for indemnifying Offenders against those Laws upon the Terms in this Act mentioned, and for Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures. x 29 September and END of the NEXT SESSION. 18os

LINENS, BRITISH and IRISH. YARNS. 29 Geo. 2. continued 10 Geo. 3. 19 27 28 — - 31 33 - - - 35 - - - 36 - - - 38 - - - 39 39> 40 - - 5- by 38. 27- 36. 24. 43- 40. 39- 40. c35' f. 1. 28. 45 f. 2. For granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported j and taking off the Duties S on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax. > 24 June i8oe

ANNUITIES. 30 Geo. 2. 19. For granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds; and upon Newspapers, Advertisements, and Almanacks, and upon Licences for retailing Wine; and upon Coals exported to Foreign Parts; and for applying for a certain Time the Sums of Money arising from the Surplus of the Duties on Licences for re tailing Spirituous Liquors, and for raising the Sum of Three Millions, by Annuities to be charged on the said Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money; and for making perpetual an Act, made in the Second Year of 4 'the Lives of Contributors, or till Redemption.

41 Geo. III.

14° Novembris *

835

1. ACTS from the CoMMBkcsMEtft ofr Ttit Riictr ot WilliAti III. to 8th April 17

Matter. Date. a. Title of the Duration.

ANNUITIES. ttntiuutd. - the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled) " An Act for the better Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors 1 and for enlarging the Time for filing Affidavits of the Execution of Contrafts of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, and also the Time for Payment of the Duties omitted to be paid for the In-. " dentures and Contrafts of Clerks and Appren-" tices." Lives of Contributors or till Redemption.

RUM and SPIRITS. 33 Geo. ft. 2s. r. a. For encouraging the Exportation of Rum and Spirits. &c. &c. N. B — See 15,16. Geo. 2. c. 25. 29 September and END of the NEXT SESSION, viz. r799 1800

THE KING. ' CIVIL LIST. 1 Geo. 3. and 17 Iy 21. For the Support of His Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain. Life of the King.

MALT. See. t Geo. 3. &c. $9 - - Sess. 2. 3« 2. IFor continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Du-1 ties upon Malt. Mum. Cyder, and Perry, &c. 24 June 1801 \

THE KING.' 1 Geo. 3. To enable His Majesty to be Governor of the South Sea Company. Life of the King.

THE QUEEN. 3 Geo. 3. I. For enabling His Majesty to make Provision for supporting the Royal Dignity of the Queen, in case she shall survive His Majesty, Life of the King and Queen, and One Year after the Queen' Death.

SALT. QJJEBEC. 4 Geo. 3. Continue 6 13 20 - - 26 - - - 31 - - 19. by 4ft. 69. 19. 53- 43 40. f. 7. N ‘ 1 For importing Salt from Europe into the Province of I Quebec in America.' 24. June and END " of the NEXT SESSION. i8oa

HEMP and FLAX. 4 Geo. 3. continued 26 a 6. by r52' 1. I ft. For granting a Bounty upon the Importation of Hemp, and rough and undressed Flax, from His Majesty's Colonies in America. 24 June 1806

REGENCY. 5 Geo. 3. 27. T0 provide for the Administration of the Government, in case the Crown should descend to any of the Children of His Majesty, being under the Age of Eighteen Tears, and for the Care and Guardianship of their Persons. The King's Life and contingently afterwards.

FEES of OFFICERS. CUSTOMS in AMERICA and NEWFOUNDLAND. 5 Geo. 3. 10 - - - 12 - - -14 - - - 2 3 — " 34 - - -39 40 - 45 .37 by 56. 86. . 2 ft. 6. 44. 45-C 6. To continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland; and to revive and continue so much of Two Acts, made in the Tenth and Sixteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to regulating the Fees of the Officers eftbe Naval Officers in the British Colonies in and of the Officers of the Custrns in the Island of Newfoundland. 9 May and END of the NEXT SESSION. 1804

Vol: 55. / «o0 To

83<S

i 4° Novembris

1800.

I. ACTS from the Commencement of the Reign of William III. to 8th April 1793 — continued.

Matter. Date. Ch. 7i7/<f of the Atl. Duration,

SILKS and VELVETS. 6 Geo. 3. continued 8 - - r 11 - - -17 - - -22 - - - 29 35 28. ' by 25 49. 35- 72. 55 38- f 3- To prohibit the Importation of Foreign-wrought Silks and Velvets for a limited Time j and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture. / 14 June and END of the NEXT SESSION. 1802

CORDAGE. 6 Geo. 3. continued 12 - - -14 - - -17 - - -26 - - - 31 36 - - - b4i‘ by 60. 86. 44. 85. 43- 108. \ For allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage; and for discontinuing the Drawbacks / upon Foreign rough Hemp exported.,) ' Four Years from 18 May viz. and END of the NEXT SESSION 1796 1800

TALLOW. v" 7 Geo. 3. continued IO - - -,3 ... 16 i9 — 22 — 26 — 29 - - -32 - - - 35 — 39 — 12. by 8. 5- 12. 22. 20. 53-55-36. 38. f. 2. 101. f. 2. . ' _ - ITo discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable \ upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and ' Grease. 5 March 1806

DUKE of GLOUCESTER. 7 Geo. 3. 19. To enable His Majesty to settle certain Annuities on their Royal Highnesses the Dukes of York, Gloucester, and Cumberland. The Duke of Gloucester's Life.

RAW HIDES. 9 Geo. 3. continued 14 21 27 - - - 32 36 - - - 39- by 86. 29. 36. 36. 40. f.14. To permit the Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in America, for a limited Time j and for taking off the Duties upon Seal Skins tanned or tawed in this Kingdom, and for granting another Duty in lieu thereof; for indemnifying all Persons with respect to advising or executing any of His Majesty's Orders of Council, prohibiting the Importation of Raw Hides, Horns, and Hoofs, of infected Cattle, and to authorize the Prohibition of the Importation of such Hides, Horns, and Hoofs, for the future. 1 June and END of the NEXT SESSION. 1803

LEATHER. 12 Geo. 3. continued 17 — 24 - - - 30 — -36 - -- 1 5° by 44. »9-f. 2. 18. 40. f. 8. For encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of Bark shall exceed a certain Rate, for a limited Time. Five Years i. e. 24 March and END of the NEXT SESSION. 1801

longitude. r 14 Geo. 3. continue 17 — 20 - - - 21 - — 30 - - - 36 — 66. f. 2. d by 48. 6l. 52. 14. IC7. For the Repeal of all former Acts concerning the Longitude at Sea, except so much thereof as relates to the Appointment and Authority of the Com midi oners thereby constituted, and also such Clauses as relate to the constructing, printing, publishing, vending, and licensing of Nautical Almanacks, and other useful Tables, and for the more effectual Encouragement and Reward of such Person and Persons as shall discover a Method for finding the fame, or shall make useful Discoveries in Navigation; and for the bettei making Experiments relating thereto. i i I Til! £. 5,000 , expended.

For

4i Geo. Ill 4"Novembris.

i. ACT S from the Commencement of the Reign of William III. to 8th April 1793 —

Matter. Date. Ch. yule of the Act. Duration.

1 NORTH PASSAGE. 6 Geo. 3. 6.(. 1. I ''or giving a Public Reward onto such Person or Persons, being His Majesty's Subject or Subjects, as shall discover a Northern Pair.tge for Vessels by Sea, between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans; and also unto such as shall first approach by Sea within One Degree of the Northern Pole. Till Discovery.

NORTH POLE. 16 Geo. 3. 6. f. 2. 1 7or giving a Public Reward unto such Person or Persons, being His Majesty's Subject or Subjects, as shall dif- . cover a Northern Passage for Vessels by Sea, between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, and also unto such as shall first approach by Sea within One Degree of the N orthern Pole. rill approached within One Degree.

THE KING. 7 Geo. 3. Sec 1 Geo. 3. 21. X. imr the better Support of His Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain. The King's Lite.

TOBACCO PIPE CLAY. 17 Geo. 3. 1 continued 20 - - -23 - - . 28 - - -33 38 - - - 4 3- by x9. 6. 23- 40. f.4. 35-f. 2. For repealing the Eleventh Rule in the Book of Races, so far as the same relates to making any Allowance upon the Importation of damaged Currants and Rai-fins, and for making the Importer of such Goods an Abatement in the Duties in lieu thereof; and for explaining the said Rule with respect to such Allowance for Damage on other Goods; and to permit the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom, to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, for a limited Time. 24 June 1802 '

ANNUITIES. 18 Geo. 3. 22. For raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery. Lives of Contributor: or 30 Years from 22 D cumber 1 1778. i. e. 13o8

PRINCES FREDERICK, See. PRINCESSES CHARLOTTE, &c. 18 Geo. 3. 39 - - 31 3°- For enabling His Majesty to settle on their Royal High-nesses the Princes Frederick Bishop of Osnaburgh, William Henry, Edward Ernest Augustus,. Augullus Frederick, and Adolphus F'rederick, an Annuity of Sixty Thousand Pounds per Annum, and also to settle on their Royal Highnesses the Princefies Charlotte Au-gusta Matilda, Augusta Sophia, Elizabeth, Mary, and Sophia, One other Annuity of Thirty Thousand Pounds per Annum; and also to settle on His Highness Prince William Frederick, One other Annuity of Eight Thousand Pounds per Annum; and on Her Highness the Princess Sophia Matilda, One other Annuity o( Four Thousand Pounds per Annum. N. B. — By this Stat. His Majesty is enabled to fectle on Her Royal Highness Princess Amelia, Part of the said Annuity ol £.30,000. The respective Lives of the Granites after the King'i Death.

Earl of CHATHAM. 18 Geo. 3. 65. For settling and securing a certain Annuity on the Earl of Chatham, and the Heirs of the Body of the late William Pitt Earl of Chatham, to whom the Earldom of Chatham shall defeend, in Consideration of the eminent Services performed by the said late Earl to His Majesty and the Public. [ The Confirm-, ar.ee of H nrs of the Body of William End of Chat.iam, 1 &c.

ANNUITIES. VOL. 55. 19 Geo. 3. l8. For raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities and for establishing a Lottery. Lives of Contributors, or 2< Years from 2 December »79> 18cS 9 I To

A' 1800.

838 140 .

1. ACTS from the Commencement or the Reign or William III. to 8th April 1793 — continued.

Matter. Bate, a. Title of the Duration.

RUM. DRAWBACK. 19 Geo. 3. continuec 2i - - - 24 26 - - -28 - - -36 - - - 22. f.7. by 29. 5°. 5°- 23- 40. C it. To continue Several Laws relating to the giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America; to the landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excite; to the discontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease; to the re-,) gulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs and Naval Officers in America $ to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles, to His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; and to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages. sJ ">r and END of the NEXT SESSION. 1801

TRANSPORTA- TION. ENGLAND. PENITENTIARY HOUSES. 19 Geo. 3. continued 24 St. 2. 23 34 - - -39 " " 74- 1 by 56. 24. 60. 51-f. 1. To explain and amend the Laws relating to the Transportation, Imprisonment, and other Punishment of certain Offenders. N. 2?. — This Act is made perpetual as to the punishment of burning in tbi Hand, by Stat, 39. Geo. 3. C. 45. and as to Judges Edgings, by 39 Geo. 3. c. 46. 25 March 1 00 O

CREDITORS. SCOTLAND. 23 Geo. 3. continuec 30 — 3 3 — 39 — 18. by 5- 74- S3- For rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to Bills and Promissory Notes. 25 March 1804

BUCKRAMS, LINENS, CALLICOES, COTTONS. 23 Geo. 3. continue) 24 21. i by St. 2. 14- For granting a Bounty upon the Exportation of British and Irish Buckrams and Fillettings, British and irish Linens, British Callicoes and Cottons, or Cotton 'mixed with Linen, printed, painted, stained, or dyed, > in Great Britain. So long as a Bounty shall be given on the Exportation of these Articles by Irish Acts of Parliament.

FLAX, COTTON. 23 Geo. 3. continue! 26 28 29 - - - 33 - - -36 - - - 38 ... 39 77- i by 53- 23- 54- 40. 40. 35-f. 5. 33. f. 4. \ For the more effectual Encouragement of the Ma-) nufatftures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain. / 24 June 0 0 00 ►w

Sir GEO. ELIOTT. 23 Geo. 3. 85- For settling and securing a certain Annuity for the Use of the Right honourable Sir George Augustus Eliott, Knight of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, in Consideration of the eminent Services performed by him to His Majesty, and this Country. The Lives of Sir George Augustus Eliott and his Son Francis Augustus Eliott.

LORD RODNEY. 23 Geo. 3. 86. For settling and securing a certain Annuity on George Lord Rodney, and the Two next Persons to whom the Barony of Rodney shall defeend, in Consideration of the eminent Services performed by the said George Lord Rodney to His Majesty and the Public. , The Lives of Lord Rodney and his two next succeeding Heirs.

DUKE of GLOUCESTER. 25 Geo. 3. 53- For settling an Annuity of Nine Thousand Pounds on His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, in lieu of the like Annuity payable out of the Duties of Four and One Half per Centum, in Barbadoes and the Leeward Klands. The Life of the Duke of GIou-cester. t

To

4i Geo. III. 140 Novembris. 839

1. ACT S from the Commencement of the Reign of William III. to 8th April 1793 — continued.

Matter. Date. Ch. Title of tieAEi. Durati'on.

FISHERY, j NEWFOUNDLAND.:; 6 Geo. 3. 7 19 - ' I9> 40 - - 26. T 99. 1. 1. 102. 45-f. 8. 0 amend and render more effectual the several Laws now in Force, for encouraging the Fisheries now carried on at Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe; and for granting Bounties for a limited Time on certain Terms and Conditions. N. B. — Between lit January 1799 and nth July; this Act wa, not in Force until it was revived with a Retrofpedl. 1 January i 802 L

ANNUITIES. i6 Geo. 3. 32. F or raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Ex- c chequer Bills for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six. Continuance of Long Annul-ties and Annuities lor 30 and 29 Years respectively.

GREENLAND FISHERY. 26 Geo. 3. continue 29 - - - 31 32 38 - - - 39 39. 40- - 41. - by S3-4 3-2 2. 35- f.4. 101. f. 1. 45- f.9. For the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Screights. 7 it.B. — 26 Geo. 3. c. 41. and 29 Geo. 3. c. 53. are amended as welt as continued by 32 Geo. 3. c. 22. 2; December 1801

FISHERIES,. BRITISH. 26 Geo. 3. continue a7 - - - 35 38 39,40 - - 1 81. d by IO. 56. f. I. 58. 85. For the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries. By 39 Geo. 3. c. 100. (12 July 1799) revtved from 1 March 1799, and continued to End of next Session. > 5 April 1801

LADY MARIA CARLTON. 26 Geo. 3. explains 28 - - - 1 88.: J by 42- For settling and securing 2 certain Annuity for the Use of Lady Maria Carlron, Wife of Sir Guy Carlton, Knight of the Most Flonourable Order of the Bath, and Guy Carlton, and Thomas Carlton, Sons of the Laid Sir Guy Carlton, in Consideradon of the eminent Services performed by him to His Majesty and this Country. Lives of Lady M. Carhcn, and Guy Carlton and Thomas Carlton, Sons of Lady M. Carlton and Sir G. Carlton.

BROOK WATSON, Esq. 26 Geo. 3. explain! 28 1 93- ;d by 43- To enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Brook Watson, Esq. late Commissary General in North America, in Consideradon of his diligent and meritorious Services in that Office. A ..... Life of Helen Watson his Wife.

Sir JOHN SKYNNER. 27 Geo. 3. 12. To enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to the Right honourable Sir John Skynner, Knight, late Lord Chief Baron of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, in Consideradon of his diligent and meritorious Services, and of his faithful and upright Conduct in the Execution of that Office. Life of Sir John Skynuer.

POST HORSE DUTIES. 27 Geo. 3. continu 30 33 ~ -36 - - - 39 - 2 6. cd by 23-7 84. 74- To enable the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an Act made in the Twenty -fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to hire for travelling Poll and by Time, to such Persons as should be willing to contract for the fame. 1 1 February I 1803

SPIRITS. HYDROMETER. 27 Geo. 3. conti nt 28 -9 - - 30 31 33 34 - - - 38 3»- f.7. ted by 23- 55-13. 44' 40. 35-f. 6, For making Allowance to the Dealers in Foreign Wine; for the Stock of certain Foreign Wines in their Pof session, at a certain Time, upon which the Duties 01 I Importation have been paid j and for amending fe,) veral Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise. it. B. — As to so much as direfh the ascertaining the Strengtl of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer. s 1 l June b 1801

Vol. 55. 10 E To

840 14° Novembris 1800 *

1. ACTS from the Commencement of the Reign of Wili.iam III. to 8th April 1793 — continued.

Matter. Date. a. Title of the Aid. Duration.

DUKE of SAINT ALBANS-. 28 Geo. 3. 41. To enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to the Most Noble Aubrey Duke of Saint Albans. 10 October 1803

ANNUITIES, 29 Geo. 3. 41. For raising a certain Sum of Money, by Way of Annuities, to be attended with the Benefit of Survivorship in dalles. Lives of Nominees.

Dr. FRANCIS WILLIS. 30 Geo. 3. 44. To enable His Majesty to settle a certain Annuity on the Reverend Francis Willis, Doctor of Physic. Twt nty-or.e Years from Date of the Annuity, i. e. 1811

WILLIAM PENN, Esq. \ 30 Geo. 3. 46. For settling and securing a certain Annuity for the Use of the H^irs and Defendants of William Penn, Esq the original Proprietor of the Province of Penfyl vania, in Consideration of the meritorious Services of the said William Penn, and of the Lodes which his Family have fullained in consequence of the unhappy Diffen-fions in America. Continuance of Heirs and Dc-fcendar.ts of Wiiiiam Penn. — 7

SEAL SKINS. 31 Geo. 3. continue 34 - - -39 " ' " 1 26. d by 36. f. 6. 33- f-3- 1 To allow the Importation of Seal Skins cured with \ Foreign Salt free of Duty, for a limited Time. 24 June 1804

DUKE of CLARENCE. 31 Geo. 3. 34- For enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity of Twelve Thousand Pounds on His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, during Pleasure. The King's Pleasure.

PILCHARD FISHERY. 31 Geo. 3. 37 - - -39 - ‘ 45- 94, 65. f. 1. For the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a further Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and exported. 34 June 1805

DUKE and DUCHESS of YORK. 32 Geo. 3. 3 To enable His Majesty to make Provision for the Establishment of their Royal Highnesses the Duke and Duchess of York and Albany; and also to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness during the Term of Her natural Life, to commence from the Decease of His said Royal Highness, in case Her said Royal Highness shall survive him. The Lives of the Duke of York and of the Duchess.

POLICE OFFICES JUSTICES of PEACE For MIDDLESEX, &c. 32 Geo. 3. continue 36 - - - , 53- by 75- 14 May 1796. For the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, as lie in and near the Metropolis, and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies. Five Years and END of the NEXT SESSION. 1801

YF.LLOW COLOUR. WOOLLEN CLOTH. 32 Geo. 3. 72. For vesting in James Turner, his Executors, Admini-llrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a certain Yellow Colour of his Invention, throughout that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed. Eleven Years from 24 June i.792> i. e. 1803 *

32 Geo. 3. 73- 1 For more effectually securing to Joseph Booth, and to the Public, the Benefit of a certain Invention or Discovery therein mentioned, for which he hath obtained Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain. Fourteen Years from 23 January 1792» i. e. 1806

ALIENS. \ 33 Geo. 3. continued 34 tf- - ]6 J7 Amended by ;3 - - - and again amended 4- 1 by 82. 24. 109. 92. 50. 77- - For establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriv-> ing in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cafes. 1 August and END of the NEXT SESSION iiSoo |

2. ACTS

4i Geo. III.

14° Novembris

§41

2. ACTS SUBSEQUENT TO 8tH APRIL 1793.

Matter. Date. Ch. IVben fassed. 27//<? of Act. -- Duration.

SEAMEN. J3 Geo. 3. 26. 30 April ] 17 93- For the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His Majesty's Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Vessels, during the present War. The present War.

TRAITOROUS ' CORRESPONDENCE. 33 Geo. 3. 27. 7 May »7 93- More effectually to prevent, during the present War between Great Britain and France, ail traitorous Correspondence with, or Aid or Assistance being given to His Majesty's Enemies. N. B. — By 39 Geo. 3. c. 98. Repealed in Part as to Spanish Wool. The present War.

B AN K of ENGLAND. FORGERY. 33 Geo. 3. 30 30 April 1793- For the better preventing Forgeries and Frauds in thel Transfers of the several Funds transferrable at the Bank of England. Til! Annuities redeemed.

PRIZES. 33 Geo. 3. 34- 10 May 17 93 Kor the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom. The present War.

ANTIGUA. PORT of St. JOHN. 33 Geo. 3. 37 5°. t. 2. 99. r. 2. 3 June 793- To amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes in Foreign Ships, into and from certain Ports and Places in the West Indies, &c. &c. IO July iSot

GENEVA. Sir WILLIAM BISHOP, and COMPANY. 28 Geo. 3. 33 continued 3 5 - - -37 — 39 4/>- f. 63. 59-f. 5. l>y 89. f. 2. 99. t-3- IO5. 17 June 793- «' Tt> continue several Duties of Excise on Foreign Spirits imported into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, and alto for continuing certain Laws of Excise therein mentioned. / N. B. — Amended by this latter A£L s Jui7. 1804

DISTILLERIES. SCOTLAND. <- 33 Geo. 3 continued 36 - - - 6l. i by 40. f. i5. 17 June >793-24 March 796- s J For the Regulation of Dlftilleries in Scotland, and the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scodand to England, for a limited Time. 1 December and END of the NEXT SESSION, 1802

PRIZES. . SEAMEN. 33 Geo. 3. Amende 38 - - - 66. :d and |i°9. 17 June 7 93-extended. For the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectual manning His Majesty's Navy. The present War with France, Holland and Spain,

SHIPS. WILFl LI Y BURNING, DESTROYING, or DAMAGING them; and OBSTUCTING SEAMEN and SHIP CARPENTERS, 33 Geo. 3, . 67. 17 June 17 93 For better preventing Offences in obstructing, destroying, or damaging Ships or other Vessels, and in obstructing Seamen, Keelmen, Carters, and Ship Carpenters, from pursuing their lawful Occupations. . a . r . -k. 24 June and END of the NEXT SESSION 1800

NEWFOUND- LAND. 33 Geo. 3 continu 34 35 36 39 39 Self. 2 39> 4° - 1 76- ed by 44. 25- 37 16. 9-17- 1 ^-r — For establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island ol Newfoundland, and the Islands adjacent. N, B. This was an Act to revive and continue. f 1 March 1803

Vol. 55. > For

14° Novemlris. A. 1800.

2. ACTS subsequent to 8th April 17

Matt. Date. Ch, JTZw passed. Title of the Act. Duration.

LORD RODNEY. 33 Geo. 3. See 2jGeo. 3. 77 86. 17 June 793 For further settling and securing a certain Annuity on the Heirs Male of the Body of the late Lord Rodney, to whom the Barony of Rodney shall de(cend> in Consideration of the eminent Services performed by the said late Lord Rodney to His Majesty and the Public. Continuance of Heirs Male of the Body of the late Lord Rodney to whom the Barony shall dcicend.

DUCHY of . CORNWALL. 33 Geo. 3. 78. 17 June 793- To enable His Royal Highness George Prince of Wales to make Leases, Copies, and Grancs of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcelof His said Royal Highness's Duchy ot Cornwall, or annexed to the fame; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned. Lif<7 of the Prince of Walts.

FRENCH rORPERTY. 34 Geo. 3. 9- 1 March 1794- For preventing Money or Effects, in the I lands of His Majesty's Su-jtccs, belonging to or disposable by Persons resident in F:ance, being applied to the Use of the Persons exercising the Powers of Government in j France, and for preserving the Property thereof, for the Benefit of the individual Owners thereof. Fhe War with France. N B. Mot expressly so delcnbed in the Statute.

GREENLAND and WHALE FISHERY. 34 Geo. 3. 22. 4 April 1794. 1 For allowing Vessels employed in the Greenland and; Whale Fishery, to complete their full Number of Men at certain Ports, for a limited Time. The War with France. 0

VOLUNTEER CORPS. 34 Geo. 3. 3i 17 April 1794. For encouraging and disciplining such Corps or Companies of Men, as shall voluntarily inrol themselves for tile Defence of their Counties, Towns, or Coasts, or for the general Defence of the Kingdom, during , the present War. . The War with France.

; FOREIGN SHIPS, and ALIEN MERCHANTS, or FACTORS. 34 Geo. 3 and vide 37 Geo. 3. 42. 9 May 1794- For granting to Foreign Ships put under His Majesty's Protection, the Privileges of Prize bhips, under certain Regulations and Restrictions; for allowing Aliens in Foreign Colonies, surrendered to His Majesty, to exercise the Occupations of Merchants or Factors; and for repealing an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the " Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of His K< Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, from the said cc Colonies, directly to Foreign Parts, in Ships built in " Great Britain, and navigated according to Law and also so much of an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as amends the said Act. The War.with France.

'EMIGRANT corps. 34 Geo. 3.] L, 9 May 1794. To enable Subjects of France to enlist as. Soldiers in Regiments to serve on the Continent of Europe, and in certain other Places, and to enable His Majesty to grant Commissions to Subjects of France, to serve and receive Pay as Officers in such Regiments, or as Engineers, under certain Restrictions. The War with France, and END of the NEXT SESSION

TRANS PORTA-: TION. v SCOTLAND. 25 Geo. 3. 34: 39 1 46. 60. r. 2. S1 r. 2. 23 May 1794. 13 June 799- To continue so much of several Laws, respecting the Transportation and Imprisonment of Offenders, as relates to the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement. 25 March ! 1802

FRENCH i. ISLANDS. PROVISIONED. I HGeo.3. 71. 11 June 1794. For supplying such of the French IQands as may be in His Majesty's Possession, with the several Sorts of Corn, Meal, Flour, and Biscuit, necessary for the Maintenance of the Inhabitants of the said islands. i The War with France, and Six Months ' afterwards.

FRENCH -PROPERTY. 1 J4 GEO. 3. 79- 7 Ju'7. 1794. For more effectually preserving Money or Effects ir the Hands of His Majesty's Subjects, belonging to 01 disposable by Persons resident in France, for the Benefi of the individual Owners thereof. 1 The War wits r France. N. B. t No specified Duration expressed; but fee 34. Geo. 3. C. 9. I 1

For

41 Geo. III. 14® Novembris.

2. ACTS subsequent to Sth April 1793 — continued.

Matter. Date. Ch. hen pajfed ‘Title of the Act. Duration.

J DUTCH PROPERTY. j NEUTRAL i CARGOES. J 5 Geo. 2.1 6 17 - - -8 - - - !9 — " Sess. a. 19 4° -59, 40 - 5& 80. 76. 12. 9- 12. 9. 1 17. 1 65-: 16 Mar. 17 95- 30 Dec. 1797-4 Jan. 17 99 2 Od. 799 9 Feb. 1800. jo June 1800. For rendering effectual His Majesty's Orders in Council of the Sixteenth and Twenty-filft Days of January One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, respecting the Admission of the Effects mentioned in the said 1 Orders into the Ports of this Country, to be ware-houi'ed; and for indemnifying all Persons who have acted in consequence of such Orders. . I January t ! 804

DUTCH PROPERTY. NEUIV.AL ' CARGOES. ?5 Geo. 3. 36 - - - 37 - - 33 - - - 39 - - Sess. 2. Vide 1 80. 76. 12. 9- 9 supra. 22 May 795 12 Od. 1799 . To make further Provision respecting Ships and Effects come into this Kingdom, to take the Benefic of His Majesty's Orders in Council of the Sixteenth, and Twenty-first Days of January One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five j and to provide for the Disposal of other Ships and Effects detained in, or brought into, the Ports of this Kingdom. See 36 Geo. 3. c, 76. 1 January t8©4

KILN or OVEN. 35 Geo. 3. 68. 19 May 795 Forvcfting, for a certain Term of Years, in the Right honourable Henry Seymour Conway, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Property of a Kiln or Oven, by him invented, for burning Lime, and for the Use of Distillers and Brewers, and for other beneficial Purposes. 1 January 1816

SOUTHERN WHALE FISHERIES. PREMIUMS. 3j Geo. 3. amended 38 Geo. 3. 92. by 57- 22 June 795- For further encouraging and regulating the Southern Whale rtlheries. See Explanatory Act, 37 Geo. 3. c. 121. 31 December 1801 1805

IMPERIAL LOAN. 35 Geo.3. 93- 22 June 795- For guaranteeing the Payment of the Dividends on a Loan of Four Millions Six Hundred Thousand Pounds, to the Emperor of Germany. Till Reimbursement of the Loan.

SILK, FLAX, and FLAX SEED. 35 Geo. 3. continue! 36 - - - 37 100. 1 by 4- 8. 22 June 795- For permitting the Importation of organzined Thrown Silk, Flax, and Flax Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, for a limited Time. The present War.

EAST INDIA COMPANY. SHIPPING. 35 Geo. 3. 115. 26 June 795 For allowing, for a limited Time, the Importation of Goods from India and China, and other Parts within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the East India Company, in Ships not of British Built, nor registered as such; and for the Exportation of Goods from Great Britain by the same Ships, under certain Restrictions. The present War, and Eighteen Months afterwards.

RAPE SEED, and other SEEDS fur OIL. 35 Geo. 3. COntiiiuec 36 38 - - - 39 1 "7- i by 40. 35- f 3. 38. r. 1. 26 June 1795. - 10 May 1799. For allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, from any Country whatever, whenever the Prices of middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit. X ... - . 24 June 1804

PRINCE of WALES. 35 Geo. 3 . 129 . 27 June 1.795- For enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity on Hi Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, during the joint Lives of His Majesty, and-of His said Royal Highness; for making Provision out of His Revenues for the Payment of any Debts that may be due from His Royal Highness; for preventing the Accumulation of Debts in future: and for regulating the Mode of Expenditure of the said Revenues. Joint Lives of the King and [ the Prince of Wales.

Vol. 55. 0 F For

14° Novem

A. i8go *

44

2. ACTS subsequent to 8th April 1793- —

Matter. Date. a. It 'ben pajfiu- 'Title of the Act Duration.

PRINCESS of WALES. 35 Gl°. 3. - 130. 27 June 17 95 For the better enabling His Majesty to make Provision fora sure and certain Jointure for Her Royal Highness the Princtls of Wales, for the Term of Her Life. Life of the Princefb ot Wales.

GRENADA and ST. VINCENTS. # 35 Geo. Time enlart. 37 - - - ‘ 39 127. }ed by V- I i. 27 June 119S- 4 Jan. 17 99 For enabling His Majesty to diretSt the Issue of Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, for the Purpoits, and in the Manner therein mentioned. N. B. The Title of this latter Act is. An Act for allowing further Time for the Payment of Instalments to become due on certain Sums advanced by Way of Loan to certain Persons connetled with, and trading to the islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent. Further Time to Alexander Houftoun and Co. Charles Afnwell, Esq. and William Johnstone, Esq. 2d October ! and 25 March 25 March 17 99 1800 1801

39 Geo. 3. Sess. 2. Vide 39 40 Geo. 3. 13- id. 12 0ct. 1799. 28 July 1800. 5 January i8Q3 1801 1802

5 January 1804 1805 180S

THE KTNG and GOVERN- MENT. 36 Geo. 3. 7- 18 Dec. 1795 For the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts. The King's Life.

MILITIA. 37 Geo. 3. explained . 37 I 1 3- ind am 32. 11 Nov. 1796. ended For providing an Augmentation to the Militia, to be trained and exercised in the Manner therein directed j and for enabling His Majesty to cause the same to be embodied, in case of JSecefticy, for the Defence of thele Kingdoms: N. i?. — 38 Geo. 3. c. 18. f. 19. has the same Duration with those for meeting of Lieutenancy. The present War, and One Calendar Month after the End thereof.

CAVALRY. /V 37 Geo. 3. 38 - - - 6. 94. 11 Nov. 1796. For enabling His Majesty to raise a provisional Force of Cavalry, to be embodied, in case of Neceftity, for the Defence of these Kingdoms. 1. N. B — Explained and amended by 37 Geo. 3. C. 23. & 139 — 38 Geo. 3. c. 51.8c c. 9.J.. 2. N. B. — By Scat. 39 Geo. 3. c. 23. the above Acts arc in Part repealed, and in Part carried into further Elieft.: The present , War, and in Part, One Calendar Month afterwards, in Part, Six Calendar Months and the End of the then NEXT SESSION

CAPE of GOOD HOPE. 37 Geo. 3. 38 - - - 39 39.40 - 21. 9- 12. f. 2. i7- r-3- 28 Dec. 1796. 20 Dec. 1797. 4 January 1799. For authorizing His Majesty, for a limited Time, to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Flope. From 20 February 1 1800, until 40 Days after Commencemen of NEXT SESSION viz. 20 December 1 t 1S00

RANK of ENGLAND. 37 Geo.3. 37 38 45- 91. I. 3 May 1797 For confirming and continuing, for a limited Time, the Restritftion contained in the Minute of Council of the Twenty-sixth of February One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, on Payments of Cash by the Bank. The present War, and One Month after its Conclufioji by a Definitive Treaty.

FOREIGN SHIPS, and ALIEN MERCHANTS or FACTORS. 37 Geo. 3. 63- 25 May 1797- For granting to Foreign Ships put under His Majesty's Protefcion the Privilege of Prize Ships, under certain Regulations and Restrictions; and for allowing Aliens in Foreign Colonies surrendered to His Majesty, to exercise the Occupation of Merchants or Fadors. The prefenc War.

SEDUCTION of ARMY, NAVY. MUTINY. 37 Geo. 3. 138 39 39 -Seff. 2. 39.40 - 70. 6. 4- 9- 16. 6 June 1797. 2 Dec. 17 97 17 Dec. 1798. 12 Odt. 1799. 19 Feb. 1800. For the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts 1 to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land from their Duty and Allegiance to ITis Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience. ' From 20 Feb, Soo, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after Comm 'ncement of EXT SESSION, viz, 2 December 11 J CO

To

41 Geo III. 140 Novembrh. CO 5

2. ACTS subsequent to 8th April 1793

Matter. bate. a. 1 lr 'ben 'Titleof the Duration«

LEVANT or MSDiTER- KANKAN 6 A j . 37 Geo. 84. 19 June 1797- To permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within the Levant or Mediterranean Seas, \\ to be imported into Great Britain in British or Fo- I reign Vessels, from any Place whatsoever, for a limi- 11 ted Time. The present rsr, and Three Vluntils after ;$ Conclusion.

AMERICA. 37 Geo. 3. 97- 4 July 1 1797 ?or carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation con luded between His Majesty and the United States of America. j > long as the Freaty shall :uminue in ?orce.

— —

MILITIA. SCOTLAND. 37 Geo. 103. 19 Jo!y 1797 To raise and embody a Militia Force in that Part of the T Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland. ( N. B. — By 38 Geo. 3. c. 12. further Time given for first meet- 1 ing of Lieutenancy. he present W.ir, and One Cale dar Month alter the End thereof.

ii '.s:' INDIA j COMPANY. 37 Geo. 3. 1 I/. 19 July «/97- 1 c <or regulating the Trade to be carried on with the British Possessions in India, by the Ships of Nations in Amity with His Majesty. . "ontinuance of the Ealt ,;:dia Company's , Trade and Territorial Rights; viz. 1 March _ 1 vide supra, ' p. 830. 814

GUERNSEY, JERSEY, ALDERNEY. PROVISIONED. 37 Geo. 3 38 - 125 29. 19 Jolv 1797 For authorizing His Majesty to permit the Exportation of an additional Quantity of Wheat, Wheat Meal, or Flour, Rye, Barley, or Malt, or Bread, Biscuit, or Pease, to the Elands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alder-nev, fur the Suttenance and Use of the Inhabitants of the said islands, for a limited Time. The present War. 1

LAND TAX on 1 OFFICES, SUGAR, MAI.T. TOBACCO SNUFF. 38 Geo. K . "l Conunued 39'-c 39 Sess. n. 5 and 60. 1 by 3- f.I.& 2 ... ' / , f.l. &Z2. 17 Dec. 1798. 14 Odt- 1799. For continuing and granting to FTis Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snult, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety nine. 25 March i8ot

MILITIA. 38 Geo. 3. 7- 12 Jan. 1798. For allowing, i during the Continuance of the present War, a certain Proportion of the Men raised in pursuance of Two Acts of the laftSdfion of Parliament, for augmenting the Militia, to enlist into His Majesty's other Forces, and to serve until Six Month: after the Conclufton of a General Peace. The present War, or until io, coo Men. ‘ are so cnlilled. 1

EARL SAINT VINCENT. jSGeo. 3 21. 9 March 1758. For settling and securing a certain Annuity on Johr Earl Saint Vincent, and the Two next Persons ti whom the Title of Earl Saint Vincent hall d fcend, ir Consideration of the eminent Services performed b) the said John Earl Saint Vincent to His Majesty ant the Public. The Lives ot j John Earl St. Vincent, a-'d the Two next / Persons to ] whom the Title udeend S.

VISCOUNT DUNCAN. 138 Geo. 3 I " 2 2. 9 March 1/98. For settling and securing a certain Annuity on Adan Lord Viscount Duncan, and the Two next Persons whom the Title of Viscount Duncan shall defeend, i Consideration of the eminent Service performed by rh said Adam Lord Viscount Duncan to His Majest and the Public. The f ives of Auar.i L rd Viscount Dm n can, and the e Two next Pe Y fons to whor 1 the Tide de 1 feends. n- T- n

SALT. PORTUGAL. 38 Geo.: I-! 25- 9 March 1798. 1 To permit, during the Continuance of the present Wa the Importation of Salt from Portugal in Nfeutr Ships. ir 1 9 The prefer al War. it

VOL. 55.

848 4 Novembr. A. i$od

4. ACTS suesuquent to Sth April 1793 -continued.

Matter. Date. Ch. When 1 Title of the Act. Duration.

INVASION. 38 Geo. 3. 7- 5 April 1798. To enable His Majesty more eftvftually to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm during the present War; and for indemnifying Persons who nviv iiift'er in their Property by such Measures as may be necessary for that Purpose. i The present War with France. — . a

! HOLLAND. TRAITOROUS CORRESPOND- ENCE. 38 Gco.3. 48. 5 April 798. To prevent, during the War, Persons residing or being in Great Britain, from advancing Money or Effects for the Purchase or on the Credit of Debts owing to the Government of the United Provinces, or any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Persons within the said Provinces, without Licence for that Purpose, and for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, " more effectually to prevent, during the present War between Great Britain and France, all Traitorous Correspondence with, or Aid or Aftiftance being given to His Majesty's Enemies," to the said United Provinces, and to the Persons exercising the Powers of Government therein, and also to the Persons, Territories, and Places under their Government. The present War.

BREAD. 38 Geo. 3. 62. 21 Time 1798. To empower Magistrates and Justices, in setting the Assize of Bread, to make an Allowance on Account of the additional Duty on Sait. During the Con tinuance of th< additional Duties on Salt.

See 38 Geo. 3.43.

SECURING and DETAINING TRAITORS. CONSPIRACY. 3s Geo. 3. 39 Geo,3- 39' - -39>4° 36. 5- 44. 20. 21 April 1798-9 Jan. 1799-20 May 1799. 28 Feb. To empower His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are con/piring against His Person and Government. N. B — -By this latter Act additional Powers are given to the Crown. 1 February 1801

SWITZER- LAND. HOLLAND. TRAITOROUS CORRESPOND- ENCE. 38 Geo. 3. 45- 10 May 1798. v — To prevent, during the War, Persons residing or being in Great Britain, from advancing Money or Effects for the Purchase, or on the Credit of Debts owing to any of the Governments in Switzerland, or any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Persons therein, without Licence for that Purpose f for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, more effectually to prevent, during the present War between Great Britain and France, all T raitorous Correspondence with, or Aid or Assistance being given to His Majesty's Enemies, to Switzerland; and also the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for preventing Money or Effects in the Hands of His Majesty's Subjects, belonging to ordifpofable by any Persons resident in France, being applied to the Use of the Persons exercising the Powers of Government in France, and for preserving the Property thereof for the Benefit of the individual Owners thereof, to the United Provinces, and to Switzerland, and to the Persons exercising the Powers of Government therein, and also to the Persons, Territories, and Places under their Government. The present War.

MILITIA. 38 Geo.3. $5. 21 June 1798. For augmenting the Number of Field Officers, and other Officers of Militia; and for making other Provisions concerning the Militia Forces of this Kingdom. The present War.

9 / ...: ' 1 1

For

41 Geo. III.

14° Novembris

847

ACTS subsequent to 8th April 1793. — continued.

i Matter. Date. Ch. Whtn paftd. Title of the Act. Duration.

LAND TAX Redemption. 38 Geo. 3. Time enlarj 39 & Sess. 2. 60. ed by 6. 10. 40. 43- For contracting in Scotland. 25 March. i8ot

39. 40 Geo. 3. 3°' 4 April 1800. For making Payments in England. 25 March. 1801

ISLE of MAN. 38 Geo. 3. t 63. 21 June 1798. For the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man; for improving the Revenue thereof; and for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling to and from the said Island. s July 1801

MILITIA. IRELAND. 38 Geo. 3. 39 - - -39~ - - Sess. 2. 39, 40, - 66. 5- 9- 5- 21 June 1798. ao Dec. 1798. 12Oft. 1799. 19 Feb. 1800. For empowering His Majesty, for a Time and to an Extent to be limited, to accept the Services of such Parts of His Militia Forces in this Kingdom, as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Ireland. t From 20 Feb. 1800, until Six Weeks after Commencement of the NEXT SESSION, viz. 22 December 1800

CINNAMON, CLOVES, NUTMEGS, MACE. EAST INDIES. 38 Geo. 3. 68. 21 June 1798. For regulating the Payments (until Two Months after the Commencement of the next SdTion of Parliament after the End of the present War) of the Duties on Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace, and for granting to His Majesty additional Duties thereon. The present War, and Two Months next after the Commencement of the NEXT SESSION after the END of the War.

MINERS. 38 Geo.3. 74- 21 June 1798. For raising a Body of Miners in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, for the Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War. The prefect War.

CONVOYS. EXPORTS. IMPORTS. 38 Geo. 3. 39 ‘ - ' 76. 95- 28 June 1798. For the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, and on the Tonnage of certain Ships entering Outwards or Inwards to or from Foreign Parts, until the signing the Preliminary Articles of Peace. N. A — Repealed at to tire Produce of Foreign. Colonies in America. I'he present War, and nodi the signing the Preliminary Articles of Peace. —

INTERCOURSE with FRANCE, &c. 38 Geo. 3. 79 28 June 1798. More effectually to prevent, during the War, Persons being His Majesty's Subjects, from voluntarily repairing to, or remaining in France, or any Country or Place united to France, or occupied by the Armies of France, and to prevent Cprrespondence with such Persons, and with His Majesty's Enemies. The present War.

LORD NELSON. 39 Geo. 3. I. 17 Dec. iy9S. For settling and securing a certain Annuity on Horatio Nellon, and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Baron Nelson of the Nile, and of Burnham Thorpe, in the County of Norfolk, shall defeend, in Consideration of the eminent Service performed by the said Horatio Nelson to His Majesty and the Public. The Life of Lord Nelson, and the Two next Persons to whom the Title shall defeend.

INCOME 39 Geo. 3. »3- 9 Jan. 1799. To repeal the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Until Purchase

TAX. 39> 40. - 22. 72. 109. Contribution for the Prosecution of the War, and to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income in lieu of the of Stock equal to the Stock created by any Loans specifi-

f. 10. 29 July 1800. said Duties. 1 1. N. B. — By 39 Geo. 3. c. 13. the Aid and Contribution Tax, 38 Geo. 3. c. 16. is repealed, and the Sums charged thereon, are transferred to the Income Tax. 2. N. 2?. — By 39 Geo. 3. C. 22. the above Act is amended, and the Time for returning Statements enlarged. Amended also by 39 Geo. 3.0. 72. cally charged on the Produce of this Tax.

10 G Ftfr

VOL. 55.

848 I40 Novembris. A. 1800.

1. ACTS subsequent to 8th April 1793. — continued.

Matter. Date. Ch. ! /. Title of the Act. Duration.

MILITIA and VOLUNTEERS 39 Geo. 3 I- 14- 9 Jan. ,799 For exempting, during the present War, certain Person: fervingin Volunteer Corps, from being bailotted foi the Supplementary Militia, under certain Conditions and for making out new Lists of Men liable to fervt in the said Militia. s r During the present War.

MARINE MUTINY. 39 40 Geo. 3 24. 10 March 1800. For the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Force: while on Shore. 5 25 March 1801

MUTINY. 39 4° Geo. 3 27. 25 March 1800. For punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the Letter Payment of the Army and their Quarters. 25 March &c. , 1801 &c.

PRINCES EDWARD and ERNEST. 39 Geo.3. 29. (21 March 1799. For enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity of Twelve Thousand Pounds on His Royal Highness Prince Edward; and a like Annuity of Twelve Thousand Pounds on His Royal Highness Prince Ernest Au-gustus, during His Majesty's Pleasure. The King's Pleasure.

MILITIA. VOLUNTEERS. ENGLAND. THE LIKE, SCOTLAND. 39 Geo. 3. and 39 35- 62. 10 May 1799. 21 June 799- For exempting, during the present War, Persons serving in Volunteer Corps and Associations, from being bailotted for the Militia, under certain Conditions. The present War.

INNKEEPERS. SOLDIERS. 39 40 Geo. 3. 39 16 May 1800. For increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers. 25 March 1801

SIR JAMES MARRIOTT. 39 Geo. 3. 58. 13 Junc 1799. To enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Sir James Marriott, Knight, late Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, in Consideration of his diligent and faithful Services in the Execution of that Office. The Life of Sir James Marriott.

RAW LINEN YARN. PRUSSIA. 39 GEO. 3. 61. 21 Junc 1799. To repeal the Duty granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament on Raw Linen Yarn, the Produce of the Territories of the King of Prussia, and imported directly from thence into this Kingdom; and for charging another Duty in lieu thereof. The Continuance of Stat. 38 Geo. 3. c. 76. viz. the present War, Sec.

CORN and PROVISIONS. 39 Geo. 3. 39,40- - 87. 58/ 12 July 1799- 30 June 1800. For enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and permit the Importation of Corn; and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision without Payment of Duty. From 30 June 1800, until Forty Days after Commencement of NEXT SESSION, viz. 20 December i8co

MILITIA CHARGE. - 39 40 Geo. 3. 37 J 16 May 1800. For defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, &c. 25 March 1801

MILITIA ALLOWANCES. n „ 0 0 75- ] 9 July 1800. For making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace. 25 March 1801

NAVAL STORES. 39 Geo. 3. III. 12 July 1799. To permit until, &c. the Importation of certain Naval Stores from Hamburgh and other Parts of Germany. 1 August 1802

NEUTRAL SHIPS. 39 Geo. 3. 39 Sess. 2. 39 40 - 112. 9- 7- f.4. 12 July 1799. 12 061:. 1799. 9 Feb. 1800. To enable His Majesty, by Orders in Council, to permit until Six Weeks, &c. such Goods as shall be specified in such Order, to be imported in Neutral Ships. From 20 Feb. s8oo, until 40 Days after Commencement of NEXT SESSION viz. 20 December 1800

For

41 Geo. III. i4° Novembris. 849

2. ACTS subsequent to 8th April 1793 — continued.

Matter. Date. CA. Pf^bett faffed. Title of the A3. Duration.

MILITIA NUMBERS. 39 Geo. 3. 106. f. 2. and f-39- 12 July 1799 For the Reduction of the Militia Forces, at the Time and in the Manner therein limited, &c. 1. N. Z?. — -Limited as to the Number of Men to serve in the Militia for England. 2. N. B. — Repealed as to so much as limits the Number to be disembodied 10 One-fourth of the Number of Men, 8cc. 39 Geo. 3. Sess. 2. c. i. / The War, and Six Months after the Con-elusion of a General Peace.

DISTILLERIES flopped. SCOTLAND. JgGco.j. Self. 2. 39. 4© - 7- 21. 12 Oft. 1799. 28 Feb. 1800. To prohibit until, &c. the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or any Bran, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland. 1 February 1801

SPIRITS. MELASSES. SUGAR. 39 Geo. 3. Sell. and 39» 4° . c. 8. 61. 12 Oft. 1799. 30 June 1800, For reducing until, &c. the Duties upon Spirits distilled from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith. t N. B. — Revived and continued from 1 June 1800. 1 July 1801

BREAD. 39, 40 Geo. 3. 39.40 - 18. 71 20 Feb. 1800. 9 July 1800. To prohibit until, &c. any Person or Persons from felling any Bread which shall not have been baked a certain Time j Exception (by c. 71.) as to Bread for Troops on their March. From 20 Feb. 1800, until Six Weeks after Commencement of NEXT SESSION, viz. 22 December 1800

INDEMNITY. 39> 4° Geo. 3. 19. 20 Feb. 1800. To indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been damped, have been lod or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly damped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants'and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose. 1 September. 6 November 25 December 1800

AMERICAN GOODS. NEUTRAL SHIPS. 39> 40 Geo. 3. 34- 1 May 1800. T 0 permit the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Countries in America, belonging to any Foreign European Sovereign or State, in Neutral Ships, until, &c. 29 September 1801

POOR. cn 5-8 To ON 40. 16 May 1800. To enlarge the Powers of the Directors and Guardians of the Poor within the feveal Hundreds, Towns, and Didrifts, in that Part of Great Britain called England, incorporated by divers Acts of Parliament, for the Purpose of the better Maintenance and Employment of the Poor, as to the Assessments to be made upon the l'everal Parishes, Hamlets, and Places therein mentioned, until, &c. 1 January 180a

MILITIA. ALLOWANCES to DISEMBODIED OFFICERS. 39.40 Geo. 3. p 44- 30 May 1800. For granting, until, &c. certain Allowances to Adjutants, Sejjeant Majors, and Serjeants of Militia, disembodied under an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to accept the Services of an additional Number of Vo-,( lunteers from the Militia, under certain Restrictions." 25 March 1801

You 55. To

850

A. 1800.

140 Novembris.

2. ACTS subsequent to 8th April 1793 — continued.

blatter. Date. Ch. 1 I'btn Title of the Att. Duration.

SUGARS. 39 4° Geo. 3. 48. 30 May 1800. ro repeal, &c. for reviving, &c. and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported, until, &c. Vide supra, 39 Geo. 3. Self. 2. c. 12. 10 May \ [801

SUGAR BEER. 39 40 Geo. 3. 62. 30 June . 1800. To allow for, &c. the Use of Sugar, in the Brewing of Beer. From jo Jane 1800, Tor Nine Months, i. e. 31 March i8ot

LINSEED. RAPE. NEUTRAL SHIPS. 39 40 Geo. 3. 64. 30 June 1800. For permitting the free Importation of Linseed Cakes and Rape Cakes in Neutral Ships. 1 January 1804

DISTILLERIES. 1 SCOTLAND. MELASSES. SUGAR. 39 40 Geo. 3. 73-f. 40. 9 Ju]y 1800. For repealing the Duties of Excise on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of British made Spirits from England to Scotland, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, &c. &c. Reduced Rate of Duty upon the Distillation of Spirits from Melasses or Sugar. 1 July 1801

Thames POLICE. 39 40 Geo. 3. 87. 28 July 1800. For the more effectual Prevention of Depredations on the River Thames, and in its Vicinity; and to amend an Act, made in the Second Year of His present Majesty; to prevent the committing of Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Bum Boats, and other Boats, upon the River Thames. 2j March 1807

DUTCH SftAMEN and SOLDIERS. 39 40 Geo. 3. 100. 28 July 1800. To authon2e His Majesty to grant Commissions to Natives of the Seven United Provinces, or of the Hereditary States of the Prince of Orange, to serve on Board certain Dutch Ships of War surrendered to His Majesty's Fleet, and in Regiments in the Pay of His Majesty; and to enable any of such Natives to enlist as Soldiers in such Regiments, under certain Restrictions. During the Agreements signed between the Prince of Orange and Lord Grenville; and from the End thereof to the End of the then NEXT SESSION. \

SWEDISH HERRINGS. 39 40 Geo. 3 107. 29 July 1800. To permit, until. See. the Importation of Swedish Herrings into Great Britain. From 29 July 1800 until Six Weeks after Commencement of NEXT SESSION j viz. 22 December 1800

Your Committee have, pursuant to the Orders of the House, made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred, and agreed upon this further Report:

Your Committee having already, in their First Report, laid before the House a Statement of all the Temporary Laws now in Force, which have been made from the Commencement of the Reign of King William the Third, to the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament proceed now to execute the rest of the Purposes for which they were appointed, by feledling the LIII of thol'e which more immediately require the Attention of Parliament in the present Session.

With this View, they have in the First Place prepared and annexed to this their Second Report, an Enumeration of all the Public General Laws which *

have expired within Twelve Months preceding the Commencement of the present Session. This Lift, by Retro spedt, includes all such as have expired since the nth of November 1799; omitting only the Annual Revenue Acts, and thol'e for regulating the Army, &c. which have been continued or replaced by subsequent Acts now in Force: And in this Lift the House will observe some which have been rendered unnecessary, by the Commercial Regulations established upon the Union between Great Britain and , and others

enacted on account of the high Price of Provisions, which have expired during the late Recess; it will also be remarked, that the Act for more effectually preventing Seditious Meetings and Assemblies has expired with the last Session of Parliament.

In

4 'Navembris: 85 t

41 Geo. HI.

In the Second Place, Your Committee have annexed an Enumeration of ail those Laws which are about to expire within Twelve Months subsequent to the Commencement of the present Session, or in the Course of the next Session, or at the End thereof; in which they have thought proper to include, prospectively, all which may expire upon or before the 31st of 1802. In this Lift, besides the Annual Revenue and Military Laws, there are also some which peculiarly concern the Safety of the State, and are about to expire very shortly unless continued: There are also some occasioned by the high Price of Provisions, and others concerning the Regulation of Trade, Navigation, and the Fisheries, which require very early Consideration; and l'ome very important Questions will present themselves for Difcullion, upon the Expiration of the Laws which concern the Police of the Metropolis, the Regulation of Aliens, and the present Modes of Punishment by Transportation, and Confinement in Penitentiary Houses.

In the Third Place, Your Committee have thought proper to subjoin an Enumeration of some Statutes whereof the Duration is temporary; but uncertain, depending upon contingent Circumstances; such as, the Continuance of Lives, the Laws of other Countries, Treaties with Foreign Powers, Hostilities, &c. conceiving it to be also necessary that some of these Statutes

should be brought under the View of the House, in or , der that it may be enabled more distinctly to foresee, and more readily to provide for any of the Exigencies which may arise upon their Termination; in this latter Lift, however, they have not thought it necessary to include several, which, although of a temporary and Contingent Duration, do not seem to require any special Notice; namely, such as have been made for the funding of particular Loans by Tontine, or the granting of personal Annuities for Public Services, Premiums" for Discoveries in Navigation, &c. &c. The House, however, will observe, that in this Lift there are not fewer than Fifty Laws which are to cease with the War, and that the Terms in which their Limitation is prescribed according to this Event, are nevertheless extremely difo ferent in different Acts.

Your Committee propose to report from Time to Time upon such of the several Laws herein after enumerated as concern Matters of ordinary Regulation in Revenue, Manufactures, and Commerce, and the ordinary Administration of Criminal and Civil Justice, so for as in their Opinion they are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual; leaving those' which provide for the Support and Discipline of the Army, and ' others which concern the higher Affairs of State, to the Notice ai)d Observation of the House itself.

I.

EX PIRED LAWS:

viz.

between iit< November 1799, and iith November t8oo»

% gg=g 1 1 T-ff Matter. Original Ail. Continuing Ail. duration.

HEMPf IRISH. 19 Geo. 3. c. 37. - 24th June - - - - 1800.

\ . CHINA WARE; EAST INDIA COMPANY [Enlarged Time of Drawback on Exportation.] 35 Geo. 3. c.98. — — Pive Years, from ill April 17951 viz. ift April - -- 1800.'

GRENADA and ST. VINCBNT'S. LOANS. 35 Geo. 3. c. 127. 39 Geo. 3. Sess. 2. c. 13. In Part, 5th January a 1860.

SEDITIOUS MEETINGS. 36 Geo. 3. c. 8. — — Three Years from 18 th December 1795, and End of next SeQion, i. t. 29th July - — r 1860. A

CAMBRICKS and LAWNS. 37 Geo. 3. c. 72. 39 Geo. 3. c. 27. 25th March - 1800;

Vol. 55 i#H (continued)

140 Novem,

A. 1800.

Matter. Original A El. Continuing Act. - - - -t- - Duration.

SAIL CLOTH and Ca\VAS. IRELAND. i 37 Geo. 3. c. 76. 39 Geo. 3. c. 26. 25th March . OO O O

PILCHARD Hogsheads. — 39 Geo. 3. c. 65. £ 3- — 1 ft June — "0- 18 co.

STARCH. 39 Geo. 3. Se/T. 2^ c. 8. f WNO 39, 40 Geo. 3. i c. 61. J — — 20th September - i8cq.

SUGARS. 39 Geo. 3. Se/T. 2. c. 12. . ift April ' si n n 5th May 1800.

INDEMNITY. 39, 40 Geo. 3. c. 19. In Part, ift September, 6th November - - - 1800.

WHEAT STARCH. 39, 40 Geo. 3. c. 25. — — ift October — - — 1800.

WHEAT. FLOUR, RICE. 39, 40 Geo. 3. c. 29. — — ift October — — i8co.

OATS. 39, 40 Geo. 3. c. 35. — — ift October - — - - 1800.

RYE. 39, 40 Geo. 3. c. 53. — — 15th October 1800.

HOPS. I 39, 40 Geo. 3. c. 82. ' 20th August > 1800.

RICE. ' J9, 40 Geo. 3. c. 91. — — 15th October - 1800.

II. EXPIRING

4i Geo. IIL

i 40 Novemb.

n.

EXPIRING LAWS:

vi

BETWEEN IIth NOVEMBER 17 99, AND ST JULY I 80-2.

a — e a pi i — f Matter. Original A5t. Continuing Act. Duration. V _

SUGARS. 12 Geo. 2. c. 30. 33 Geo. 3. c. 40. C 3- 29th September — 1799, and End of next Session. \:

LINENS, BRITISH and IRISH. YARNS, FOREIGN. 29 Geo. 2. c. 15. 39,40 Geo. 3. c.45. f. 2. 24th June - - - - 1801. — -

RUM and SPIRITS. 33 Geo. 2. c. 2&. f. 2. 29th September 1799, and End of next Session.

MALT> &c. 1 Geo. 3. c. 3. 39 Geo. 3. SelT. 2. c. 2. 24th June — - — j8or. ' ——

CORDAGE. 6 Geo. 3. c. 45. 36 Geo. 3 c. 108. Four Years from 18th May 1796, VI z. 18 th May — - 1800, and End of next Session.

LEATHER. 12 Geo. 3. c. 50. 36 Geo. 3. c. 40. f. 8. Five Years, i. e. 24th March - - 1801, ‘and End of next Session.

TOBACCO PIPE CLAY, 17 Geo. 3. c. 43. 38 Geo. 3. c. 35. f. 2. 24th June - — - - 1802. —

RUM, DRAWBACKS. 19 Geo. 3. c. 22. f.7. 36 Geo. 3. c. 40. £ 11. 5th July 1801, and End of next Session.

TRANSPORTATION, ENGLAND. FEN1TLNTIARY HOUSES. 19 Geo. 3. c. 74. 39 Geo. 3. c. 51. f. 1. % 25th March - — 1802. - -

Vol. 5$. ((ontinued)

t

8^4 14b Novembris. . 1800.

Matter Original jiff. Continuing jiff. Duration.

TRANSPORTATION, SCOTLAND. 25 Geo. 3. c. 46. 39 Geo. 3. 0. 51. f. 2. 25th March - - — 1802. W —

FISHERY; NEWFOUNDLAND. 26 Geo. 3. c. 26. 39, 40 Geo. 3. c. 45. f. 8. ift January - - - - 1802.

FISHERY} GREENLAND. 26 Geo. 3. c. 41. 39, 40 Geo. 3. c. 45 9 25th December - - 1801. — '

FISHERIES; BRITISH. 26 Geo. 3. c. 81. 39, 40 Geo. 3. c. 85. 5th April ----- 1801« ——

SPIRITS HYDROMETER. 27 Geo. 3. c. 31. f. 7. 38 Geo. 3. c. 35. f. 6. 1 ft June ----- 1801. —

POLICE OFFICES. 32 Geo. 3. c. 53. 36 Geo. 3. c. 75. Five Years from 14th May 1796, VIZ. 14th May - - - - 1801, and End of next Session *

ALIENS. 33 Geo. 3. c. 4. 37 Geo. 3. c. 92.1 38 Geo. 3. c. 50. / AND 1 38 Geo. 3. c. 77. J . ift August - - - 1800, and End of next Session.

ANTIGUA, PORT OF ST. JOHN. 33 Geo. 3. c. 50. f. 2. 37 Geo. 3. c. 99. f. 2. 10th July ----- 1801. ——

SHIPS; BURNING, DESTROYING, See. OBSTRUCTING SEAMEN and SHIP CARPENTERS'. 33 Geo. 3. c. 67. — — 24th June — - - 1800, and End of next Session.

FISHERIES; SOUTHERN WHALE. 3$ Geo. 3. c. 92. 37 Geo. 3. c. 121. 38 c. 57. 7 In Part to 131st December - - 1801. ——

GRENADA and SAINT VINCENT'S. LOANS. [Time of Re-payment enlarged.} <r 1 35 Geo. 3. c. 127.; 39 Geo. 3. SelT. 2. c. 13. In Part to 5th January - - — 1801 and 1802.

(t on turned)

4i Geo. III. 140 Nove. 855

Matter. Original Act. Continuing All. Duration.

CAPE. of GOOD HOPE. 37 Geo. 3. c. 21. 39,40 Geo. 3. c. 17. f-3- \ From 20th February 1800, UNTIL Forty Days after Commencement of next Session, yiz. 20th December - - 1800. ' *

SEDUCTION of ARMY and NAVY. Mutiny. 37 Geo. 3. c. 70. 39,40 Geo. 3. c. 16. From 20th February 1800, UNTIL Expiration of Six Weeks after Commencement of next Session, VIZ. 2 2d December - - 1800. - ——

LAND tax on OFFICES, &c. SUGAR, MALT, TOBACCO and SNUFF. 38 Geo. 3. c. 5. and 60. 39 Geo. 3- SeflT. 2. c. 3. f. 1. and f. 12. 25th March - — 1801. ——

SECURING and DETAINING TRAITORS. 38 Geo. 3. c. 36. 39,40 Geo. 3. C. 20. 1 ft February - - - 1801. ——

LAND TAX REDEMPTION. [Time for contrasting enlarged.] 38 Geo. 3. c. 63. 39 - " ' c- 40, 43. Revived with a Retrofpe# b 39,40 Geo. 3. c. 30. and continued. 25th March - - - - 1801. —

X ISLE of MAN. 38 Geo. 3. c. 63. — — 5th July ----- i8or. —

MILITIA. IRELAND. 38 Geo. 3. c. 66. 39,40 Geo. 3. c. 15. From 20th February 1800, UNTIL Six Weeks after Commencement of next Session, yjz. 2 2d. December - - 1800,

MARINE MUTINY . \ 39,40 Geo. 3. c. 24. — — 25th March - - - - 1801.

ARMY MUTINY. 39, 40 Geo. 3. c. 27. — — 25th March - - - 1801. ——

INNKEEPERS and SOLDIERS. 39,40 Geo. 3. c. 39. — . — 25th March - - - - % 1801» ——

Vol. J$. Jo I (continued)

14° Novembris

A. 1800

856

Matter, Original Att. Continuing Act. ' Duration.

CORN and PROVISIONS. .39 Geo. 3. c. 87. 39,40 Geo. 3. c. 58. From 30th June 1800, UNTIL Forty Days after Commencement of next Session, vis. 20th December - 1800.

MILITIA CHARGE. 39, 40 Geo. 3. c. 37. __ — 25th March - - - - 1801. ——

MILITIA ALLOWANCES. 39, 40 Geo. 3. c.75. 1 1 _ _ j 25th March - - - - 1801. ——

NEUTRAL SHIPS. 39 Geo. 3. c. n 2. 39,40 Geo. 3. c. 17. f.4. From 20th February 1800, UNTIL Forty Days after Commencement of next Session, 1 1 20th December — 1800.

INDEMNITY. 39, 40 Geo. 3. c. 19. — ' — In Part 25th December - - 1800. ——

DISTILLERIES Hopped in SCOTLAND. 39 Geo. 3. Seflf. a. c. 7. 39, 40 Geo. 3. c. 21, 1 ft February - — 1801. *

DISTILLERY from MELASSES, SUGAR, &c. 39 Geo. 3. Sess. 2. c. 8. 39>'40 Geo. 3. c. 61 . 1 ft July 1801. ——

BREAD. 39,40 Geo. 3. c. 18. — -c. 71. From 20th February, UNTIL Six Weeks after Commencement of next Seftion, i'll. 22d December- - 13 co. ——

AMERICAN GOODS; NEU TRAL SHIPS. 39, 40 Geo. 3. c. 34. 29th September - - 0 1801: ——

POOR. 39, 40 Geo. 3. c. 40. — — 1st January - - - - 1802.

(continued)

41 Geo. III. 140 Novembris. 857

Matter. Original Continuing Act. Duration.

MILITIA, DISEMBODiED, ALLOWANCES. 39, 40 Geo. 3. c. 44. — — 25 th March - - - - 1 801.

SUGAR. 39, 40 Geo. 3. c. 48. — — 25 th March - - - - 1801.

SUGAR, BEER. 39, 40 Geo. 3. c. 62. — _ From 30th June 1800, for Nine Months, e. 31st March- - - - i8or.

REDUCED DUTIES on SPIRITS didilied from MF.LASSES or SUGAR. SCOTLAND. 39, 40 Geo. 3. c. 73. f. 40. — — ift July 1801.

SWEDISH HERRINGS. 39, 40 Geo. 3. c. 107. — — From 29th July 1800, UNTIL Six Weeks after Commencement of next Session, nz. 2 2d December - - 1800.

III.

_ o

LAWS

WHEREOF THE DURATION DEPENDS UPON CONTINGENCIES.

Matter. Act. Duration.

The CIVIL LIST. 1 Geo. 3. c. 1. 17 Geo. 3. c. 21. Life of His Majesty.

HIS MAJESTY'S PERSON and GOVERNMENT. 36 Geo. 3. c. 7. Life of His Majesty. '

REGENCY. 5 Geo. 3. c. 27. Life of His Majesty and contingently afterwards.

Vol. 55. ' (continued.)

A\ 1806.

858 14° Novemb. 1806.

Matter. „ , IL I Jit. Duration.

BREAD ASSIZE. 38 Geo. 3. c. 62. Continuance of additional Duties on Salt.: - -

LINENS, COTTONS, &c. 23 Geo. 3. c. ai. \ 24 St. 2. c. 14. Continuance of Irish Acts of Parliament.

REGULATIONS of COMMERCIAL INTERCOURSE with AMERICA. 37 Geo. 3. c. 97. Continuance of Treaty with the United States of America *

DUTCH SEAMEN and SOLDIERS 39, 40 Geo. 3. c. loo. Continuance of the Agreement sign^d between the Prince of Orange and Lord Grenville, &c.

TRAITOROUS CORRESPONDENCE and INTERCOURSE. 33 Geo. 3. c. 27. 3$ 28. 38 45- 38 79- t ^N.B. Some of these Acts are to be in Force only u During the " War," Others, During the w War, and Two Months after tbt " Commencement of the next Stf-, u fan." Others, During the tTf J f . p I f

FRENCH PROPERTY. 34 Geo. 3. c. 9. 79-

PAYMENTS in CASH by the BANK of ENGLAND. 37 Geo. 3. c. 45. 37 c 9 38 — - - c. 1.

VOLUNTEER CORPS. 34 Geo. 3. c. 31. 39 - - - - c. 14. 39 - - - - c. 35. <29 - - - - c. 62.

MILITIA. 37 Geo. 3 3 37 - - - - 3» 37 io3 38 . 38 - - - - 7 38 - - - 55- 39 - - - 106. f. 2. and 39. War, 101/// m Ena of the k The present War with °the«, Dur- \ r \ in£ ^ar» Months f France, &c. &C# afterwards" Others,u Dur- €€ ing the War, and until signing M the Preliminary Articles of €t Peace" Others, w During the " War, and One Month after the €i Conclusion of a Definitive Treatj" Others, " During the u War, and Six Months after the Conclusion of a General Peeved *

PROVISIONAL CAVALRY. 37 Geo. 3. c. 6. 37 23. 37 139 3jj 51. . 38 - - - - 94. A". /?. In part repealed by 39 Geo. 3 c. 23.

MINERS. 38 Geo. 3. c. 74. 4

(continued.)

4i Geo. III.

14° Novembris.

8S9

Matter. At?.

EMIGRANT CORPS. 24 Geo. 3 c. 43 *

SEAMEN. 33 Geo. 3. c. 26. ^3 ----- 66. 38 109.

PRIZES. 33 Geo. 3. c. 34. 3.1 66‘ 38 - ic9.

CONVOYS, and EXPORT and IMPORT DUTIES. 38 Geo. 3. c. 76. See also 39 Geo. 3. c. 61. c. 95.

1 FOREIGN SHIPS and ALIEN MERCHANTS. 34 Geo. 3. c. 42. 37 c.63.

FRENCH ISLANDS PROVISIONED. . 34 Geo. 3. c. 71.

GUERNSEY, JERSEY, and ALDERNEY, PROVISIONED. 37 Geo. 3. c. 125. > 38 - - - c. 29.

GREENLAND and WHALE FISHERY. - 34 Geo. 3. c. 22.

SILK, ELAX, and FLAX SEED. 35 Geo. 3. c. xoo. 36 4- 37 8.

LEVANT TRADE. 37 Geo. 3. c. 84.

SALT, PORTUGAL. 38 Geo. 3. c. 25.

EAST INDIA COMPANY. 35 Geo. 3. c. 115.

EAST INDIA PRODUCE. 38 Geo. 3. c. 68. t

INVASION and DEFENCE. 38 Geo. 3. c. 27. — -1

Duration.

VOL. 55.

10 K

Ordered,

,yGoogl<

A. 1800.

1

Tiverton R acts Petition.

Further Report Expiring Laws#

860 140

Ordered, That the said Reports do lie upon the

Table.

Ordered, That the said Reports be p'rinted.

A Petit ion of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of theml'elves and other Trustees for executing the Acts hereunder mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending several Roads leading from the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon; and that another Act was passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to continue the said Act, and render the same more effectual, and for repairing and widening the lload from Bridge

Cross, near Bick/ey Bridge, to the Sign of the Swan, in the Town of Si/verten, and also the Road from Bick/ey Wood Cross to Ford Village Water, in the said County; and that the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Acts in Execution, and have made great Progress in amending, widening, and repairing the said several Roads, and for that Purpose have expended several considerable Sums of Money, which were borrowed, and are still owing, on the Credit of the said Acts; and that the said Sums of Money cannot be re-paid, nor the Roads effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, without the future Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, lor effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Ih^ll appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Richard Ryder, Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp, &c.: And they are to meet To-mor-

row Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Select Committee, appointed to enquire what Public General Laws have expired within Twelve Months preceding the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament; and also, what Laws are about to expire within Twelve Months subsequent to the Commencement of the present Session, or in the Course of the next Session^ or at the End thereof; and to report the fame, from Time to Time, to the House; with their Opinion which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual; and to whom the Report which, upon the 12th Day of May 1796, w'as made from the Committee who were appointed to inspect and consider all the Temporary Laws of a Public Nature expired or expiring, was referred; and who were instrucled to enquire and report to the House what Temporary Laws of a Public or General Nature which have been made by the Parliaments of England or Great Britain since the Commencement of the Reign of King liamthe Third, and prior to the present Session of Parliament, are now in force — distinguishing the Matter of each Statute — its Date — Title — and Period of Continuance; together with their Observations thereon; That the Committee had made a further Progress, and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for reducing, until " the First Day of June One thousand Eight hundred, " the Duties upon Spiiits distilled from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith; for prohibiting the 8 '

" Distillation of Spirits From Wheat or Wheat Flour;

" and for reducing, until the Twentieth Day of " tember One thousand Eight hundred, and better collecting, the Duties payable on the Importation of " Starch," as relates to the Duties upon Wort or Wash brewed or made from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, or to any Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, which was, by another Act of the last Session of Parliament, revived and continued until the First Day of July 1801, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enabling " His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and permit " the Importation of Corn, and for allowing the Impertation of other Articles of Provision without Payment of Duty, to continue in force until Six Weeks " after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament," which Act was further continued anci amended by Two Acts of the last Session of Parliament, until Forty Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,-That an Act, made in the' last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to allow, for Nine Months after " the passing of the Act, the Use of Sugar in the brewing of Beer," which Act wars to continue in force until the ill Day of April 1801, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prohibit, until the First Day of " March One thousand Eight hundred, the making of " Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or " other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or any " Bran, in that Part of Great Britain called ,"

which was, by another Act of the last Session of Parliament, further continued until the ill Day of February 1801, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The First and Fourth Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were postponed.

The Second and Third Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the Second and Third Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Acts mentioned in the First and Fourth of the said Resolutions, and which have been postponed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to to resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, Motio^foVa '" to consider of the Motion, made Yesterday, That a Supply. Supply be granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the fame.

Ordered,

41 Geo. III. 140 — 150 861

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Morning. Table.

Foreign Hops Mr. Rofepresented to the House, according to Or-preiuited tier, a Bill for suspending, for a Time to be limited, the Duties on Foreign Hops imported, and for charging other Duties in lieu thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time „ Tomorrow Morning.

Bill to profii- The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

Corn'fn^dH're ^ve tFeif into a Committee of the whole House,

tilling Spirits upon the Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited,

or making the Use of Corn in ditlilling of Spirits or making of Starch, deter- , or =>

red. Starch;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the £iid Committee.

Committee on The House, according to Order, refoived itfclfinto a bit the Epor- Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to pro-tationoiRice, hibit, for a Time to be limited, the ‘Exportation of Rice; and to indemnify all Persons who have been concerned in preventing the Exportation thereof, or in the Non-performance of any Contracts and Agreements that shall not have been performed in consequence thereof.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bra"gereported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the lloule will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Committee on The House, according to Order, refoived itself into a Bill to prohi- Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to au-tatiolTof^Pro-" ihorize His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation of Provisions. visions or Food, for a Time to be limited.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. /

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow. Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Committee on Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-ritsenteredt'or 'nS> resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Exportation, House, to consider of charging Duties on Home-made deterred. Spirits entered for Exportation when taken out of Warehouse for Home Consumption.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the p-.p to Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to bittiie Expor-prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of Rice; and to indemnify all Persons who have been concerned in preventing the Exportation thereof, or in the Non-performance of any Contracts and Agreements that shall not have been performed in consequence thereof, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrot led.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill Hull be then ingrossed.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Bill to pro-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to authorize His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation of of Proviiiuns, Provisions or Food, for a Time to be limited, was corn- reported, mitted, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he rtad the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be

then ingrossed.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion, made upon last. That a Supply be granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Report from Committee on the Motion for a Supply-

Committee of Supply appointed.

Efti mates, ordered:

Sab baity 150 die Novembris;

Anno 41 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1800. Prayers.

Leicester A PETITION of the Debtors now confined Pri-Debtors Peti- foners in the Town and County Gaols of Leicef-

tlun‘ ter for Debt, was presented to the House, and read;

Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief. Vol

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Or- ordinary and dinary and Extraordinary of the Navy for Three Lunar ExtraoiNavy. Months, commencing the iftDay of January 1S01, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Transport Transport Service, and of the Maintenance of Prisoners Service, &c. of War in Health, for Three Lunar Months, commencing the ill Day of January 1801, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of Sick sick Prisoner Prisoners of War for Three Lunar Months, commenc- ot 'Var ing the ift Day of January iSoi, be laid before this House.

Ordered,

Oturds and G-irrilons.

Ordnance *

Mifcel!?.ncous

fccrvicts.

Kill mate of Navy Debt, ordered.

Motion for Account of Income Tax. Neg.

Foreign Hops Duty Fill, committed.

Fill to prohibit the Ui'e of Corn in distilling Spirits or making Starch, deferred.

Committee on Duties on Spirits entered for Exportation.

E trley Malting Kill, ordered.

862 150 — 170 Novembris. A. 1800.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, from the 25th Day of December 1800 to the 24th Day of March 1801, both inclusive, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimatc of the Charge of the Office of Ordanee for Land Service, for the Months of January, February, and March, 1801, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Sum which may be wanted for Miscellaneous Services, for the Months of January, February, and A larch 1801, be laid before th is Houtc.

Resolved, That an humble Address be' presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House the said Estimates.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House an F.ftimate of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy on the 30th September 1800.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That there be laid before this. House, an Account of the Amount of the Tax upon Income for the Year ending the 5th of April 1801, as far as the same can be estimated; distinguishing the Assessments by the Commercial Commissioners;

It passed in the Negative.

A Bill for suspending, for a Time to be limited, the Duties on Foreign Hops imported, and for charging other Duties in lieu thereof, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to refove itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Ul'e of Corn in distilling of Spirits or making of Starch;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of charging Duties on Home-made Spirits entered for Exportation when taken out of Warehouse for Home Con-fu nipt ion;

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for shortening the Time of keeping in Steep for Malting, Barley damaged by Rain in the late Harvest: And that Mr. R'fe, Mr. Long, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Luna7, 17® die Novembris;

Anno 410 Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1800.

Prayers.

MR. Bitrrozv presented to the House, according to Schroder's

Order, a Bill for naturalizing Frederick pre *

Schroder: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Cartwright presented to the House, according Towcester to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Towccfler, through Silverjlonand Brackley, in the County of

Northampton, and Ardley and Middleton Gate, in the Parish of Weston on the Green, in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are cirencester thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Exe- and Cncklade cution Two-Adls, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the QA eutujn Reign of King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Cirencester, in the County of Glov.cester, to Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed, which still remains due, and cannot be re-paid, and the said Road kept in Repair for the future, unless the Term of the said Act, which is near expiring, be continued, and the Powers enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it. shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Metcalfe, of Abingdon, Mr.

Burrow, &c .: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in His winchester Majesty's County Prison at Wincheflwas presented ^^01S f>etl" to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress i and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir John William Anderson presented to the House, Engitro'm's according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Hans Peter p‘e:

Engflro'm: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John William Anderson presented to the House, dementi's according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Cle- prc *

menti: And the same was received , and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr.

Weltjc's Nat. Bill, presented.

Estimate of Navy Debt, p relented.

Answer to Address.

41 Geo. III. 170 Novembris. 863

Mr. Anncjley presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for naturalizing W: And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Tweedy (from the Navy Office) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy, on the Heads thereafter mentioned, as it flood on the 30th September 1800.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Estimate is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. William Dundas reported to the House, That their Address of Saturday last (that His Majesty would

be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, that the Estimates therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He wiil give Directions accordingly.

Mr. William Eliot presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Estimate of the Ordinary and Extraordinary Charge of His Majesty's Navy for Three Lunar Months, commencing the tft of January i8or: And also,"

An Estimate of the Charge of the Transport Service, and of the Maintenance of Prisoners of War in Health, at Home and Abroad, for Three Lunar Months, commencing the 1 ft of January 1801: And also.

An Estimate of what Money may be wanted for the Maintenance, See. of Sick Prisoners of War for Three Lunar Months, commencing thp ill of January 1801. And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

Navy Office, 7 An ESTIMATE of the Ordinary and Extraordinary Charge of His Majesty's 14th November 1800. y Navy for Three Lunar Months, commencing the ift January 1801.

For the Ordinary For the Extraordinary £ d. 205.000 200.000

405,000 *

The Total of the Ordinary and Extraordinary Charge of His Majesty's Navy for Three Lunar Months, commencing ift January 1801, amounts to Four Hundred and Five Thousand Pounds.

A. S. Hamond. C. Hope. J. HenJIovj. S. Gambier; Geo.

Transport Office, 7 An ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Transport Service, and of the Maintenance 13th November 1800. 3 of Prisoners of War in Health at Home and Abroad, for Three Lunar Months, commencing the ift of January 1801.

For the Service of Transports ——

For the Service of Prisoners of War in Health, at Home and Abroad

340.000 -

135.000 -

475,000 ——

Rup' George.

Office for Sick and Wounded Seamen,

15 th November 1800.

An ESTIMATE of what Money may be wanted for the Maintenance, &c. of Sick Prisoners of War,

for Three Lunar Months, commencing the ift January 1801.

' 1 £ 35,0°°. ' -

Sum Total is Thirty-five Thousand Pounds.

Ja. Johnston. Gil. Blane. Jn. Harness.

Vol. 55. 10 L

Estimates, presented:

Ordinary and ExtraofNuvy.

Tnnsport Service, &c.

Sick Prisonerfi of War.

Papers resetting Wi.eat, &x»

prerented *

Wheat, kc. Bounty Bill, Committed.

864

170 Novembris

A. i8op<

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Ryder presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

N' I. A Statement of the Prices of Middling Wheat per Quarter, according to the Measure; also

of the Quantities of all Grain exported, with the - Bounties paid thereon, and of the Quantities of all Grain imported in each Year, from the Year 1697 to the Year 1799, both Years inclusive, divided into Periods; with an Account of the Excess of the Exports and Imports on an Average in each Period: And also,

N 2. An Account of the Quantity of Foreign Wheat and Wheat Flour which has been imported into Great Britain, from the 26th September 1799 to the 26th September 1S00; distinguishing England from Scotland, and the Port of London trom the Out Ports; and distinguishing the several Quantities so imported Monthly, with the Prices of British Wheat per Quarter in England, Weekly, according to Mr. Ta-

bles, and the Prices of Wheat per Quarter in Scotland, Monthly, according to the said Tables: And also,

N° 3. An Account of the Average Price of the several Sorts of Grain and Oatmeal for England, from the 28th of September 1799 to the 27th of September 1800; distinguishing the Price of each Week, Month, Quarter, and of the whole Year: And also,

N° 4. An Account of the Average Price of the several Sorts of Grain and Oatmeal for Scotland, from the 14th September 1799 to the 13th September 1800; distinguishing the Price of each Month, Quarter, and of the whole Year: And also,

N° 5. An Account of the Quantity of Wheat and Wheaten Flour which has been carried Coastwise from the Port of London in thelaftTen Years, and down to the present Time; distinguishing each Year: And also,

N 6. An Account of the Quantity, of Wheat and Wheaten Flour which has been brought Coastwise into the Port of London, in the last Ten Years, and down-to the present Time; distinguishing each Year: And also,

N° 7. An Account of the Quantity of Foreign Grain, of all Sorts, Potatoes, and faked Provisions, imported into the several Ports of England since the opening of the Ports on the 26th of September 1799, to the 27th of

September 1S00; distinguishing the Quantity imported info each of the Ports respectively, and the Quantity imported in each Quarter, and from what Countries the la/ne have been imported: And also,

N° 8. An Account of the Quantity of Foreign Grain, of all Softs, imported into the several Ports of Scotland from the opening of the Ports on the 26th September 1799, to the 27th September1800; distinguishing the Quantity imported into each of the Ports respectively, and the Quantity imported in each Quarter; and distinguishing also the Countries from whence the same was imported: And also,

N° 9. An Account of the Quantity of Potatoes, and salted Provisions, imported into the several Ports of Scotland from the opening of the Ports on the 26th September 1799, to the 27th September 1800; distinguishing the Quantity imported into each of the Ports TefpcCtively, and the Quantity imported in each Quarter; and distinguishing also the Countries from whence the same have been imported.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for granting Bounties on the Impor-

tation of Wrhcat, Barley, Rye, and Oats, and Wheaten Flour, and Rice, for a Time to be limited, be rtdw read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed so a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon' IVeduefday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Capital' Bur- Petition of gestes, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Stafford, was staffordre of presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That spe£ting the the Paternal Care of our Sovereign having called Parlia- provisions of ment together for the express Purpose of taking into Consideration the Distresses of His People, the Petitioners beg Leave to lay before the House the Share which they bear in the general Calamity; they view with a just Abhorrence every Effort that may be made to wrest the Execution of the Laws from those Hands to which the Government has confided it; and they pledge themselves to refill to the utmost of their Power every Tendency to popular Commotion: But,- whilst they lament the unruly Efforts of a few misguided Individuals, they feel themselves called upon to bear their unequivocal Testimony to the general Loyalty of the People, their Attachment to the Person of our Sovereign, and the Happiness which they enjoy under-our excellent Constitution: The Petitioners might appeal to their peaceable and orderly Demeanour during the last Winter, when their Sufferings were extreme from the Pressure of Want and the Severity of the Season: Not merely the lower Orders of the People, but those above them, contemplated with an anxious Eye the Approach of a Harvest which seemed calculated to diminish, or do away, the Difficulties under which they laboured; but they have found themselves disappointed in every Expectation, and the Comforts which they had anticipated, and actually began to feel, have suddenly and unaccountably ended in a grievous Delusion; a Crop avowedly productive, and Seasons unprecedently favourable, have brought to them no Relief: They are left to lament the Horrors of Death in the Midfir of Plenty, and they deem it worthy the Investigation of Parliament, to- ascertain whether the Machinations of interested Individuals may not have contributed to frustrate the benignant Dispensations of Providence:

An Idea so novel in its Kind, as apparent Plenty and Prices enormously high, calls loudly on those whopoflels the Power so repress an Evil so malignant in its Aspect, and so fatal in its Consequences: Under the Pressure, therefore, of Distresses complicated in their Nature, and alarming in their Magnitude, the Petitioners humbly submit themselves to the Wisdom of Parliament, and they do it under the full Conviction, that the Tranquility and Prosperity of the Country are deeply involved in the Interposition^and immediate Efficacy of their Exertions.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider of the present high Price of Provisions.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order,. reported from the Report on Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred ^tu.t e„t""e4P‘ to consider of charging Duties on Home-made Spirits tbr Exporu-entered for Exportation when taken out of Warehouse tion-for Home Consumption, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: W'here the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be charged a Duty of Eighty-seven Pounds and Ten Shillings upon every Tun, Wine Mca-

sure.

Committee on Importation of Corn, See. deferred.

Committee on certain Expiring Laws.

Committee of Supply.

41 Gjeo. lit.

i 70 Novemb

sure, of British Spirits, which shall have been made in Great Britain before a limited Time, from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Corn or Grain, or from M^al, Flour; or Bran, or mixed with Melasses, and deposited in any Warehouse for Exportation when taken out of Ware-house for Home Consumption.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Use of Corn in distilling of Spirits or making of Starch, is committed. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bilb pursuant to the said Resolution.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ta consider further of encouraging the Importation of Corn and other Grain, Meal, and Flour;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved inself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of several Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to reducing the Duties upon Wort or Wash brewed or made from Melafl'es or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, or to any Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits; and to the prohibiting the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, and certain other Articles, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bra % ge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Braoge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this will, upon Morning

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Estimates p'-e-, suant to their Address to His Majesty, iein<'. *

Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and Guards and other His Majesty's Land Forces, in Britain, Gamlon:"

Jerfej, Guernsey, and Alderney, from the 25th of ber 1800 to the 24th of Marchl8ox, both inclusive, being 90 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty Forces in the Forces in die Plantations, &c. including those serving in Portugal, P^nuuons, at Gibraltar, and in the Mediterranean; those stationed at The Cape of Good Hope , and a Cotps of Foot in New South Wales, from the 25th of December 1S00 to the 24th of March 1801, both inclusive, being 90 Days.

Mr. Secretary at War also. presented to the House; by His Majesty's Command,

Estimate of the Charge of Recruiting and Contin- Recruiting gencies for His Majesty's Land Forces, of Forage for the Cavalry in Barracks in Great Britain, and of Extra Feed for those in Quarters, from the 25th of December 1800 to the 24th of March. 1801, both inclusive, being 90 Day s; And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Militia of Embodied Great Britain, of the Royal Corps of Miners of Corn- Ml ma'&c *

wall and Devon, and of several Corps of Fencible Infantry, from the 25th of December 1800 to the 24th of March iSoi, both inclusive, being 90 Days: AncT also,

Estimate of the Charge of Volunteer Corps of Cavalry and Infantry in Great Britain, from 25th December 1800 to 24th March 1801, both inclusive, being 90 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on keepers." quartering Soldiers, and of the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, in lieu of Small Beer, from the 25th of December 1800 to the 24th of March 1801, both inclusive, being 90 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Expences expeefted to Bamck D«. be incurred in the Barrack Matter General's Depart- partl"1''1't‘ ment, from 25th December 1800 to 24th March 1801, both inclusive, being 90 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Foreign Corps in the Ser- Foreign vice of Great Britain, from 25th December 1800 to 24th Corp '

March 1801, both inclusive, being 90 Days.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as folio We th; viz.

4

VOL. 55.

ESTIMATE

866

170 Novembris.

A. 1800.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons and other His Majesty's Land Forces in Great,

Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney; from the 25th of December 1800 to the 24th of Delarch iSox, both

inclusive, being 90 Days.

Numbers. x. Charge for 90 Days *

Two Regiments of Life Guards r - - - , -Royal Regiment of Horse Guards - Twenty-two Regiments of Dragoon Guards, Dragoons, and the Royal Waggon Train - - - -Three Regiments of Foot Guards -Twenty three Battalions and Corps of Foot Fifty-four Independent Companies of Invalids -Garrisons ----- ---- 7°3 567 19,496 x 1,792 19,«71 5 797 302 £ s. d. 16,236 10,480 257>583 89,328 145,078 — — 35,958 7 392

Total . 58,528 £.562,055 — —

War Office, 15th November 1800. IV. Windham.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, &c. including those serving in Portugal y at Gibraltar, and in the Mediterranean; those stationed at The Cape of Good Hope; and a Corpfs of Foot in Nezv South Wales; from the 25th of December 1800 to the 24th of March 1801, both inclusive, being 90 Days. L -

Numbes. Charge for 90 Days.

Four Regiments and One Troop of Dragoons -Sixty-five Battalions and Corps of Foot -Garrisons in North America and the West Indies -Garrii'on of Gibraltar - - - - -General and Staff Officers and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with His Majesty's Forces in North America and the West Indies, in Portugal, at , in the Mediterranean, and at The Cape of Good Hope ----- 2,815 62,712 £ s‘ d. 33,312 44i>556 2>255 935 23,428

Total - 65>52 7 £. 501,486

War Office, 15th November 1800.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty's Land Forces; of Forage for the Cavalry in Barracks in Great Britain; and of Extra Feed for those in Quarters; from the 25th of December 1800 to the 24th of March 1801, both inclusive, being 90 Days.

Charge for 90 Days. '

For Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty's Land Forces, £

upon Account - - - 37,5°°

For Forage for the Cavalry in Barracks in Great , upon Account For Extra Feed for the Cavalry in Quarters, upon Account 50,000 — —

40,000

Total - - £ 127,500

War Office,

15th November 1800.

W. Windham,

ESTIMATE

4i Geo. III.

17° Novembr

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Embodied Militia of Great Britain', of the Royal Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon-, and of several Corps of Fencible Infantry j from the 25 th of December i8»o to the 24th of March 1801, both inclusive, being 90 Days.

i Numbers. Charge for 90 Days.

Embodied Militia of South Britain - - ' Ditto - - - of North Britain - - -Royal Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon - - Fencible Infantry ----- --- For the Allowance to Paymasters - 39<4°4 6,026 63 3 8>775 £ r. d. 265,700 — r 38,170 4,180 — 62,300 4,000 — —

Total - 54»838 £-374.35°

War Office, 1 cth November 1800. W. Windham.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Volunteer Corps of Cavalry and Infantry in from 25th December 1800 to 24th March 1801, both inclusive, being 90 Days.

Charge for 90 Days.

For the Volunteer Corps of Cavalry, upon Account For the Volunteer Corps of Infantry, upon Account m £ Sm d. 20,000 125,000

Total - £. 145,000

War Office, 15th November 1800. W. Windham. ♦

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers; and of the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, in lieu of Small Beer; from the 25th of December 1800 to the 24th of March 1801, both inclusive, being 90 Days.

Charge for 90 Days.

For the increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and £. s. d.

others, upon Account - -- -- -For the Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and 75,000

Private Men of His Majesty's Forces in Great Britain, in lieu of Small Beer, upon Account ----- -- 35,000

Total - xxt — £. 110,000 — —

War Office, icth November 1800.

Windham.

Vo l. 55 *

10 M ESTIMATE

lOOQte

Estimate presented:

868 170 Novemlris. A. 1800.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Expences expected to be incurred in the Barrack Mailer General's Department, from 25th December 1800 to 24th March 1801, both inclusive, being 90 Days.

T-7

For Coals and Candles ——

Bedding and Furniture -

Expenditure of Barrack Mailers, for Stores, Salaries. &c. - -

Rent of Barracks ——

Lodging Money for Officers ——

Allowance to Governors, in lieu of the Advantages formerly arising from the Issue of Stores ——

Establishment of the Barrack Office, &c. - -

Regimental Hospitals ——

Buildings, Alterations, and Repairs -

Fees to be paid at the War Office ——

Charge for 90 Day.

£> r.

29.000 ——

25.000 ——

15.000 ——

12.000 — - —

9.000 ——

1,200 ——

4.000 ——

18.000 ——

55,729 ——

2,271 ——

Total

171,200 ——

War Office, 15th 'November 1800.

gesn===; 1 = -f rssmxBm=axa333tBTsaBSBBTBa =s rsmamiesis m e m ,w r v 1 aCTt=r

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Foreign Corps in the Service of Great ,from 25th December 280a

to 24th March 1801, both inclusive, being 90 Days.

Numbers. Charge for 90 Days.

For Foreign Corps in the Service of Great Britain, upon Account - - 17,976 £. 150,000 — —

War Office,

15th November 1800. Windham.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the An Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ord- Ordnance. Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. nance, for the Months of , and

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said March, 1801 — Land Service: And also,

Estimates be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use An Estimate of the Sum which may be wanted for Mifcdiane-of the Members of the House. Miscellaneous Services, for the Months of January, Fe- ous-Servlcev

bruary, and March, 1801.

Mr. Long presented to the House, pursuant to their And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

Address to His Majesty, The said Estimates are as followeth -, viz.

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Months of January, February, and

March, 1801.

LAND SERVICE.

Ordinary - - - £ 117,000 —

Extraordinary - - - 340,000 £

Office of Ordnance, Ross. M. S. 457,000 <T. Baillie,

15th November 1800 An

4i Geo. III. 17° — ! 8° .

An ESTIMATE of the Sum which may be wanted for Miscellaneous Services, for the Months of

January, February, and March, 1801.

For Foreign Secret Service - - - - -French Clergy and Laity, and American Loyalists -Maintenance of Convicts at Home - - ] £ 35.000 > 60.000 — — 8,000

1 £. 103,000

Amounting in the Whole to the Sum of One Hundred and Three Thousand Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,

15th November 1800. Ckarles Long.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Kice, passed.

The Bill (now ingrafted) to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of Rice; and to indemnify all Persons who have been concerned in preventing the Exportation thereof, or in the Non-performance of any Contrafts and Agreements that shall not have been performed in Consequence thereof, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to prohibit, until the First Day of November One thousand Eight hundred and One, the Exportation of Rice; and to indemnify all Persons who have been concerned in preventing the Exportation, thereof, or in the Non-performance of any Contracts and Agreements that shall not have been performed in Consequence thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Kill torrohi- The Bill (now ingrafted) to authorize His Majesty tation'of^ro-" to prohibit the Exportation of Provisions or Food, for iiion , paired, a Time to be limited, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to authorize His Majesty, from Time to Time, to prohibit the Exportation of Provisions or Food.

Ordered, That Mr. Brugge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Martis, 18° die Novembris;

Anno 41 Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1800.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Prisoners for Debt in His Worcester, Majesty's Gaol of the City of Worcester: And ^^and °X"

also, Warwick

A Petition of the Debtors confined in the Common Debtors Gaol of the County of Denbigh, at: And also, eUUon! *

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Castle of the County of Oxford: And also,

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty's County Gaol of Warwick;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the poor Relief Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Ma- BlU» ordered, jesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Relief and " Employment of the Poor," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act: And that Sir Mordaunt and Mr. Dickinson, Junior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Forel^^Hopi The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Duty Bill. 1 whole House, upon the Bill for suspending, for a Time to be limited, the Duties on Foreign Hops imported, and for charging other Duties in lieu thereof.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 55.

Mr. Metcalfe, of Abingdon, reported from the Com- cirencester mittee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, and Crickiade whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees t;" re tu for putting in Execution Two Acts, pasted in the ported. Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Cirencester, in the' County of Gloucester, to Crick-lade, in the County of Wilts, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that' the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, was read: And,

Mr. Samuel Bonfield Lediard being examined, said,

That a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed upon the Credit of the said Act, which still remains

due.

Member added ro bring in Arlingham Inclosure Bill.

The Lords deiirc

Mr. Villiers may attend a Select Committee there.

The House nill lend an Answer.

Arlingham Inclosure Bill, presented.

Report from Committee on certain Kx piring Laws.

870 18 Novembris.A 1800.

due, and cannot be re-paid, and the said Road kept in Repair for the future, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and the Powers enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-fim Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from in the County of Gloucester, to Cricklade, in the County of Wilts: And that Mr. Metcalfe, of Abingdon, Sir Robert , and

Mr. Alderman Curtis, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Dame Dorothy Mill, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners, Proprietors of, and Persons interested in the Lands, Grounds, and Tythes, within the Parish of Arlingham, in the County of Gloucester.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr.

Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That the Lords do desire that this House will give Leave to the Honourable George Villiers, a Member of this House, to attend their Lordships Tomorrow, in order to be examined as a Witness before the Select Committee appointed by their Lordships to take into Consideration to much of His Majesty's Speech as relates to the Dearth of Provisions.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will fend an Answer to the said Message by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were again called in j and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then they again withdrew.

Mr. Bragge presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Waste Grounds, and aim the Open Fields and Meadows, and Commonable and Intermixed Lands, within the Parish of Arlingham, in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of several Acts, made in the . last Session of Parliament, as relates to reducing the Duties upon Wort or Wash brewed or made from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, or to any Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits; and to the prohibiting the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, and certain other Articles, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for reducing, until " the First Day of June One thousand Eight hundred, " the Duties upon Spirits distilled from Melasses or " Sugar, or any Mixture therewith; for prohibiting " the Distillation of Spirits from Wheat or Wheat " Flour; and for reducing, until the Twentieth Day " of September One thousand Eight hundred, and bet-

tercollecting, the Duties payable on the Importation " of Starch," as relates to the Duties upon Wort or Wash brewed or made from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, or to any Distiller or Distillers,' or Maker or Makers of Spirits, which was, by another Act of the last Session of Parliament, revived and continued, until the 1 ft Day of July 1801, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prohibit, until the First Day of " March One thousand Eight hundred, the making of " Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or " other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or " any Bran, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland," which was, by another Act of the last Session of Parliament, further continued until the ift Day of February 1801, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Second and Third of the Resolutions, which upon Friday last were reported from the Select Committee appointed to enquire what Public General Laws have expired within Twelve Months preceding the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament; and also, what Laws are about to expire within Twelve Months subsequent to the Commencement of the present Session, or in the Course of the next Session, or at the End thereof; and to report the fame, from Time to Time, to the House, with their Opinion which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual; and were then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Resolutions now reported, and agreed to by the House.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted t6 His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read} and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That One Hundred and Twenty Thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service for Three Lunar Months, commencing the i ft Day of January 1801, including Twenty-two Thousand Six Hundred and Ninety-six Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six Hundred and Sixty-six Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for Wages for the said One Hundred and Twenty Thousand Men, for Three Lunar Months, commencing the ift Day of January 1801, at the Rate of One Pound Seventeen Shillings per Man per Month.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six Hundred and Eighty-four Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for Victuals for the said One Hundred and Twenty Thousand Men, for Three Lunar Months, commencing the ift Day of January 1801, at the Rate of One Pound Eighteen Shillings per Man per Month.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Million and Eighty Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Wear and Tear of the Ships in which the said One Hundred and Twenty Thousand Men are to serve, for Three Lunar Months, commencing the ift Day of January 1801, at the Rate of Three Pounds per Man per Month.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ninety Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for Ordnance for Sea Service on board the Ships in which the said One Hundred and Twenty Thousand Men are to serve, for Three Lunar Months, commencing the ift Day of January 1801, at the Rate of Five Shillings per Man per Month.

Report Sup *

ply.

Seamen *

Wages for D°.

Victuals for D°.

Wear and . Tear of Ships.

Ordnance for Sea Service *

iTommittee of Ways'anti Wans appointed.

Fofeign Hops Duty Bill, reported.

Papers to be printed.

Accounts ordered:

/Gold coined.

Pounds of Meat D.

41 Geo. III.

i 8° Novemhris *

871

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Time, were, upon the Question severally put there- Copies and Extracts of certain Letters and Papers rela-upon, agreed to by the House. tive to a Convention for the Evacuation of Egypt by the French Army, and which Questions pafl'ed in the Resolved, That this House will, To-motrow Morning, Negative, might be read, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to And the same being read accordingly;

consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply A Motion was made, and the Question was progranted to His Majesty. posed, That an humble Address be presented to His

Withdraw lli

Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Letter of the Commander in Chief in the Mediterranean to General , in his Letter, dated the 10th Foreign Hops imported, and for charging other Duties April 1860, to the of The Porte, in

in lieu thereof, was committed, the Amendments which the Appendix (C.) of the late Correspondence between the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they His Majesty's Ministers and the French Government.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported From the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for lufpending, for a Time to be limited, the Duties on

had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. t

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That such a Nutnber of Copies of the several Papers which were Yesterday presented to the House by Mr. Ryder, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Life of the Members of the House.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Motion was niade, and the Question being put. That an hunible Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Letters from the Commander in Chief in the Mediterranean to General Kleber j

The House divided.

The Yeas Went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {^ . *

Neg.

Tellers for the Noes,( So it passed in the Negative.

12.

80.

Grain, fcc. |mrdwfed by the Victualling Office.

The Hotife prbceeded to take into Consideration the Message from the Lords of this Day, wherein their Lordships desire, that this House will give Leave that the Honourable George Villiers, a Member of this House,

may attend the Select Committee of the Lords, referred to in their Lordships said Message.

And the said Message was read.

And Mr. Villiers, being present, flood up in his Place, and declared that he was willing, with the Leave of the House, to go to the House of Lords, as is desired by

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, ah Account of the Quantity of Gold coined at His Majesty's Mint, from Michaelmas 1796 to the present Time, distinguishing the Quantity coined in each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Grain, Meal, and Flour, which has been purchased on Account of His Majesty's Government, by the Victualling Office, from the Commencement of the War to the present Period; specify- their Lordships in the said Message. ing the Quantities purchased in each Year, and also the Resolved, That the Honourable George Villiers, a Average Prices in each Year, at which such Purchases Member of this House, have Leave to go to the Lords, were made. as is desired by their Lordships in their laid Message,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an if he thinks fit.

Account of the Number of Pounds of Meat purchased Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to on Account of His Majesty's Government by the Vic- acquaint them, that this House hath given Leave to tualling Office, from the Commencement of the War the# Honourable George Pilliers, a Member of this House, to the present Period; specifying the Number of to go to the House of Lords, as is desired by their Pounds purchased in each Year, and also the Average Lordships in their Message of this Day, if he thinks fit. Prices in each Year, at which such Purchases Were Ordered, That Mf. Bragge do carry the said Message;

Leave pi ten

Mr. Villiers i9 attend a Select Committee of the Lords;

Men raised for Army and Navy.

Men discharged from D°.

len killed in Action, &c.

Men serving in Army and Navy.

made.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Men who have been raised for the Service of the Army and Navy, from the Commencement of the War to the present Period.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House,- an Account of the Number of Men discharged from the Service of the Army and Navy on Account of Wounds or bodily Infirmity, from the Commencement of the War to the present Period.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Men who have been killed in Action, or who have died on Service in the Army and Navy, from the Commencement of the War to the present Period.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Men actually serving in the Army and Navy, according to the latest Returns *

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited,-the tjfe of Corn in distilling of Spirits, or making of Starch.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of encouraging the Importation of Corn and other Grain, Meal, and Flour.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Bill to prohibit the Use of Com in distilling Spirits or making Starch, dder red.

Committee on Importation of Com, deferred

Mhtions re la- The House was moved, That the Entries in the Jour- Evacuation of na^ House, of the 23d Day of July, in the last

Egypt. Session of Parliament, of the several Motions made, and Questions proposed, for Addresses to be presented to His Majesty, that He would be graciously pleased to VOL. 55.

10 N

Merwii,

kj.

873

if Novem.

1800.

Kind's Bench Debtors Petition.

Sunning Roads Petition, reported.

Parliament

BuilditigsBiil,

ordered.

Barley Malting Bill, presented.

P<v>r Relief B>11, pre 1'ent-cd.

Mercurii, 190 die Novembris \

Anno 410 Georgii III"1 Regis, 1S00.

PRA YERS.

A PETITION of the Prisoners confined for Debt in His Majesty's Prison of The Kings Bench, was presented to the House, and read; ^Complaining of their Difirefs, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Golding reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two several Acts, the one passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called The Old Gallows, in the Parish of Sunning, in the County of Berks, through Wokingham, New and Sunning Hill, to Virginia in the Pari 111 of

Egham, in the County of Surrey, and the other passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act:, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the: Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. John Horne being examined, said. That a confidence Progress hath been made in putting the said Acts into Execution, and a large Sum of Money hath been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken, which cannot be re-paid, nor the said Roads be effectually improved and kept in Repair, xinlcfs the Term and Powers of the said Acts be enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to cont inue the Term and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Yea? of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called The Old Gallows, in the Parish of Sunning, in the County of Berks, through Wokingham, Bracknowl, and Sun-

ning Hill, to Virginia Water, in the Parish of Egham, in the County of Surrey: And that Mr. Golding and Mr. Vansittart do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable Commissioners to purchase certain Buildings for the Accommodation of the Two Houses of Parliament: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, and Mr. Bragge, do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for shortening the Time of keeping in Steep for Malting, Barley damaged by Rain in the late Harvest: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Sir John Mor daunt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend'an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Relief and 5

" Employment of the Poor:" And the same was re-r ceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon1 the Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Use of Com in distilling of Spirits or making of Starch, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Committee od Bill to prohibit the Use of Corn in distilling Spirits or nuking Starch.

Accounts ordered:

Coals import cd into London *

Duties on Coals.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Coals imported into the Port of London between ill January and 31st October 1799, and between ill January and 31st x 800; distinguishing the Quantity imported in each Month.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Duties on Coals, for Ten Years, from the Year 1790; distinguishing each Year, and what Part thereof arises from the Port of London.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an OrphansDue . Account of the Orphans Dues, for Ten Years, from the 1 ft of January 1790; distinguishing each Year.

' %

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to Population ascertain the Population of Great Britain: And that Bl11, or Jcled Mr. Abbot, Mr. Wilberforce, the Mailer of the Rolls,

Mr. Baker, and Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Coke may attend a Scleft Committee there.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. The Lord Pepys: desire Mr *

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That the Lords do desire that this House will give Leave to Thomas William Coke, Esquire, a Member of this House, to attend their Lordships Tomorrow, in order to be examined as a Witness before the Select Committee appointed by their Lordships to take into Consideration lo much of His Majesty's Speech as relates to the Dearth of Provisions.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will lend an Answer to the The House said Message by Messengers of their own. Answer1

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then they again withdrew.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee on a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for jJu'uy granting Bounties on the Importation of Wheat, Barley, Rye, and Oats, and Wheaten Flour, and Rice, for a Time to be limited.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

' Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr.

ixpirmr Lam Bill, p relented.

SitpDly, deterred.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Foreign Hops Duty Kill, deferred.

Committee on Importation of Corn, &c. deferred.

Fdhiburgh Poor Relief Petition.

41 Geo. III. ip° — 2ob

Mr. Bragge presented to the House, according to Or-

der, a Bill for continuing several Laws relating to the prohibiting the Exportation, and permitting the Importation, of Corn and other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty; to the allowing the Use of Sugar in the brewing of Beet} to the reducing the Duties upon Spirits distilled from Melasses and Sugar; and to the prohibiting the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, and certain other Articles, in that Part of Great Britain called Hrotland, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty-

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) for suspending, for a Time to be limited, the Duties on Foreign Hops imported, and for charging other Duties in lieu thereof, be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of encouraging the Importation of Corn and other Grain, Meal, and Flour.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Novembris. $73

mains to an equal Extent, and will probably be felt for several Months to come; and that it has been calculated, that, including the Expence of passing the necessary Act, the Sum of f. 10,000 will be necessary for the Supply of the Poor during the ensuing Year; and that, as the former Mode of railing Money by voluntary Subscription has been generally complained of as partial and Unequal the Petitioners' are now convinced of the Necessity of resorting to a general Assessment in this extraordinary Emergency 1 and that the Petitioners have received the bed Advice that the existing Lawk of Scotland fully authorize the Magistrates of the said City to levy an Assessment within the Royalty: At the same Time, as the leading Acts relating to the Poor were passed by the Parliament of Scotland about Two Hundred Years ago, it necessarily happens, that although the Principle of those Laws remains in full force, the great Alteration which has taken place in the Course of Two Centuries in the Circumstances and Manners of the People, renders several Alterations and Modifications necessary, in order to meet the present Emergency; in particular, great Confusion would arise, from the Suburbs of Edinburgh, in several Inllances, not being under the Jurisdiction of the Magistrates of the City, while, at the same Time, the Poor of such Places, from their local Situation, can only be relieved in common with the Podr of the City: And therefore praying, That T^ave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Re-1 gulations, as to the House shall seem meet;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. William Mr. Secre-

tary Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Jovis, 20° die Novembris; Anno 41 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1800. Prayers.

A PETITION of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council, of the City of Edinburgh, and of divers of the Clergy and Inhabitants of the said City and Suburbs, was presented to the House, and read, Setting forth. That, owing to the Scarcity and high Price of Provisions at the End of the last, and during the Course of the present Year, it was found necessary to grant Relief to a Number of the poor Inhabitants of the City of Edinburgh, and Suburbs thereof, who, under different Circumstances, would not have been Objects of Public Charity; and that, in Hopes of the Necessitiesof the Poor being in a great Measure relieved by the next Harvest, the Petitioners, the Magistrates of Edinburgh, with the Advice of the principal Inhabitants, thought it more advilable to resort to a voluntary Subscription for the Relief of the Poor than to avail themselves of the Authority of the existing Laws to impose additional and extraordinary Poor Rates, for an Occa-lion which they hoped would prove of very short Duration; and that accordingly the Sum of £.9,700 was raised by voluntary Subscription among the Inhabitants of the said City and Suburbs, by Means of which Relief in Money, Provisions and Coals have been afforded, during the current Year, to above Four Thousand indigent, and in general industrious Families; and that the said Fund is now very nearly exhausted, while, at the same Time, the Petitioners fee with Concern, that, owing to the Operation of the same Causes, the Necessity of continuing Relief to the industrious Poor rfe-Vol. 55.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Message from the Lords of Yesterday, wherein their Lordships desire, that this House will give Leave that Thomas William Coke, Esquire, a Member of this House, may attend the Select Committee of the Lords, referred to in their Lordships said Message.

And the said Message was read.

And Mr. Coke, being present, flood up in his Place, and declared that he was willing, with the Leave of the House, to go to the House of Lords, as is desired by their Lordships in the said Message.

Resolved, That Thomas William Coke, Esquire, a Member of this House, have Leave to go to the Lords, as is desired by their Lordships in their said Message, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them, that this House hath given Leave to Thomas William Coke, Esquire, a Member of this House, to go to the House of Lords, as is desired by their Lordships in their Message of Yesterday, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That Mr. Sargent do carry the said Message.

Mr. Golding presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called The Old Gallows, in the Parish of Sunning, in the County of Berks, through Wokingham, Bracknowl, and Sunning Hill, to Virginia Water, in the Parish of Egham, in the County of Surrey: And the same was received,) and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition

Leave give Mr. Coke to' att£nd a Select Committee of the Lords.

Sunning Roads Bill, prefemtedt

Fleet Debtor *

Petition.

Member added to bring

in Cirencester and Cricklade Road Rill.

Parliament

BuildinptBUl,

prei'ented.

Population Bill, presented.

Account of Gold coined prcl'cnted.

Committee appointed on Coal Trade.

Report of last SeSSion, referred.

Morion for all to have Voices. Xcg.

Bill to prohibit the I'ie of i orn in distil-A ju; Spirits or

2o° NovembriS. A. 1800.

A Petition of the several PersonJ confined for Debt in His Majesty's Prison of The Fleets was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. EJicourt be added to the Gentle Ynen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, palfed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from in the County of Gloucester, to Cricklade, in the County of Wilts.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable Commissioners to purchase certain Buildings for the Accommodation of the Two Houses of Parliament; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Abhot presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for ascertaining the Population of Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Lord Hawkesbury presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of Gold coined at His Majesty's Mint, from Michaelmas 1796 to the present Time; distin-guishing the Quantity coined in each Year.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the State of the Coal Trade of this Kingdom:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Manning, Sir John William Anderson, the Lord Hawkesbury, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir William Scott, Sir Matthew Whitt Ridley, Mr. Wilberforce Bird, Mr. Alderman Combe, Mr. Fordyce, Mr, Wallace, Mr. Mr. Dou-

glas, Mr. Patten, Mr. Garthfhore, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. William Dundas, Mr. Burdon, Mr. Hawkins Browne, Mr. John Smyth, Sir Robert Buxton: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 23d Day of June, in the last Session of Parliament, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire into the present State of the Coal Trade of this Kingdom, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House, be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, \ ]

(Mr. Hob house: }

Tellers for the Noes,

{Mr. Wallace:

So it palfed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Sir Ralph Milbanke be added to laid Committee.

23 *

84.

the

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to

prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Use of Com in making distilling of Spirits, or making of Starch, was commit- *

ted, the Amendments which the Committee had made P to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. The Lords

Pepys: have agreed td

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill to prohi-to prohibit, until the First Day of November One thou- bitthcExpor-sand Eight hundred and One, the Exportation of Rice; d ion° and to indemnify all Persons who have been concerned in preventing the Exportation thereof, or in the Nonperformance of any Contracts and Agreements that shall not have been performed in Consequence thereof; without any Amendment: And all'o.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Billtoprohi to authorize His Majesty, from Time to Time, to prohibit the Exportation of Provisions or Food; without Provii'on ? any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. Motion for That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Cavalry and Corps of Foot now serving in in Portugal, *

at Gibraltar, and in the Mediterranean; distinguishing &c-the Number serving in each Place;

It paired in the Negative.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Liftofforeiga Lift of the Foreign Corps now in the Service of Great or' Britain.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Motion for That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, brides &C that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions HgneVby that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Count st. Articles which the Aufirian Officer, Count St. Julien, ^ulie^eg< signed at Paris, and which are termed by M. Otto " Preliminaries of Peace;"

It palfed in the Negative.

A Bill for shortening the Time of keeping in Steep Barley Malt-for Malting, Barley damaged by Rain in the late Har- co,n"

veil, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for continuing several Laws relating to the Expiring prohibiting the Exportation, and permitting the Importation, of Corn and other Articles of Provision, 1 without Payment of Duty; to the allowing the Use of Sugar in the brewing of Beer; to the reducing the Duties upon Spirits distilled from Melasses and Sugar; and to the prohibiting the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, and certain other Articles, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for a Time to be limited, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved,

4i Geo. III. 2o° — 21° Novembris.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Commit- throughand the County of Northamp-

tee of the whole House. . .' and Ardley and Middleton Stoney, to Wjion Gate,

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, in the Parish of Weston on the Green, in the County of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Oxford, was read a Second Time, upon the said Bill. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cart-

wright, Mr. Dickins, &c: And they are to meet this Foreign Hop The ingrafted Bill for suspending, for a Time to be Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham-j^eydb :i' limited, the Duties on Foreign Hops imported, and for ber. charging other Duties in lieu thereof, was, according to

Order, read the Third Time. Ordered, That the Bill to explain and amend an Act, Day appolnt-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His be. An Act for suspending, until the Twentieth Day of present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better pr Relief August One thousand Eight hundred and One, the Du- " Relief and Employment of the Poor," be read a Se- Bill, ties on Hops imported, and for charging other Duties cond Time upon Monday Morning next, in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

copy of Fro- Mr. Secretary Dttndas presented to the House, by His.

FtoT'pre-5th Majesty's Command,

tented. Copy of a Proclamation containing His Majesty's

Declaration, That it is expedient that the Lords and Commons of the present Parliament of Great Britain should be the Members of the respective Houses of the First Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, on the Part of Great Britain; and commanding the said Lords and Commons to give their Attendance accordingly

And the Title of the said Proclamation was read.

Ordered, That the said Proclamation do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Proclamation having been read in the House of Lords, by His Majesty's Command, at the Close of the Session on the 31st Day of December, is there entered.

and CrickLle Mr. ^ftcourt presented to the House, according to

Road Bill, Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging

presented. . the Powers, of Two Acts, pasted in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucej, to Cricklade, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 210 die Novembris;

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for shortening the Time of keeping in Steep for Malting, Barley damaged by Rain in the late Harvest, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Perceval took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Perceval reported from the Committee, That they-had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Conunitteeon to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing several Laws relating to the prohibiting the Exportation, and permitting the Importation, of Com and other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty; to the allowing the Use of Sugar in the brewing of Beer; to the reducing the Duties upon Spirits distilled from Melasses and Sugar; and to the prohibiting the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, and certain other Articles, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Aipendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the' fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Worcester and Chester Pwtora Petitions.

Towcester Road Kill, committed.

Anno 410 Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1800. Prayers.

A PETITION of the Debtors confined in His Majesty's Gaol for the County of And also,

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Prisoners confined for Debt in His Majesty's Gaol of the County of Chester, in the Castle of Chester, in the said County;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Re-iief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Towcester, Vol. 55.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, in the room of the Right honourable Thomas Lord Rancliffe in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- importation ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Fish to be House, to consider of encouraging the Importation of 00,1 der ' Herrings and other Fish, the Produce of the Fiiheiy carried on in Nova Scotia and New Brunswick.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are offbrdctuney-thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of inciofurePe-Estates within the Manor and Parish of Offord Cluney, utwn in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, several Open and Common Fields,

Meadows, Waste, and other Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, containing, by Estimation, 1,100

10 O Acres,

i° Novem

Fd inburgh Poor Relief Petition, reported.

876

Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that the Reverend the Dean and Chapter of are

Lords of the said Manor, and the Reverend Robert IlodJ'on is the present Reiftor of that Parish; and that if the said Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed, and specitic Parts thereof allotted to the several Proprietors and Persons interested therein, and to the said Rector and his Successors, in lieu of all Tythes arising within the said Parish, according to their respective Properties, Rights, and Interests, such Division and Inclosure would be very advantageous to the Proprietors, as also beneficial to the Public: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Wade, and other Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem expedient.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Fellowes, Lord Viscount and Lord

Frederick Montagu, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Provost, Magi fixates, and Town Council, of the City of , and of

divers of the Clergy and Inhabitants of the said City and Suburbs, was referred; Tha£ the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed Your Committee, That, owing to the Scarcity and High Price of Provisions at the End of the last, and during the Course of the present Year, it was found necessary to grant Relief to a 'Number of the poor Inhabitants of the City of

burgh, and Suburbs thereof, who, under different Circumstances would not have been Objects of Public Charity; and a large Sum of Money was raised by Voluntary Subscription among the Inhabitants of the said City and Suburbs, by Means of which. Relief in Money, Provisions, and Coals, has been afforded during the current Year to a great Number of indigent, and in general industrious Families: That the said Fund is now very nearly exhausted, while, owing to the Operation of the same Causes, the Necessity of continuing Relief to the industrious Poor remains to an equal Extent, and will probably be felt for several Months to come: That as the former Mode of railing Money by voluntary Subscription has been generally complained of as partial and . unequal, it is now become necessary to resort to a general Assessment in this extraordinary Emergency:

And he added. That the great Alteration which has taken place in the Circumstances and Manners of the People, renders several Alterations and Modifications of the existing Laws of Scotland necessary, in order to meet the present Emergency, and carry into Execution the above salutary Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief of the Poor in the City of,

and the Suburbs thereof, and certain Districts adjoining the reto: And that Mr. Secretary Dundas and Mr. William Dundas do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) to prohibit, for a Milling spi- 1' me to be limited, the Use of Corn in distilling of rits or making Spirits or making of Starch, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to prohibit, until the First Day of January

A. 1800 *

One thousand Eight hundred and Two, the Use of Aorn in distilling of Spirits or making of Starch.

Ordered \That Mr. Rragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Houserefolves House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next. u

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Ac- Account of count of Gold coined at His Majesty's Mint, from Goil1 come<1> chaelmas 1796 to the present Time; distinguishing the tobePrmltJ-Quantity coined in each Year, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the Iloule.

til! to prohibit the Use ot C o n m

Surch, pallid.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee-of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Ordinary and Extraordinary Charge of His Majesty's Navy for Three Lunar Months, commencing the lit of January 1801, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Transport Service, and of the Maintenance of Prisoners of War in Health, at Home and Abroad, fi>r Three Lunar Months, commencing the ill of January 1801, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of what Money may be wanted for the Maintenance, &c. of Sick Prisoners of War for Three Lunar Months, commencing the ift of January 1801, be referred to the said Committee.-

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain, Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney, from the 25th of December 1800 to the 24th of March 1801, both inclusive, being 90 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, &c. including those serving in Portugal, at Gibraltar, and in the Mediterranean; those stationed at The Cape of Good Hope, and a Corps of Foot in New South from the 25th of

December 1800 to the 24th of March 1801, both inclusive, being 90 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty's Land Forces, of Forage for the Cavalry in Barracks in Great Britain, and of Extra Feed for those in Quarters, from the 25th of December 1800 to the 24th of 1801,

both inclusive, being 90 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Militia of Great Britain, of the Royal Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon, and of several Corps of Fencible Infantry, from the 25th of December 1S00 to the 24th of March 1801, both inclusive, being 90 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Volunteer Corps of Cavalry and InfantFy in Great Britain, from 25th December 1800 to 24th March 1801, both inclusive, being 90 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers, and of the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, in lieu of Small Beer, from the 25th of December 1800 to the 24th of March 1801, both inclusive, being 90 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Expences expected to be incurred in the Barrack Mailer General's Department, from 25th December 1800 to 24th March 1801, both inclusive, being 90 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered,

Committee of Supply.

Fftimates referred:

Ordinary and Extra of Navy.

Transport Service, &c.

Sick Prilouers of War.

Guards and Garrisons.

Forces In the Plantations,

Recruiting Land Forces, &c.

EmbodiedMi-litia, Uc.

Volunteer

Corps.

Subsistence p:<id to innkeepers.

Barrack Department.

I Forci^nCurpi.

Ordnance.

Mifcellnncous

Services.

Committee of Ways and Means.

Quorum of ( ‘ommittre on C«al Trade.

Wheat. &c. Kotin ty Kill, deterred.

Committee on Importation of Tore, <xc. deferred.

41 Geo. III.

21" — 24" Novembris.

877

Ordered, That the Eftitnate of the Charge of Foreign Corps in the Service of Great ,from 25th De-

cember 1800 to 24th March 1801, both inclusive, being 90 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Oydered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office ot Ordnance for the Months of January, and March 1801 — Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sum which may be wanted for Miscellaneous Services, for the Months of January, February, and March, 1801, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House rel'olved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

' Mr. reported from the Committee, That they

had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

✓ O

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this 1 louse will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I louse, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved,.That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the Coal Trade of this Kingdom.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a'Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting Bounties on the Importation of Wheat, Barley, Rye, and Oats, and Wheaten Flour, and Rice, for a Time to be limited.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 1 louse, to consider further of encouraging the Importation of Corn and other Grain, Meal, and Flour.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 240 a lieNovembris;

Anno 410 Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1800.

Pr AYERS.

A MESSAGE by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ufiier of Rov-ii Assent the Black Rod:'

Mr. Speaker,

' The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of His Royal Highness the Duke of Fork, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of red er, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Britain, and the Lord Walsingham, named also in the said Com-

million, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth } viz.

An Aftto prohibit, until the First Day of November One thousand Eight hundred and One, the Exportation of Rice; and to indemnify all Persons who have been concerned in preventing the Exportation thereof, or in the Non-performance of any Contracts and Agreements that shall not have been performed in Consequence thereof:

An Act to authorize His Majesty, from Time to Time, to prohibit the Exportation of Provisions or Food.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the cirencerfer Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, committed. and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from , in

the County of Gloucester, to Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Metcalfe, of Abingdon, Mr. Golding, hc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Offord Cluney Inclosure Bill, predated.

VOL. 55.

Lord Frederick Montagu presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Waste, and other Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Offord Cluney, in the County of Huntingdon:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Waste Arlingham Grounds, and also the Open Fields and Meadows, and Commonable and Intermixed Lands, within the Parish of Arlingham, in the County of Gloucester, was read &

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bragge, the Marquis of Worcester, &c.: And they are to meet

this

Inclosure: Bi{I, committed.

Winning Roads B;U, committed.

Edinburgh Poor Relief BilJ.presented.

Peebles Shire Writ.

ExpiringLa Bill> reported.

Barley Malting Bill, reported.

Poor Relief Bill, committed.

878 24° Novembris. 1800.

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a Place, called The Old Gallows, in the Parish of Sunning, in the County of Berks, through Wokingham, New Brachiowl, and Sunning Hill, to Virginia Water, in the Parish of Eg-ham, in the County of Surrey, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Golding, Mr. Bragge, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. William Dundas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Relief of the Poor in the City of Edinburgh, and the Suburbs thereof, and certain Districts adjoining the reto: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Peebles, in the room of William Montgomery, Esquire, deceased.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing several Laws relating to the prohibiting the Exportation, and permitting the Importation, of Corn and other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty i to the allowing the Use of Sugar in the brewing of Beer j to the reducing the Duties upon Spirits diU tilled from Melasses and Sugar; and to the prohibiting the making of Low Wines' or Spirits from Wheat, and certain other Articles, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for a Time to be limited, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read j and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for shortening the Time of keeping in Steep for Malting, Barley damaged by Rain in the late Harvest, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Arhendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Relief and

" Employment of the Poor," was according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of encouraging the Importation of Herrings and other Fish, the Produce of the Fishery carried on in Nova Scotia and New Bntnswick;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of encouraging the Importation of Herrings and other Fish, the Produce of the Fishery carried on in Newfoundland, and on the Coast of Labrador.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had dire died him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Lift of the Foreign Corps in the Service of Great Britain.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Houll.

The said Lift is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the' Supply granted to His Majesty, the Refutations which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Land Forces, including Five Thousand Seven Hundred and Ninety Seven Invalids, amounting to Fifty-eight Thousand Five Hundred and Twenty-eight effective Men, Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers included, be employed from the 25th Day of December 1800 to the 24th Day of March 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five Hundred and Sixty-two Thousand and Fifty-five Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Fifty-eight Thousand Five Hundred and Twenty-eight effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain, Jerfy, and

Alderney, from the 25th Day of December 1800 to the 24th Day of March 1801, both inclusive, being Ninety Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five Hundred and One Thousand Four Hundred and Eighty-six Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, &c. including those serving in Portugal, at Gibraltar, and in the Mediterranean; those stationed at The Cape of Good Hope, and a Corps of Foot in New South Wales, from the 25th Day of December 1800 to the 24th Day of March 1801, both inclusive, being Ninety Days.

Committee on Importation of Fish.

Indruftlon.

Lift of Foreign Corps, p relented.

Report

Supply.

Land Forces.

Guards and Ganiloa.

Forces ki the

Plantation

&c.

Embodied Muitja, See.

Subsistence paid to innkeepers.

Recruiting and Contingencies for Land Forces, &c.

Volunteer

Corps.

Barrack Department.

Foreign

Corps.

Ordinary of Navy.

Extra Navy.

Sick Prisoners of War.

Transport

Service,

Ordnance.

41 Geo. III. 240 Novembris. 879

ResolveJ, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, seven Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for That a Sum, not exceeding Ihree Hundred and Se- the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, venty-four Thousand Three Hundred and Fifty Pounds, for the Months of January, February, and 1801.

be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

of the Embodied Militia of Great Britain, of the Royal That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-five Thousand Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon, and of several Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for His Majesty's Corps of Fencible Infantry, from the 25th Day of Foreign and other Secret Services, for the Months of December 1800 to the 24th Day of March 1801, both January, February, arid March, 1801. inclusive, being Ninety Days. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty Thousand Pounds, be That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Ten granted to His Majesty, for the Relief of the Suffering Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for de- Clergy and Laity o and American Loyalists, for

fraying the Charge of the increased Rates of Subsistence the Months of January, February, and March, iSor. to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Sol- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, diers, and the Charge of an Allowance to be made to That a Sum, not exceeding Eight Thousand Pounds, the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expences His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, in lieu of of confining, maintaining, and employing, Convidls at Small Beer, from the 25th Day of December 1800 to Home, for the Months of January, February, and March, the 24th Day of March 1801, both inclusive, being 1801.

Ninety Days. The said Resolutions being severally read a Second

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Time, were, upon the Question severally put there-That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred Twenty-leven upon, agreed to by the House.

Thousand Five Hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Recruiting and Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Contingencies for His Majesty's Land Forces, of Forage Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re -for the Cavalry in Barracks in Great Britain, and of Ex- ferred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the tra Feed for those in Quarters, from the 25th Day of Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which December 1800 to the 24th Day of March 1801, both the Committee had directed him to report to the inclusive, being Ninety Days. House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards de-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, livered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Forty- read; and are as followeth; viz. five Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for Resolved, "That it is the Opinion of this Committee, defraying the Charge of Volunteer Corps of Cavalry That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-and Infantry in Great Britain, from the 25th Day of jesty, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, December 1800 to the 24th Day of March 1801, both which, by an Act of Parliament of the Fortieth Year of inclusive, being Ninety Days. His present Majesty's lieign, have Continuance to the

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 24th Day of June 1801, be further continued, and That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred Seventy- charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and upon one Thousand and Two Hundred Pounds, be granted all Mum which shall be made or imported, and all Cy-to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Ex- der and Perry which shall be made for Sale, within the pences expected to be incurred in the Barrack Master Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 23d Day of June General's Department, from the 25th Day of December 1801 to the 24th Day of June 1802.

1800 to the 24th Day of March 1801, both inclusive, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, being Ninety Days. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, jesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound, and no That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Fifty more, be raised within the Space of One Year, from Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for de- the 25th Day of 1801, upon Pensions, Offices,

fraying the Charge of Foreign Corps in the Service of and Personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called Great Britain, from the 25th Day of December 1800' to England, and the Town of Benvick upon Tweed.

the 24th Day of March 1801, both inclusive, being That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Ninety Days. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, jesty, the several Duties impoted on Sugar, by Three

That a Sum, not exceeding Two Hundred and Five Acts, made in the Twenty-seventh, Thirty-fourth, and

Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for de- Thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of His present Ma-fraying the Ordinary Establishment of the Navy for jesty, on Malt, by an Act, made in 'the Twenty-seventh Three Lunar Months, commencing the ift Day of Ja- Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the D11-nuary 1801. ties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff, by an Act, made

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present

That a Sum, not exceeding Two Hundred Thousand Majesty, which by an Act, made in the last Session of Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Parliament, have Continuance until the 25th Day of Extraordinary Establishment of the Navy for Three Lu- March 1801, be further continued until the 25th Day nar Months, commencing the Day of January 1801. of March 1802.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, The said Resolutions being severally read a Second That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-five Thousand Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon. Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Mainte- agreed to by the House.

nance of Sick Prisoners of War for Three Lunar Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the First of Months, commencing the ift Day of January 1801. the said Resolutions: And that Mr Mr. Chan-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, cellor of the Exchequer, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Douglas, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Hundred and Seventy- Mr. Pybus, Lord Granville Levejon Gower, Mr. Attorney five Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Roje, and Mr. Long, the Expence of the Transport Service, and for the do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Maintenance of Prisoners of War in Health, for Three That a Bill be brought in, upon the Second

Lunar Months, commencing the ift Day of January and Third of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. 1801. Bragge, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. John

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Mr Pybus, Lord Granville Levejon That a Sum, not exceeding Four Hundred and Fifty- Gower, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Vol. 55. 10 P Mr.

Secret Service.

French Emigrants, &c.

Convicts.

Report Ways and Means.

Malt.

Land Tax on Pensions, &c»

Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and SnutL

88o 240 — 25° N A. 1800.

Mr. Rife, ami Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Htpo t from Mr. Ryder reported from the Committee, appointed

Committee to consider of the present high Price of Provisions; and on roviuons. w|lom fa Gf His Majesty's most Gracious

Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament, as relates thereto, and also the several Petitions presented to the House complaining of the high Price of Provisions, were referred; That the Committee had made a Progress in the Matters to them referred, and had di-rested him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Ul'e of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

of Fo- Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Lift be printed. Fore‘gn Corps in the Service of Great Britain, be

printed, as Hull be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Bounties on the Importation of Wheat, Barley, Rye, and Oats, and Wheaton Flour, and Rice, for a Time to be limited, is committed. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill pursuant to the said Resolutions.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Supply, de.

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the ferrcd whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Re/o/ved, That this' House will, upon Ways and

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the de"

whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon wheat, &c.

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for grant- e m ing Bounties on the Importation of Wheat, Barley,

Rye, and Oats, and Wheaten Flour, and Rice, for a Time to be limited.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-duil'dforCJo- count ^e Quantity of Oats, Hay, and Straw, pur-vernment, chafed for the Use of Government, and the Price paid ordered. for the lame, for the Year ending Michaelmas 1800.

Com mi tire on

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House of'corn'&c ° re^ve ‘tself into a Committee of the whole House,

o orn, c. tQ cong{jcr father of encouraging the Importation of Com and other Grain, Meal, and Flour, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received, import' d. Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's 'Fable: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be given on every Hundred Weight of Rice which shall be imported into the Port of London, in any Ship which shall have cleared out from any Port in the East Indies, before the ill Day of September 1801, and which shall be sold at the India Company's Sales, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the actual Price of each Hundred Weight of such Rice so fold shall be less than Thirty-five Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be given on every Quarter of Indian Corn or Maize, weighing Four Hundred and Eight Pounds, which shall be imported into Great Britain, before the ill Day of October 1801, a Bounty equal to the Sum

by which the Average Price in London, published in The Gazette, in the Third Week after the Importation of such Indian Com or Maize, shall be less than Fifty-five shillings.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Quetlion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House. instrutf ion. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee

of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting

3

Martts, 2 50 die Novembris;

Anno 41 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1800.

Praters.

TpESOLVED, That this House will, Tomorrow Committeeon Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of encouraging the acfermL Importation of Corn and other Grain, Meal, and Flour.

A Bill for ascertaining the Population of Great Bri- Population tain, was, according to Order, read a Second Time. . ^oin"

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon^ Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ketief upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Relief and " Employment of the Poor," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Mordaunt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Mordaunt reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for continuing several Laws Expiring relating to the prohibiting the Exportation, and permitting the Importation, of Corn and other Articles of p Provision, without Payment of Duty; to the allowing the Use of Sugar in the-brewing of Beer; to the rer ducing the Duties upon Spirits distilled from Melasses and Sugar; and to the prohibiting the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, and certain other Articles, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for a

Time

Barley Malting Bill, passed.

Report on Importation of Fish.

Malt Bill, prefen ted.

Pensions, &c. Duty Bill, presented.

41 Geo. III. 25° — 26°

Time to be limited, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing, until the Expiration of Forty Days after the Commencement of the first Session of Parliament that shall be begun and holden after the First Day of September One thousand Eight hundred and One, several Laws relating to the prohibiting the Exportation, and permitting the Importation, of Com and other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty; to the allowing the Use of Sugar in the brewing of Beer; to the reducing the Duties upon Spirits dillilled from Melasses and Sugar; and to the prohibiting the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, and certain other Articles, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for shortening the Time of keeping in Steep for Malting, Barley damaged by Rain in the late Harvest, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for shortening, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and One, the Time of keeping in Steep for Malting, Barley damaged by Rain in the late Harvest.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of encouraging the Importation of Herrings and other Fish, the Produce of the Fishery carried on in Nova Scotia and New Brunswick; and who were instructed to consider of encouraging the Importation of Herrings and other Fish, the Produce of the Fishery carried on in Newfoundland, and on the Coast of Labrador, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: YVhcre the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient to permit Herrings or other Fish, the Produce of the Fishery carried on in Nova , New Brunswick, Newfoundland, and on the Coast of Labrador, to be imported in any British Ship without Payment of Duty, for a Time to be limited.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. RoJ'e, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bragge presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge presented to the House, according to Or ' ' der, a Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One: And tire same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

VOL. 55.

Novembris. 881

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed that Mr. Irving (Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pufluant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Coals imported into the Port of London between the ift January and the 31 ft October 1799, and between the ift January and the 31st October 1800; distinguishing the Quantity imported in each Month: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Duties on Coals, for Ten Years, from the Year 1790; distinguishingeach Year, and what Part thereof arises from the Port of London.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 26° Novembris;

Anno 41° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1800. Prayers.

A PETITION of the Debtors confined in His Ma-/\ jesty's Gaol of Carmarthen, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir John Mordaunt, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Relief and Employment " of the Poor," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account of the Totals of Customs, Excise, Stamps, Incidents, and Duties, pro Atinis 1793, 1794, 1795, 1796, 1797, 1798, 1799, and 1800, in the Years ended 10th of October 1799 and 10th of October 1800.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account of the Amount of the Whole Duty on Malt, exclusive of the old Annual Duty, paid into the Exchequer in the Years ended 10th 1797, 1798,

1799, and 1800; and of the Amount of the Duty on Beer, paid into the Exchequer in the same Periods; di£ tinguishing each Year.

Accounts presented;

Coals imported into London.

Duties on Coals.

Carmarthen Debtors Petition.

Poor Relief Bill, reported *

Accounts ordered:

Totals of Customs, Excise, See.

Duty on Malt.

Account of Duty on Mult, presented.

Nov Scotia, &c. FiOicry Bill, presented.

The Lords

have agreed to

Foreign Hops Duty Bill.

Bill to 'prohibit the Ulf of Com in distilling Spirits or making Starch.

The Lords have passed Vander-merfeh's Nat. Bill.

"Parliament Buildings Bill, committed.

Malt Bill, committed.

Pensions, Scc. Duty Bill, committed.

882 26° Novembris. 1800.

The House being informed that Mr. Planner (from And the said Order being read accordingly;

the Commissioners of Excise) attended at the Door; he The said Bill was read a Second Time.

was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, Resolve, That the Bill be committed, pursuant to their Order, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to aComraittefe

An Account of the Amount of the whole Duty on of the whole House.

Malt, exclusive of the old Annual Duty, paid into the Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, 1

Exchequerin the Years ended loth October 1797, 1798, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

1799, and 1800; and of the Amount of the Duty on upon the said Bill.

Beer, paid into the Exchequer in the same Periods; dif-

tinguishing each Year. Ordere, That there be laid before this House, An Account of And then he withdrew. Account of the Amount of the Duties on Bonded Su- gondedTu

And the Title of the said Account was read. gar, which remained unpaid on the 10th of 1800. gar, ordered.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table,

to be perused by the Members of the House. The House being informed that Mr. Irvin (Inspector presented.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain) |

Papers of this Session. attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the

Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Mr. Ro/e presented to the House, according to Order, An Account of the Amount of the Duties on Bonded

a Bill to permit the Importation of Herrings and other Sugar, which remained unpaid on the 10th of October Fish, the Produce of the Fishery carried on in Nova Scotia, 1800.

New Brunswick, Newfoundland, and on the Coast of And then he withdrew.

Labrador, into this Kingdom, without Payment of Duty: And the Title of the said Account was read.

And the same was received; and read the First Time. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the j

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time The said Account is preserved amongst the other

Tomorrow Morning. Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Wilmot and Mr. Popham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for suspending, until the Twentieth Day of One thousand Eight hundred and One, the Duties on Hops imported, and for charging other Duties in lieu thereof; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prohibit, until the First Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and Two, the Use of Corn in distilling of Spirits or making of Starch j without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Joseph Augustus; to which the

Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill to enable Commissioners to purchase certain Buildings for the Accommodation of the Two Houses of Parliament, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Ef-tates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One, be now read.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee appointed to consider of the present high Price of Provisions j and to whom so much of His Majesty's most Gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament, as relates thereto, and also the several Petitions presented to the House complaining of the high Price of Provisions, were referred.

And the said Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make several Motions, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, representing to His Majesty, that, having taken into Consideration the Difficulties experienced by His Majesty's Subjects in consequence of the present high Price of Corn, and being persuaded that the Prevention of all unnecessary Consumption of the same will furnish one of the surest and most effectual Means of alleviating the present Pressure, and of providing for the necessary Demands of the Year, we do most humbly request His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to issue His Royal Proclamation, recommending, in the strongest Manner, to all such Personsas have the Means of procuring other Articles of Food, the greatest Economy and Frugality in the Use of every Species of Grain; and that His Majesty will cause such Proclamation to be circulated through every Part of the Kingdom, in such Manner as shall appear to His Majesty's Wisdom bell calculated to produce, to the greatest Extent, those beneficial Consequences which mull result from carrying into full Effect His Majesty's Injundlions on a Point so important to the Subsistence of His People.

And Mr. Bragge moved the House accordingly.

Resolved,

Report from Committee on Provisions, coniidcTcd.

Referred to a Committee of the whole House.

couHeiered.

reported.

41 Geo. Ill,

2 6° Noi)cnibris.

S83

Address re-ipeiting Economy in the Use of Grain,

Committee appointed td draw it up.

keport referred.

Address reported, and agreed to *

To be communicated to the Lords.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, representing to His Majesty, that, having taken into Consideration the Difficulties experienced by His Majesty's Subjects in consequence of the present high Price of Corn, and being persuaded that the Prevention of all unnecelliiry Consumption of the same will furnish one of the surest and most effectual Means of alleViating the present Pressure, and of providing for the necessary Demands of the Year, we do most humbly fcc^ucft His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleated to issue His Royal Proclamation, recommending, in the strongest Manner, to all such Persons as have the Means of procuring other Articles of Food, the greatest Economy and Frugality in the Use of every Species of Grain; and that His Majesty will cause such Proclamation to be circulated through every Part of the Kingdom, in such Manner as shall appear to His Majesty's Wisdom best calculated to produce, to the greatest Extent, those beneficial Consequences which mull result from carrying into full Effect His Majesty's Injunctions on a Point so important to the Subsistence of His People.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty upon the said Resolution:

Arid a Committee w'as appointed of Mr. Ryder, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Attorney General, the Master of the Rolls, Mr.

Bragge, Sir William Scot/, Mr. Rose, Mr. Hiley -

ton, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Long, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Canning, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Adams; or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw, immediately, into the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, appointed to consider of the present high Price of Provisions, be referred to the said Corhmittee.

Mr. Ryder reported from the said Committee, That

the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We", Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons, of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to tepresent to Your Majesty, that, having taken into Consideration the Difficulties experienced by Your Majesty's Subjects in Consequence of the present hi'gh Price of Corn, and being persuaded that the Prevention of all unnecessary Consumption of the same will furnish one of the surest and most effectual Means of alleviating the present Pressure, and of providing for the necessary Demands of the Year we do most humbly request Your Majesty, that You will be graciously pleased to issue Your Royal Proclamation, recommending, in the strongest Manner, to all such Persons as have the Means of procuring other Articles of Food, the greatest Economy and Frugality in the Use of every Species of Grain; and that Your Majesty will cause such Proclamation to be circulated through every Part of the Kingdom, in such Manner as shall appear to Your Majesty's Wisdom belt- calculated to produce, to the greatest Extent, those beneficial Consequences which must result from carrying into full Effect Your Majesty's Injunctions, on a Point so important to the Subsistence gf Your People.

The said Address being read a Second Time,' was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to communicate to their Lordships the said Address; and that their Lordships Concurrence be desired thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder do carry the said Message, together with the said Address, to the Lords.

Vol. 55.

Mr. Rragge also reported from the said Committee of the whole House, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making better Provision for, the Maintenance of the Poor, and for diminishing the Consumption of Bread Corn, by directing the Manner of applying Parish Relief, for a Time to be limited.

And Mr. Bragge moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making better Provision for the Maintenance of the Poor, and for diminishing the Consumption of Bread Corn, by directing the Mannet of applying Parish Relief, for a Time to be limited: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney Ueneral, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. RoJ'e, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting Bounties on the Importation of Wheat, Barley, Rye; and Oats, and Wheaten Flour, and Rice) for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself iilto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chais.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committed, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed that Mr. Bedford (frorii the Exchequer) attended at the Door; he was called in j and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Totals of Customs, Excise, Starrips, Incidents, and Duties, pro Annis 1793, 1794, 179^, 1796, 1797, 1798, 1799, and 1800, in the Years ended loth October 1799 and loth October 1800.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed as shall be sufficierit for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Accounts which were this Day presented to the House by Mr. planner and Mr. Irving be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Satgent presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Lift of the Foreign Corps now in the Service of Great Britain which are placed under the Direction of the Ordnance Department.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table; to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

10 Q House,

Bill for better Maintenance of the Poor, ordered.

Committee on Wheat, &c. Bounty Bill.

Account of Totals of Customs, Excise, &c. prekiutd *

Accounts to be printed.

Lift of Foreign Cprps undeip the Ordnance, presented.

Supply, deferred.

Ways and Means, deferred *

884 26" — 270 N . 1806.

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

«£ on Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

of Com, S:c. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to deferral. consider further of encouraging the Importation of Gorn and other Grain, Meal, and Flour.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 70 Novembris;

Anno 410 Georgii III1" Regis, 1800.

Prayers.

Weitje sworn. S>HRI S TO P H Weitje took the Oaths appointed,

in order to his Naturalization.

Wehje's Nat. A Bill for naturalizing Chrifoph ', was read a Bin, com. Second Time.

mut ' Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber,

vender- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

BUpreadKat« for naturalizing Joseph was read

' the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Nova Scotia, &c. Fishery Bill, committed.

A Bill to permit the Importation of Herrings and other Fish, the Produce of the Fishery carried on in Nova Scotia, New Brmfwickand on the

Coast of Labrador, into this Kingdom, without Payment of Duty, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved', That the Bill be committed.

Resolved ', That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, Tint the Order of the Day, for the House Committeeon to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates,' in England, Wales, and the Town of Benvick upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- Infa-uftions, jnittee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that They have Power to receive a Clause to make good the Deficiency of the Duty granted on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year 1799, out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1801. 1

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ryder reported to the House, That he had, ac- Address and cording to Order, been with the Lords, and delivered to their Lordships the Address of this House, of Yes- lo«u. to 6 terday, relative to the high Price of Corn, and desired their Lordships Concurrence thereto; and that he had also left with their Lordships a printed Copy of the Report made from the Committee, appointed to consider of the present high Price of Provisions. „

Report on Provisions to be communicated to the Lords.

Committee <on Malt Bill.

tkstructions.

Ordered, That a printed Copy of, the Report from the Committee, appointed to consider of the present high Price of Provisions, be left with the Lords at the same Time when the Address to His Majesty, relative to the high Price of Corn, is communicated to their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the W'hole House, upon the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perryr, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruiftion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to direct that the Deficiency which shall be on the 25th Day of March 1801 of the Incomes of the Duties on Malt, granted for the Year 1799, to satisfy Principal and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1801.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- *

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the wheat, toe. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Bounty BU^ granting Bounties on the Importation of Wheat, Bar- recommitted. ' ley. Rye, and Oats, and Wheaten Flour, and Rice, for a Time to be limited, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. Motion for That this House will resolve itself into a Committee of Committee on the whole House, to take into Consideration the State of Nation! d e the Nation j Neg.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j

Tellers for the Noes, j So it passed in the Negative.

S

37-

x57.

The

4i Geo. III.

270 - — 28° Novembris.

885

Parli nraent.

Buildings Bill,

deferred.

oh Importation of Coro, Ire.

Committee on Importation of Corn, &c.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Mr. according to Order, reported from the Report from

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Committee of the whole House, to whom it was refer- Committee upon the Bill to enable Commissioners to purchase cer- red to consider further of encouraging the Importation tain Buildings for the Accommodation of the Two of Corn and other Grain, Meal, and Flour, the Refo-Houl'es of Parliamentj lutions which the Committee had dire died him to re-

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, port to the House; which he read in his Place; and resolve itself into the said Committee. afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

The other Order of the Day being read; Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the That there be given on every Quarter of Barley, weigh-whole House, to ponfider further of encouraging the ing Three Hundred and Sixty-eight Pounds and upwards. Importation of Corn and other Grain, Meal, and Flour.' which shall be imported into Great Britain before the ift Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Day of 1801,. a Bounty equal to the Sum by

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee. which the Average Price in , published in The

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Gazettein the Third Week after the Importation of

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they such Barley, shall be Iefs than Fifty Shillings, had come to several Resolutions; which they had di- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, refled him to report, when the House will please to That there be given on every Quarter of Oats, weigh-receive the fame. ing Two Hundred and Sixty-four Pounds and upwards.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow but less than Two Hundred and Eighty Pounds, which Morning. shall be imported into Great before the ift Day

of Offerer 1S01, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow the Average Price in London, published in The

Morning,- Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 28° dieNcvembris;

Anno 410 Georgii III. U Regis, 1800.

Prayers;

Schroder

i\\ crn.

OffordClnney Inclosure Bill, com pa it ted.

[OHN Frederick Schroder took the Oaths appointed, agreed - to by the House.

in the Third Week after the Importation of such Oats, shall be less than Thirty-five Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be given on every Quarter of Oats, weighing Two Hundred and Eighty Pounds and upwards, which shall be imported into Great Britain before the ift Day of October 1801, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the Average Price in London, published in The in the Third Week after the Importation of such Oats, shall be less than Forty Shillings.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severallyput thereupon.

J in order to his Naturalization.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com->. mon Fields, Meadows, Waste, and other Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the.Parish of Off ord Cluney, in the County of Huntingdon, was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Frederick Montagu, Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting Bounties on the Importation of Wheat, Barley, Rye, and Oats, and Wheaten Flour, and Rice, for a Time to be limited, is re-committed. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill pursuant to the said Resolutions.

Instru&on.

House resolves to adjourn to Monday.

Lincoln and Surrey Debtor Petitions *

Weltje's Nat Ml, reported,

Schrodrr' Nat. Bill, com putted.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. JVilmot and Mr. Th« Lord Popham: tefir?t.hec.

t e t House to fit.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire that this House will continue Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the fitting for some Time.

House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will continue fitting, as Houserefoiv A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in desired by their Lordships. to continue

His Majesty's Prison the Castle of Lincoln: And also. And the Messengers were again called in j and Mr. mn "

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty's Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Gaol for the County of Surrey, And then they again withdrew.

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Complaining of their Distress i and praying Mr. according to Order, reported from the M it Bill, r -

Relief. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Ported>

And the said Petitions were severally ordered continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties to lie upon the Table. upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of

the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One, was Shaw Lefevre reported from the Committee, to committed, the Amendments which the Committee had the Bill for naturalizing Christoph Weltjl, was made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to committed -, That the Committee had examined the report to the House and he read the Report in his of the Bill, and found the same to be Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the / Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. '

Orde, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr.

Mr.

whom

Allegations

true i and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table. Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Bill for naturalizing John Frederick Schroder, was' read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shaw Lefevre, Sir John William Anderson, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Vol. 55.

TYnfon . &c. Du y B:l, reported.

Account of (:nin and Kictun portal, p relented.

Account of Totals of Customs, Excile, &c. withdrawn, and another ordered.

Cwnmittoeon1 re-committed Wheat, &c. Bounty Bill.

Account of Totals of ( uf-toms, Excile, &c. prikiited.

886

28° Novembris.

Ji. 1806;

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on' Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates, in England, /P<7/V.f, and the Town of Berwick upon and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrotfed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

The House being informed that Mr. Glover (from the Inspection General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain) attended at the Door; he was called in; dnd, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all Grain and Rice imported from, the 4th of January to the ioth of October last; distinguishing the Ports from whence and where imported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed of a Mistake ift the Account of the Totals of Customs, Excise, Stamps, Incidents, and Duties, pro Annis 1793, 1794, 1795, 1796, 1797, 1798, 1799, and 1800, in the Years ended ioth October 1799 and ioth October 1800, which was presented to the House upon Wednesday last;

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Account, in order to the presenting a perfect Account in Head thereof.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting Bounties on the Importation of Wheat, Barley, Rye, and Oats, and Wheaten Flour, and Rice, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragg:took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they Lad gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The House being informed that Mr. Bedford (from the Exchequer) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Totals of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, and Duties, 1793,

1794, 1795, 1796, 1797, 1798, 1799, and 1800, in the Years ending 10th October 1799 and ioth October 1800.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said

Account be printed as shall be iufficierit for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Sessioni

A Message from the Lords; by Mr. IVilmot and Mr.

Pop ham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Address of this House to His Majesty, communicated to their Lordships Yesterday, and filled up the Blank, with " Lords Spiritual and " Temporal, and."

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of H is present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better " Relief and Employment of the Poor," be how read;

And the said Order being read accordirigly j

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, For allowing an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, byWay of Ryder.

Another ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, For declaring the Act public.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor."

Ordered, That Sir John Mordaunt do carry the Bill to

the Lords; and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for ascertaining the Population of Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Baker took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Baker reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Baker accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the-Re-port was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable Commissioners to purchase certain Buildings for the Accommodation of the Two Houses of Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Brazze took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr,

Address respecting Economy ill the lTfe of Grain, agreed to by the Lords.

fcoor Relief Bill, passed.

Committee oil

Population

Bill.

reported.

Committee on

Parliament

Buildings

Bill.

4i Geo. III. a8° Novembris. — 887

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progreis in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Nova Scoria, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House "<ii to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

1 ' 1 ar<' ‘ upon the Bill to permit the Importation of Herrings and other Fish, the Produce of the Fishery carried on in Nova Scotia, New Newfoundland, and on the Coast of Labrador, into this Kingdom, without Payment of Duty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Poordief Ordered, That the Bill for the better Relief of the

Bill, deferred. Poor in the City of Edinburgh, and the Suburbs there- of, and certain Districts adjoining thereto, be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Supply de- Resolved, That this I louie will, upon Monday Morn-

ferred. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon Mom-

Means <te- ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole rrc‘ ‘ House, to consider further of Ways and Means for rail-

ing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lunes, irt die Decembris;

Anno 41® Georgii III'11 Regis, 1800.

Prayers.

Account of npH E House being informed that Mr. Byfield (from Orphans JL the OlHce of Chamberlain of the City of London) fcuted^'' attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Orphans Dues, from the 5th Day of July 1790 to the 5th Day of July 1800.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preservd amongst the other 1'ariers of this Session.

statements of The House being informed that Mr. Tyrrell (Re-Pry.gn.ts mute membranccr of the City of London, and Clerk to the the Port of"8 Wrejl India Dock Company) attended at the Door; he JLondon, pre- was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, ieuted. pursuant to the Di red ions of an Act of Parliament,

A Statement of the Progreis made by the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, in carrying into Execution the Provisions of the Act of Parliament of the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the Port of " don: " And also,

A Statement of the Progress of the Docks and other Works, authorized and directed to be made and done by the Dircdors of the West India Dock Company, in and by the Act of Parliament, of the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act Yol. 55.

" for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the Port of London."

Anti then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrafted Bill for naturalizing Chrifioph Weltje, WeltjrsNat. was read the Third Time. Blll»

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Chri/iophIVeltje.

Ordered, That Mr. Shaw Lefevre do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Golding reported from the Committee, to whom Sunning the Bill to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the F° Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called The Old Gallows, in the Parish of Sunning, in the County of Berks, through WokinghamNew , .

and Sunning Hill, to Virginia Water, in the Parish of ham, in the County of Surrey, wees committed; That the

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act vander-

for naluuuizine Joseph Av.vufiusVan dernierfc It, was read merfeh's Nat.

e i-r-D J Bill, commit-

a Second Time. tcJ-

lit fo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John

William Anderson, Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury, &c.: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock,

in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Cartwright reported from the Committee, to TowerHer whom the Bill to continue the Term and alter and cn-large the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His

J o o

present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Tcnvcefier, through Silverston and Brachley, in the County of Northampton, and Ard/ey and Middleton Stoney, to IVtston

Gate, in the Parish of JV eft tin on the Green, in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ino-rofled.

o

Mr. Braggereported from the Committee, to whom Arlingh-im

the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Waste Grounds, and alto the Open Fields and Meadows, and Commonable and Intermixed Lands, within the Parish of Arlingham, in the County of Glouwas committed; That the Committee had examined, and found

10 R that

Malt Bill, parie.

Peniiens, &c. Duty Bill, passed.

Edinburgh Poor Relief Bill, committed.

The Lord kive agreed ;o

prpiriiif:

J,jws Bill.

888 i Q Decembris. 1800.

that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that . the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Property assessed to the~ Land Tax at

£. 7. os. 7 { d. per Annum, whorefufed to sign the Bill;

and also the Owners of Property allcfled at 1. o 3

per Annum, who could not be met with; and that the Whole of the Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at £. 144. is. 9 d. per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the better Relief of the Poor in the City of Edinburgh, and the Suburbs thereof, and certain Districts adjoining thereto, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William Dundas, Mr. Secretary Dundas,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, ki the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee

have Voices.

A Message from the Lord, by Mr. Ord and Mr.

Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, until the Expiration of Forty Days after the Commencement of the First Session of Parlia-

7

ment that shall be begun and holden after the First Day of September One thousand Eight hundred and One, several Laws relating to the prohibiting the Exportation, and permitting the Importation, of Corn and other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty; to the allowing the Use of Sugar in the brewing of Beer; to the reducing the Duties upon Spirits distilled from Melasses and Sugar; and to the prohibiting the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, and certain other Articles, in that Part of Great called

Scotland; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Barley Malt-for shortening, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March in«?Blli *

One thousand Eight hundred and One, the Time of keeping in Steep for Malting, Barley damaged by Rain in the late Harvest; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this the Lordsde-House, That the Lords do desire that this House will give Leave to Isaac Gascoyne, Esquire, Jc/.n Fare, Ef- attend t y quire, John Fordyce, Esquire, and Sir John Stuart, Ba- Committee ronet, Members of this House, to attend their Lord- there *

ships Tomorrow, in order to be examined as Witnesses before the Select Committee appointed by their Lordships to take into Consideration so much of His Majesty's Speech as relates to the Dearth of Provisions.

And then the Messengers w ithdrew.

'Resolved, That this House will lend an Answer to The House that Part of the said Message which ‘relates to the Attendance of certain Members of this House, by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then they again withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration Leave given that Part of the Message from the Lords, of this Day, wherein their Lord ships desire, that this House will give aseieacom-Leave that certain Members of this House, therein men- mittee of the tioned, may attend the Select Committee of the Lords, 'Lord referrred to in their Lordships said Message.

And that Part of the said Message was read.

And Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Fordyce, and Sir John Stuart, being present, flood up in their Places, and declared that they were willing, with the Leave of the House, to go to the House of Lords, as is desired by their Lordships in the said Message.

Resolved, That Isaac Gascoyne, Esquire, John Fordyce,

Esquire, and Sir John Stuart, Baronet, Members of this House, have Leave to go to the Lords, as is desired by their Lordships in their said Message, if they think iit.

The House was moved. That the Standing Order of Resolution for the House, of the 25th Day of April 1774, relative to the Notices to be given of any intended Application to Parliament, for inclosing, draining, or improving any Lands, Fens, or Commons, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That, after this Session of Parliament,

" before any Petition is presented to this House, for " inclosing, draining, or improving any Lands, Fens,

" or Commons, a printed or written Notice of such intended Application to Parliament be affixed on the " Church Door of the Parish or Parishes in which such " Lands, Fens, and Commons do lie, for Three " days, in the Months of Av.gujand September, or either of them, immediately preceding the Session of Parliament in which such Petition is to be presented."

Resolved, That, for the Purpose of facilitating the Introduction of such Bills, the Time limited by the said Order, for giving the said Notices, be extended, in Cafes where the same have not been already given, to Three Sundays in the present Month of December.

The

extending the Time for Notices of Inclo-sure Bills.

Motion for an Address relating to the Negotiation 'With France. Meg.

teare given

Mr. Frere to attend a Select Committee of the Lords.

Wheat, See. Bounty Bill> deterred *

Supply, deferred.

Ways and Means, deferred.

41 Geo. III.

20 Decembris.

889

The House was moved. That so much of His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the nth Day of November last, as relates to the Communications which have recently passed between His Majesty and the French Government, respe cling the Commencement of Negotiations for Peace, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, humbly to allure Him, that we have taken into our most serious Consideration the Papers relative to the Negotiation for Peace with France, and that the Result of our Refledlions on this important Subject, founded as well on due Examination of the Documents now referred to us, as on Experience of the past Condu<ft of most of H is Majesty's Allies, is an humble, but earnest Desire, that His Majesty will omit no proper Opportunity which may arise, consistently with the good Faith ever preserved on the Part of His Majesty, of entering into a separate Negotiation with the Government of France for a speedy and honourable Peace; and farther to implore His Majesty, not to sanction any new Engagements which shall preclude such a Mode of Negotiation;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas > Mr *

Martisy 20 die Decembris;

Anno 41 Georgii IIIlli Regis, 1800.

( Mr. Whitbread. )

' \ Mr. St. John:,) ^5 *

Tellers for the Noes, I ^lr‘ 1 156.

' I Mr. } 3

So it passed in the Negative.

Mr. Frere being now in the House, so much of the Message from the Lords, of this Day, as desires that this House will give Leave to him, and other Members of this House, therein mentioned, to attend a Select Committee of the Lords, was communicated to him.

And Mr. Frere stood up in his Place, and declared that he was willing, with the Leave of the House, to go to the House of Lords, as is desired by their Lordships in the said Message.

Resolved, That John Frere, Esquire, a Member of this House, have Leave to go to the Lords, as is de-lircd by their Lordships in their laid Message, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That a Message be lent to the Lords, to acquaint them, that this House hath given Leave to Gascoyne, Esquire, John Frere, Esquire, John Esquire, and Sir John Stuart, Baronet, Members of this House, to go to the House of Lords, as is desired by their Lordships in their Message of this Day, if the said Members shall think fit.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the said Message.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting Bounties on the Importation of Wheat, Barley, Rye, and Oats, and Wheaten Flour and Rice, for a Time to be limited, was re-committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vo l.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the poor unfortunate Debtors Maidstone confined in His Majesty's Gaol at in Gaol, and the County of Kent: And also, Compter,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Debtors Pe-Poultry Compter, London; titwns.

Were severally presented to the House, and read j Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Com- Vander-mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, in- bui, Sported, tituled. An Act for naturalizing Joseph Augustus - andpailed. dermerfeh, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term and enlarge Sunning the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the p Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a Place raised The Old Gallows, in the Parish of Sunning, in the County of Berks, through New Bracknowl, and Sunning Hill, to Virginia Water, in

the Parish of Egham, in the County of Surrey, wras read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue, for Twenty-one Years and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called The Old Gallows, in the Parish of Sunning, in the County of Berks, through Wokingham, New Bracknowl, and Sunning Hill, to Virginia Water, in the Parish of Egham, in the Cqunty of Surrey.

Ordered, That Mr. Golding do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Wandsworth thereunto subscribed, Owners of Estates in the Parish p^itionT of Wandsworth ,in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Parish several Open and Common Fields and Meadows, and also Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, containing in the Whole, by Estimation,

750 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the several Properties of the Owners of the said Open and Common Fields and Meadows lie very much intermixed, and dif-perfect in small Parcels, so as to render the Cultivation thereof very inconvenient, but if the fame, together with the said other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, were divided and allotted unto and amongst the several Persons interested therein, according to their several *

and

The Lordt have passed

Lull in's Nat. Bill.

Bill, read.

(Jommittee on I'irl ument Buildings Bill.

The Lord s deli ne Mr. Mun-dy may attend a Select Committee there.

The House \n ill lend an Anfvstr.

Motion for an Account of Bank Notes in Circulation, withdrawn.

Motion for Addreb rc-tpccting Corn Hied by Horles in tbt bervice of C»oveni-xn.nt.

O o ° (

890 2 — 3 — 4

and respective Rights and Interests, and such Allotments incloltd, they would be rendered of much greater Value, and might be much improved: And therefore proving. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall lean meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Baker, Lord William RujJ and Sir John Frederick, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Mefl'age from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Charles Michel Lullin; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

Aud then the Mefl'cngers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to enable Commissioners to purchase certain Buildings for the Accommodation of the Two Houses of Parliament.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they

had made a further Progress in the Biii; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Mefl'age from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

Tho Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That the Lords do desire that this House will give Leave to Edward Miller Esquire, a Mem-

ber of this House, to attend their Lordships Tomorrow, in order to be examined as a Witness before the Sclcft Committee, appointed by their Lordships to take into Consideration so much of His Majesty's Speech as relates to the Dearth of Provisions.

And then the Mefl'cngers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will fend an Answer to the said Mcftage by Mefl'cngers of their own.

And the Mefl'cngers were again called in and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then they again withdrew.

A Motion was made, and the Question was pro-poled. That there be laid before this House, an Account of Bank Notes in Circulation, on an Average of every Three Months, in the Years 1797, 1798, 1799, and 1S00; distinguishing the Amount of Notes below the Value of Five Pounds.

A nd the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Motion was made, and the Question was pro-poled, That an humble Address be presented to His A hi jesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the utmost Economy be ul'ed in the Expenditure ot Corn by Holies used in the Service of Government.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the other Orders of the Day be now read;

Decembris. 1800.

A Mdlaee from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That His Majesty has appointed Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock, to be attended with the Address ot both 1 Ioufes of Parliament at His Palace of Saint James; and that their Lordships have ordered the Lord Steward and the Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty's Household to attend His Majesty therewith on the Part of the Lords, and do desire this House to appoint a proportionable Number of their Members to go with them.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That Four Members of this House do go with the Lords mentioned in the said Message, to attend His Majesty with the Address.

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder, Mr. William Dundas, Mr. Canning) and Lord Viscount Belgrave, do go with the Lords mentioned in the said Mcftage, to attend His Majesty with the Address.

And then the Messengers were again called in, and Mr. Sp'eaker acquainted them therewith.

And then they again withdrew.

Then the Question was again proposed. That the other Orders of the Day be now read.

And Notice being taken that Forty Members were not present; the House was told by Mr. Speaker; and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question tirft put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 30 die J

Anno '410 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1S00, Prayer s.

THE House met, and being counted by Mr.

Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were not present; yet it being Four of the Clock, Mr. Speaker took the Chair; and having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis^ 40 die Decembris;

Anno 41 Georgii IIP' Regis, 1800. Prayers.

THE House proceeded to take into Consideration the Mefl'age from the Lords, of last,

wherein their Lordships desire, that this House will give Leave that Edward Bliller Mundy, Esquire, a Member of this House, may attend the Sclcift Committee of the Lords, referred to in their Lordships laid Mefl'age.

And the said Mefl'age was read.

o #

And Mr. Mundy bang present, flood up in his

Place,

The

points tc be attended uith tie Addl'd of both Houses.

House appoints Four Memberi to attend His Majesty.

Houre adjourned.

Leave given. Mr. Muiuiy to attend a Select Committee of Lurdi.

4i Geo. III. 4 Decembris 891

Place, and declared that he was willing, with the Leave of the House, to go to the House of Lords, as is desired by their Lordships in the said Message *

Resolved, That Edward Miller Mundy, Esquire, a Member of this House, have Leave to go to the Lords, as is desired by their Lordships in their laid Message, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them, That this House hath given Leave to Edward Miller Mundy, Esquire, a Member of this House,

to go to the House of Lords, as is desired by their Lordships in their Message of Tuesday lad, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the said Message.

Cambridge A Petition of the Debtors confined in Cambridge J&ifSF' Callle; and also,

tuioiu. A Petition of the poor and distressed Prisoners confined for Debt in the Prison at in the County of Bucks;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Arlinghsm An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclos-yiff-rL ing the Waste Grounds, and also the Open Fields and

Meadows, and Commonable and Intermixed Lands, within the Parish of A, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 25. 1. 10. To leave out from the beginning of the Line to "And" ini. 28.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Waste Grounds, and also the Open Fields and Meadows, and Commonable and Intermixed Lands, within the Parish of Arlingham, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

RoI^BiS^ An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Towcester, through Silverston and in the County of

Northampton, and Ardley and Middleton Stoney, ton Gate, in the Parish of Weston on the Green, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Toivcester, through Silverston and Brackley, in the County of Northampton, and Ardley and Middleton Stoney, to Weston Gate, in the Parish of Weston on the Green, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That General Egerton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Report of Poi Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the further" B'll whole House, to whom the Bill for ascertaining the Po-fidered. pulation of Great Britain, was committed, be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

VOL. 55.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Arid the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. Bill, re-cora-

ReJ'olved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a nutted Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve considered itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Wrottesley took the Chair of the Committee *

Mf. Speaker resumed the Chair *

Sir John Wrottesley reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir John Wrottesley accordingly reported from the said report . Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at. the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to IndMnitjr indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify ®lll>ordere<1-themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace or others who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes; to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been damped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide,

Admissions duly stamped; to permit such Persons, as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Quali-< fications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time dire died by Law, and for extending the Time limited for that Purpose: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, art Account of Account of the Amount of Bank Notes in Circulation, on an Average of every Three Months, from the 25th inCircuiatiorf, Day of March 1797, in the Years 1797, 1798, 1799, ordered> and 1800; distinguishing the Amount of Notes below the Value of Five Pounds.

Mr. Long presented to the House, by His Majesty's Amount of Command, a Paper, intituled, " Amount of Sums paid nte eft oft " out of Supplies granted for the Service of the Year Bnfs^pre1800, for Interest on Three Million in Exchequer fe ted.

" Bills raised per Act 39 Geo. III. Cap. 70."

And the Title of the said Paper was read *

The said Paper is as followeth; m.

10 S AMOUNT

8p2

4° Decemb♦

1800 *

AMOUNT of Sums paid out of Supplies granted, for the Service of the Year 1800, for Interest on Thred

Million in Exchequer Bills, raised p Act,39 III. Cap. 70.

One Hundred and Fifty-one Thousand Six Hundred and Forty-three Pounds Sixteen Shillings and

Eight Pence.

Whitehall ', Treasury Chambers, 4th December 1800.

Charles Long.

An Twer to Addrtfs.

Bill for better Maintenance of the Poor, presented.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Refojutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

The Lords hare agreed to

Poor Relief Bill

Committee on Importation of Corn, &c.

Mr. Ryder reported to the House, that, pursuant to

the Order of Tuesday last, Mr. William Drndas, Mr.

Canning, Lord Viscount Belgrave, and himself, attended His Majesty, with the Lord Steward and Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty's Household, from the Lords, to present the Address agreed upon by both Houses to H is Majesty, and that they presented the same; to which His Majesty was pleased to give this moil Gra- Morning, cions Answer:

My Lords, and Gentlemen, ' , Ord, That the Report frorn the Committee of % e;

the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting Boun- committed I receive with great Satisfaction this new Proof of ties on the Importation of Wheat, Barley, Rye, and Bill, reported your Solicitude, on an Object so near My Heart as that Oats, and Whejten Flour and Rice, foy a Time to bq of contributing to the effectual Relief of My Subjects, limited, was re-committed, be now received, under the Pressure produced by the present Dearnefsof Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Corn-Corn. mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had

I will immediately give Directions for issuing My made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to Proclamation in Conformity to your Address, and I report to the House; and he read the Report in his

Place; ^nd afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table, where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that some further Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be again rc-committed. AlJain rtu ReJ'olved, That the said Bill be again re-comynitted to committed, a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee <}f the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

have no Doubt that all My Subjects will zealously concur with you in carrying it into full Effect.

Mr. Ryder presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making better Provision for the Maintenance of the Poor, and for diminishing the Consumption of Bread Corn, by directing the Manner of applying Parish Relief, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. Motion for

Amendment was proposed to be made to the That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, Address re-Question, by leaving out the Words " Tomorrow earnestly imploring His Majesty, That, taking into His £ngthe Morning and inserting the Words ‘ upon Monday R0yaj Consideration the Sufferings of His loyal and

" Morning next," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Tomorrow Morning" stated Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question-being put j

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr.

Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor;" without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ncg.

affectionate People, He will be graciously pleased no longer to listen to the Councils of His present Ministers, who by their Profusion and Extravagance have brought -their Country to the Brink of Famine and Ruin, and who by their Incapacity have flrewn themselves unequal to conduct the War with Effbdt, or enter into Negotiations of Peace with Honour;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Ysas, jj J"$r, ] ,3.

TeHersfor theNoes.[^rr;ff'; . ] 66.

So it pafl'ed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Commit^ on itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to permit the Importation of Herrings and other Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Fish, the Produce of the Fishery carried on in Nova itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider Scotia, New Newfoundland, and on the Coast

further of encouraging the Importation of Corn and of Labrador, into this Kingdom, without Payment of other Grain, Meal and Flour. Duty.

4

The

4i Geo. III. 40 — 50 Decemris. 893

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report, be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Suoply, de- Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, ferrcd. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways and Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning,

rjcans ter- ref0]ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for ratling the Supply granted to His Majesty.

0 .

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 5 die Decembris;

Anno 41 Georgii III1'1 Regis, 1800.

Prayers.

OffordCluney y ORD Frederick Montagu reported from the Com-reporud!J>U1 1 J mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclos-

ing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Waste, and -other Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Offord Cluney, in the County of Huntingdon, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be trye; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 62 Acres, 1 Rood, and xo Commonable Cottages, who were neuter; and also, the Owners of 65 Acres, 3 Roods, and 2 Commonable Cottages, who were applied to, but returned no Answer; and that the whole Property intended to be inclosed coniifts of 1,138 Acres, and 1 Rood, and the whole Number of Commonable Cottages is 34; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Newgate, A Petition of the poor distressed Prisoners confined

York, and for Debt in His Majesty's Gaol of Newgate, being 242 pebtors p#- in Number: And also,

talons. A Petition of the several Debtors confined in His Majesty's Gaol the Castle of York, in and for the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the unfortunate Debtors confined at Halifax Gaol;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Vol. 55.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Population Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for ascertaining the ?paUe - Population of Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill: viz.

Pr. 17. (In the Schedule) before Question 4, insert " N. B. If any Family occupies Two pr " more Houses in different Parishes,

" Townflxips, or Places, the Individuals " belonging to such Family, are to be " numbered only in those Parishes, Townflxips, or Places where they severally " happen to be at the Time of taking the " Account."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for ascertaining the Population of Great Britain, and the Increase or Diminution thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Abbot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bragge (according to Order) reported from the Report from Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Committee on to consider further of encouraging the Importation of oCorn'&" Corn and other Grain, Meal and Flour, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be given, on every Quarter of Pease which shall be imported into Great Britain before the ift Day of October 1801, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the Average Price in London, published in The Gazette in the Third Week after the Importation of such Pease, shall be less than Seventy-five Shillings per Quarter.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be given, on every Quarter of Beans which shall be imported into Great Britain before the ift Day of October 1801, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the Average Price in London, published in The Gazette in the Third Week after the Importation of such Beans, shall be less than Fifty Shillings/>ct Quarter.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be given, on every' Quarter of Oats w eighing Two Hundred and Sixty-four Pounds Weight Avoirdupois, or upwards, which shall be imported into Great Britain before the ift Day of October 1801, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the Average Price in,

f»ublished in The Gazette in the Third Week after the mportation of such Oats, shall be less than Forty Shillings per Quarter.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be given, on every Quarter of Barley weighing Three Hundred and Fifty-two Pounds Weight Avoirdupois, or upwards, which shall be imported into Great Britain before the ift Day of October 1801, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the Average Price in London, published in The Gazette in the Third Week after the Importation of such Barley, shall be less than Fifty Shillings per Quarter.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Commit- Inflruftlon. tee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting Bounties on the Importation of Wheat, Barley, Rye, and Oatq, and Wheaten Flour and Rice, for a Time to be limited, is again re-committed. That they have Power

to

Committee on Wheat, &c. Bounty, again re-i oimiiitted Bill.

reporttd.

House re solves to adjourn to Monday.

The Lords have agreed to

Malt Bill.

Pensions, &c. Duty Bill.

The Lords desire certain Members may attend a Select Committee there.

Leave given 5ir John Sinclair to attend a Select Committee of the Laid.

5° Decembris. A. iBocv

to nuke Provision in the said Bill, porfuant to the said Resolutions.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting Bounties on the Importation of Wheat, Barley, Rye, and Oats, and Wheaten Flour and Rice, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Sjteaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they

had made some further Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr.

Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in >

Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties on'Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That the Lords do desire that this House will give Leave to Sir John Sinclair, Baronet, Sir Watkin Williams Baronet, and Sir William Pulteney, Baronet, Members of this House, to attend their Lordships, Tomorrow, in order to be examined as Witnesses before the Select Committee appointed by their Lordships to take into Conlkleration so much of His Majesty's Speech as relates to the Dearth of Provisions.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will fend an Answer to that Part of the said Message which relates to the Attendance of certain Members of this House, by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then they again withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration that Part of the said Message, wherein their Lordships desire, that this House will give Leave that the Members of this House, therein mentioned, may attend the said Select Committee of the Lords.

And that Part of the said Message was read.

And Sir John Sinclair, Baronet, being present, flood Up in his Place; and declared that he was willing, with the Leave of the House, to go to the House of Lords, as is desired by their Lordships in the said Message.

Resolved, That Sir John Sinclair, Baronet, a Member of this House, have Leave to go to the Lords, as is desired by their Lordships in their said Message, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them, that this House hath given Leave to Sir John Sinclair, Baronet, a Member of this House, to go to the House of Lords, as is desired by their Lordships in their Message of this Day, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the said Message.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Nova Scotia, Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Bui, reamed, permit the Importation of Herrings and other Fish, the Produce of the Fishery carried on in Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Newjoundland, and on the Coast of into this Kingdom, without Payment of Duty, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee haft made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the-Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second pm for better Reading of the Bill for making better Provision for the Maintenance of the Poor, and for diminishing the committed.' Consumption of Bread Corn, by directing the Manner of applying Parish Relief, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, -That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to parliament resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ®!}jldjnp , consider further of the Bill to enable Commissioners to 1 ' c e purchase certain Buildings for the Accommodation of the Two Houses of Parliament;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, defer-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to red-consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Way and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to de

consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Motion for a That a Committee be appointed to examine into the examTnTinHT State of the Gold Coin, and to report the fame, with the state of their Opinion thereupon, to the House; Coin30' 1

The Neg.

i>are given 6ir William Pulteney to attend a Select Committee of the Lord ,.

fcoyal Assent to Billi,

41 Geo. III.

50 — 86 De.

89S

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative

Mr. Tier hey,

Mr. St. John t 1'Mr. Charles Mr. Henry ‘Thornton:

| 16.

}32.

Sir William Pultertey being now in the House, so much of the Message from the Lords, of this Day, as desires that this House will give Leave to him, and other Members of this House therein mentioned, to attend a Select Committee of the Lords, was communicated to him.

And Sir William Pulteney stood up in his Place, and declared that he was willing, with the Leave of the House, to go to the House of Lords, as is desired by their Lordships in the said Message.

Resolved, That Sir William , Baronet, a Mem-

ber of this House, have Leave to go to the Lords, as is desired by their Lordships in their said Message, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them, That this House hath given Leave to Sir William Pulteney, Baronet, a Member of this House, to go to the House of Lords, as is desired by their Lordships, in their Message of this Day, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That Mr. Bhaggi do carry the said Message.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt,'Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One:

An Act for suspending, until the Twentieth Day of AugttjlOne thousand Eight hundred and One, the Duties on Hops imported, and for charging other Duties in lieu thereof:

An Act to prohibit, until the First Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and Two, the Use of Corn in distilling of Spirits or making of Starch:

An Act for continuing, until the Expiration of Forty Days after the Commencement of the First Session of Parliament that shall be begun and holden after the First Day of September One thousand Eight hundred and One, several Laws relating to the prohibiting the Exportation, and permitting the Importation of Corn and other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty; to the allowing the Use of Sugar in the brewing of Beer; to the reducing the Duties upon Spiritsdistilled from Melasses and Sugar; and to the prohibiting the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, and certain other Articles, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland:

An Act for shortening, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and One, the Time of keeping in Steep for Malting, Barley damaged by Rain in the late Harvest:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Relief and " Employment of the Poor

An Act for naturalizing Joseph Augujfus *

merfeh.

Luncs, 8 die Decembris;

Anno 41® Georgii III. " Regis, 1800. Prayers.

A MESSAGE by Mr. Yeoman Uflier1 of

the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Af-sent to the several Public Bills and One Private Bill ♦herein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: And that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Duke of Portland, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One:

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, Vo 1. 55.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Wendover, in the County of Buckingham, in the room of John Hiley Addington, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty'? Exchequer.

Sir Watkin Williams Wynn being now in the House; so much of the Message from the Lords; of Friday last, as desires that this House will give Leave to him, and other Members of this House therein mentioned, to attend a Select Committee of the Lords, was commurti cated to him.

And Sir Watkin Williams Wynn stood up in his Place, and declared that he was willing, with the Leave of the House, to go to the House of Lords, as is desired by their Lordships in the said Message.

Resolved, That Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, Baronet, a Member of this House, have Leave to go the Lords, as is desired by their Lordships in their said Message, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them, that this House hath given Leave to Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, Baronet, a Member of this House, to go to the House of Lords, as is desired by their Lordships in their Message of Friday last, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That Mr. Long do carry the said Message.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Waite, and other Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Offord Cluney, in the County of Huntingdon, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Waste, and other Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Offord Cluney, in the County of Huntingdon.

10 T,

Wendover

Writ.

Leave given Sir Watkin Williams Wynn to attend a Select Committee of the Lords,

Offord Cluney Inclosure Bill, passed *

8d Decembr *

l upin's Nnt. Bill, committed.

Committee on

Parliament

Buildings

Bill.

Committee of Supply.

Amount of interest on Exchequer Bills, referred.

Nova Scotia, &c. Fishery Bill passed.

896

Ordered, That Lord Frederick Montagu do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Charles Michel Lull in, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Anderson, Mr. Alderman Curtis,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to enable Commissioners to purchase certain Buildings for the Accommodation of the Two Houses of Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Amount of " Sums paid out of Supplies granted for the Service of " the Year 1800, for Interest on Three Million in Exchequer Bills raised per Ad 39 Geo. III. Cap. 70," be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to permit the Importation of Herrings and other Fish, the Produce of the Fishery carried on in Nova Scotia, New wick, Newfoundland, and on the Coast of into this Kingdom, without Payment of Duty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to permit, until the First Day of October One thousand Eight hundred and One, the Importation of Herrings and other Fish, the Produce of the Fishery carried on in Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Newfoundland, and on the Coast of Labrador, into this Kingdom, without Payment of Duty.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

8

1800.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making better Provision for the Maintenance of the Poor, and for diminishing the Consumption of Bread Corn, by directing the Manner of applying Parish Relief, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Refolded, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace or others who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes; to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to be Hamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to permit such Persons, as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time directed by Lawr, and for extending the Time limited for that Purpose: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for granting Bounties on the Importation of Wheat, Barley, Rye, and Oats, and Wheaten Flour and Rice, for a Time to be limited, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr.11. I.33. After "Shillings to insert " Provided always, That Three Hundred " and Sixty-four Pounds Weight, " Avoirdupois, of Indian Meal, " shall be deemed equal to One " Quarter of Indian Corn or Maize."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be, An Act for granting Bounties on the Importation of Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Peale, Beans, and Corn, and of Barley, Rye, Oat, and Indian Meal, and Wheaten Flour and Rice.

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis,

Bill for better Maintenance of the Poor, deferred.

Indemnity Bill, prd'ent ed *

Wheat, 8cc. Bounty Bill passed.

Ways and Means deferred.

Brecknock-shire Debtors Petition.

Lullin's Nat. Bill, reported] and passed.

Schroder's Nat. Bill, reported.

Second Re port from Committee < ProviHoast

Report Supply.

Exchequer Bills.

41 Ge6. III. d° Decemiris897

Martis, 90 dieDecembris }

Anno 41 Georgii III"1 Regis, 1800. Prayers.

A PETITION of the Debtors in the County Gaol of Brecknockshire, was presented to the House,

and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing - Michel

was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to re port the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing John Frederick,

was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table. Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Mr. Ryder reported from the Committee appointed to consider of the present high Price of Provisions; and to whom so much of His Majesty's most Gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament, as relates thereto, anefalfo the several Petitions presented to the House complaining of the high Price of Provisions, were referred; That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Fifty-one Thousand Six Hundred and Forty-three Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been paid for Interest on Exchequer Bills made out pursuant to an Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for raising the Sum of Three ,.Vot. 55.

" Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service " of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninetynine."

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was; upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable Commissioners to purchase certain Buildings for the Accommodation of the Two Houses of Parliament, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace or others who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes; to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to permit such Persons, as have omitted to malqs and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for that Purpose, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of permitting Swedish Herrings to be imported, Duty-free, for the Purpose of being exported from this Kingdom.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Assistants, of the Borough of Leeds, in the County of York, in Common Hall assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners feel it their Duty at this Time to state to the House, that the Condition of the labouring People in that populous Borough'and its Neighbourhood is extremely deplorable, owing to the excessive high Price of Corn, and other Articles of Sustenance; and that they are chiefly Manufacturers of Woollen Goods, or connected therewith, and the Produce of their Labour is almost un-fideable, from the general Inability of the Poor to puchase Clothing; and that the Master Manufacturers (a numerous and most valuable Class of Men) have struggled for focne Time with the greatest Difficulties, in endeavouring to find Employment for their Workmen,

but.

[ by

Parliament

Buildings Bill *

reported.

Indemnity

Bill, committed.

Duty on Swe-di£h Herrings, to be conli-dered.

Petition from Leeds, re f petting the high Price of Corn.

Committee on Bill for the better Maintenance of the Poor.

reported.

Accounts of

Oats, &c. purchased for Government, -p relented.

Jamaica, &c. t ree Poi t Acts, to be

contidcrtd.

898 90 — 1 o° D. oo>

but, from the Cause above dated, their Goods cannot be vended in sufficient Quantity, even at Prices below the actual Cost, and a most ruinous and distressing Accumulation of them remains upon their Hands, whilst their Stock of Trading Capital (a Source of incalculable Benefit to the Country when employed by them) is sinking so rapidly, that, unless some immediate and effectual Remedy to the Evil can be applied, the most fatal Consequences to them, and all who depend upon them for Employment, must inevitably ensue: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their serious Consideretion, and to adopt such strong and efficacious Measures for giving Relief therein as may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to Consider of the present high Price of Provisions.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making better Provision for the Maintenance of the Poor, and for diminishing the Consumption of Bread Corn, by directing the Manner of applying Parish Relief, for a Time to be limited.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Oats, Hay, and Straw, purchased for the Use of the Cavalry serving in Great Britain, and of the Price paid for the same, for One Year, ending at Michaelmas 1800: And also,

N 1. War Office — Account of the Quantity of Oats, Hay, and Straw, purchased for the Use of the Cavalry in Quarters serving in Great , and of the Price

paid for the same, for One Year, from 25th September 1799 to 24th September 1800: And also,

N° 2. Barrack Office — An Account of the Quantity df Oats, Hay, and Straw, purchased for the Use of Government, and the Price paid for the same, for the Year ending at Michaelmas 1800: And also,

N° 3. Return of the Quantities of Oats, Hay, and Straw, purchased by the Commissary General for the Use of Government, and the Prices paid for the same, for the Year ending at Michaelmas 1800.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Return were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Return do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the

House.

The said Accounts and Return are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Section.'

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-sevent h Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing the Importation " and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Mer-c< chandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah La Mar,

" Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island of " mate a ,in the Port of Sain George in the‘Island of " Grenada, in the Port of R in the Island of minica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island of " New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, under " certain Regulations and Restrictions," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend an Act, passed " in the Twenty-feVenth Year of His present Majesty's " Reign, intituled, An Act for allowing the Impontation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares,

" and Merchandizes, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah " La Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island

" of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island " of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Najj'au in the Island of New " Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, under certain " Regulations and Restrictions," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to cohlider of the said Acts.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii,i o° die Decembris;

Anno 41 Georgii III. U Regis, 1800.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Prifotiers confined for Debts in the Sheriffs Ward or Prison at Exeter, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Frederick Schroder, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pafsAnd that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing John Frederick Schroder.

Ordered, That Mr. Shaw Lefevre do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Walton (from the Governor and Company of the Bank of England) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of Bank of England Notes in Circulation, on an Average of every Three Months, from 25th March 1797, in the Years 1797, 1798, 1799, and 1800; distinguishing the Amount of Notes below the Value of Five Pounds.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty? be now read.

And

Exeter Debtors Petition.

Schroder's Nat. Bill, passed.

Account of Amount of Bank Notes ia Circulation presented.

Committee of Ways and Means.

4i Geo. III.

io° — 11° D

899

Account to be prefcii let

Supply, deferred.

Second Report from Committee on Provisions, considered.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved if felt into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. 'agge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bt 'agge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive tire lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve it (elf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account, which was this Day presented to the House by Mr. IVaiton (from the Governor and Company of the Batik of England) be printed, as shall be Sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itle't into a Committee of the whole House, tocon-fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Rfo. 'ved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report which was Yesterday made from the Committee appointed to consider of the p re lent high Price of Provisions; and to whom so much of His Majesty's most Gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament, as relates thereto, and also the several Petitions presented to the House complaining of the high Price of Provisions, were referred.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

The Bill (now ingrafted) to enable Commissioners to purchase certain Buildings for the Accommodation of the Two Houses of Parliament, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable Commissioners to purchase certain Buildings for the Accommodation of the Two Houses of Parliament. *

Ordered, That Mr. Bragg edo carry the Bill to the Lords, and clefire their Concurrence.

Indemnity The Order of the Day being read, for the House to ' Bill, deterred, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify, justices of the Peace or others who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes; to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been loft or millaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to permit such Persons, as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Vol. 55.

Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for that Purpose;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to rJmy on swe-consider of permitting SccedijhHerrings to be imported,

Duty-free, for the Purpose of being exported from this Kingdom;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

cii(h Herrings, deferred.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making better Provision for the Maintenance of the Poor, and for diminiftiing the Consumption of Bread Corn, by directing the Manner of applying Parish Relief, for a Time to be limited, was committed.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Report of Bill for better Maintenance of the Poor, further confide red.

Bill, re-com ted.

Referred to n Committee of the whole House.

Parliament Buildings Bill, passed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of several Acts, made in the Twenty-lbventh deferred. ' and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relative to allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah La Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island of Grenada, in the Port oiRo-

feau, in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of in the Island of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 110 die Decembris;

Anno 41° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1800.

1

Praters.

MR. William Dv.ndasreported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill for the better Relief of the Poor in the City of Edinburgh, and the Suburbs thereof, and certain Districts adjoining thereto, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if tire said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

10 U A Petition

Edinburgh Poor Rcncf Bill, reported.

poo

110 Decem

A. 1800 *

jftritl >1 .1 n 1

Ki nation u»vm Hnl! Dc for Pt-vtions.

Removal of r> roh i hit rd Fall India Goods, to be conliJered.

Yvtrort Ways and Means.

A T ctition of the Debtors \\Andalfo,

A Petition of the several Debtors confined in the G 10I in and for the Town and County of the Town of Kiugjion upon Hull;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Complaining of their Distrel's, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for permitting certain Goods, imported from the Eafl Indies ,to be warehoused; and for

" repealing the Duties now payable thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, To-mofrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of permitting Lidia Goods prbibi-ted to be worn or used in this Kingdom, and which shall have been warehoused, to be removed by Land Carriage, to certain Ports for the Purpose of being exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in the Indies.

Mr. Pragge, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Three Millions Five Hundred Thou-land Pounds be raised By Loans or Exchequer Bills.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought, in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Brugge, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Lord

Granville LeveJonGoner, Mr. Attorney General, Mr.

Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admiftions duly stamped; to permit fuclv Persons, as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for that Purpose, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to re- ' port, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved. That an Act, tnade in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for further continuing, until the First Day of February

One thousand Eight hundred and One, an Act, " made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for further continuing, until the First Day of " Liar eh One thousand Eight hundred, an Act, made " in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act " to empower His Majesty to secure and detain such " Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring " against His Person and Government," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing the said Act, for a Time to be limited;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for lie Yeas, .

Tellers for the Noes, ^I O'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General and Mr. Perceval do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

dilii'Htrriiigt" to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of permitting Herrings to be imported Duty-free, for the Purpose of being exported from this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The I louse resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they

had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Committ- on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House lmy-iimity to resolve into a Committee of the whole House, upon tl " the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to

qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, wffio have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes; to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towms, whole Admissions have been omitted to be lumped according to Law, or, having been stamped.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which, upon ‘Ttiefday last, was made from the Committee appointed to consider of the present high Price of Provisions; and to whom lo much of His Majesty's most Gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament, as relates thereto, and also the several Petitions presented to the House complaining of the high Price of Provisions, w'erc referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

t

The House being informed that there w'ere some Mistakes in the Accounts presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary at War, upon last;

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Accounts, in order to the presenting other Accounts instead thereof.

A Petition of several Planters and Merchants con-nested with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and

Bill to

tinue Habeas Corpus Suf-t>ension A&, ordered.

Committee oa Second Report from Committee on. Provisions.

Account of Oats, See. withdrawn,. and other ordered.

Petition of Planters, See of Grenada and Saint Vincent' .

4i Geo. III. It® — 12® Decembris. 901

Saint Vincent, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty s Command) acquainted, the House That His Majesty having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Confederation of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up and read: Setting forth, That, by an Act, passed in the Thirty-lifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, a Loan of Exchequer Pills was granted for the Relief of the Petitioners, the Payment whereof has, by several Acts, been purported; and that the Petitioners have re-paid Part of the Loan advanced to them under the said Act, but from the great Lodes which they have sustained by the Insurrections in the said Islands, the long Time requi-lite to re-fettie the Plantations destroyed and injured by those Calamities, and the unexpected Stagnation experienced last Year in the Markets for the Sale of West India Produce, aggravated by an unexampled dry Sea-Ion, and an extraordinary short Crop in the present Year, have entirely prevented the Petitioners from making any Provision for Re-payment of the Remainder of the said Loan: And therefore praying, That further . Time may be allowed for the Re-payment of the Re-

mainder of the said Loan, in such Manner as the House shall think just and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Committee The House, according to Order, resolved itself into onre-.commit- a Committee of the whole House, to consider further benerMain- of the Bill for making better Provision for the Maintenance of the tenance of the Poor, and for diminishing the Con-Poor. fumption of Bread Corn, by directing the Manner of

applying Parish Relief, for a Time to be limited.

Mr. Speaker left the Char'r.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Committefon The other Order of the Day being read;

FrTePort' ' The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Acts. whole 1 louse, to consider of several Acts, made in the

Twenty-seventh and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty,' relative to allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Savannah La

Alar, MontegoBav, and Santa Lucea, in the Island of

‘ Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island of Grenada, in the Port of in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of in the Island of New

Providence, one of the Islands, under certain

Regulations and Restrictions.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That he 1 was directed by the Committee to make a Motion; when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Reported. Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making the Port of Amsterdam, in the Island of Curaçao, a FreePort.

And Mr. Bragge moved the House accordingly.

Vox.. 55.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Cura<-?.o Free making the Port of Amsterdam, in the Island of , or"

a FreePort; and that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Roje: And Mr. re Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Venerisy i 20 d

Anno 41® Georgii IIP" Regis, 1800;

PbAYERS:

f\RDERED, That there belaid before this House Account of an Account of the Amount of the Public Funded ^J^Debt Debt of the Kingdom, at the following Periods; viz. ordered, at the Beginning of the Years 1700 — 1710 — 1720 —

1730 — r;40 — 1750 — 1760 — 1765 — X77C — r 775 —

1780 — 1785 — 1790 — 1791 — 1792 — 1793 — 1794 — '

1795 — 1796 — 1797 — 1798 — 1799, and 1800.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, accord- Bill to coning to Order, a Bill for further continuing, for a Time tinue Habeas to be limited, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parlia- nrt;"n Act, ment, intituled, "An Act for further continuing, until prei'ented. u the First Day of February One thousand Eight hundred and One, an Act, made in the last Session of " Parliament, intituled, An Act for further continu- ing, until the First Day of March One thousand " Eight hundred, an Act, made in the last Session of " Parliament, intituled, An Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against His Person and Government And the same was received; and read the First Time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes,

(The Lord tJawke/bury, I Mr. Nicholas Vianfutart: (Mr. Jol/iffe,

Mr. Hobhouse:

\s6-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Long presented to the House, according to Or- Exchequer der, a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans Bills Bill, pre-or^Sichequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One iented thousand Eight hundred and One: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ryder presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Copy of an Order of His Majesty in Council, dated 10th December 1800, to prohibit the Exportation, and permit the Importation, of Corn: And also.

Copy of an Order of His Majesty in Council, dated 10th December 1S00, to prohibit the Exportation of Provisions or Food.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read;

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Selfiori.

A Message

Orders ift Council respecting Com, &c.

] !‘f I^Tk\z frw.c stjice J to

Towctftrr Kua^i bn! *

Sunning Koaiis tiill.

1 !>? I-onls i\\".c a Copy of Second Re-p )rt on Pro-

vinoMi,may be communicated to them.

C«py Tent to the Lords.

Address for

Report, &c. re l prating Colei I> <rh Field Prii'on.

Account of Amount of Knk Notes v. it iidmvvn, and another Mi tiered.

to con-

1 in tie Acts re-fpfCting Ai en or- dereJ.

9O2

i 20 Deceinhris.

A. 1800.

A from th: Loid?, by Mr. Spy anger and

Mu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Col, intituled, An Act to continue, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the Lnd of the then next of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, polled in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from through Stiver-

Jtou and Br^ckley, in the County of North.an [ton, and

yjrd/ev and Middleton Stoner, to Gate, in the

Parish of Weston on the Green, in the County of ford , without any Amendment: And also,

The I/ords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-lccond Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of 1 iis j'.relent Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called The 0!d Gal-lo:s,in the Parish ct Sunning, in the County of Berks, through Wokingham, Nezv Band Sunning Iii//, to Virginia Hater, in the Parish of Egham, in the County of Surrey; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House. That the Lords do request that this House will be pleated to communicate to their Lordships, a Copy of the Second Report, made from a Committee of tLis Lloufe appointed to consider of the present high Price of Provisions.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration that Part of the said Message, which requeds that this House will communicate to their Lordships a Copy of the Report therein mentioned.

Refo/veily That this House will send to the Lords a printed Copy of the said Report, as desired by their Lordships.

And the Meflejigers were again'called in j and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith; and a printed Copy was delivered to them, to be communicated to the Lords.

And then they again withdrew.

Refohued, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Report, made by the Commissioners appointed by His Majesty to enquire into the State of the Prii'on in Cold Bath Fields: together with a Copy of the Commiss.on.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of Elis Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

The House being informed of a Mistake in the Account of the Amount of Bank of England Notes in Circulation, on an Average of every Three Months, from 25th March 1797, in the Years 1797, 1798, 1799, and 1800, distinguishing the Amount of Notes below the Value of Five Pounds, which was presented to the Ilcufe upon Wednesday lad;

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Account, in order to the prdenting another Account indead thereof.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for edablishing Regulations refpocling Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident " therein, in certain Cales," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

9.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing, until the id Day of 1800, and to the End of the then next Session of h arliament, and amending, the said Act, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House w'as also moved. That another Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the said last mentioned Act, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the said Acts, for a Time to be limited:

And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the p,;u to con. Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Ma- timie Act for jedy, intituled, "An Act for the better Prevention of Attempt " and Punishment of Attempts to leduee Persons to reduce sea " serving in His Majesty's Forces, by Sea or Land., Jor " from their Duty and Allegiance to His Mqjdly, dered.'

" or to incite them to Mutiny or Dii'obedience," might be read.

And the same w;as read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the said Att, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for f urther continuing the said fird mentioned Act, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for further continuing the said fird mentioned Act, and for other Purposes, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That another Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for further continuing the said fird mentioned Act until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing the said Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for a Time to be limited: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House w'as moved, That the several Acts, made Bill to amend in the Thirty-eighth and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and in the last Session Act, ordered, of Parliament, relative to the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax, might be read.

And the same "being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said Acts: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Motion was made, and the Question lacing proposed, That it is a high Crime and Misdemeanor for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in Ejections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament;

Ordered, That the Orders of the Day be now read. Orders of t! e

And the Order of the Day being accordingly read, Day read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the Ways and whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means ^rred^'de for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

:cd}

Committee of Supply.

Second Report on Provisions, rcfermL

Edinburgh Poor Relief Bdi, deferred.

Committee on Removal of prohibited j£aft India Goods, deferred.

Report from Committee on Duty on Swe-di(h Herrings.

Indemnity Bill, reported.

41 Geo. III.

Resolved, 'that this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Report which, upon Tuesday last, was made from the Committee appointed to consider of the present high Price of Provisions; and to whom so much of His Majesty's most Gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament, as relates thereto, and also the several Petitions presented to the House complaining of the high Price of Provisions, were referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. 1

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for the better Relief of the Poor in the City of Edinburgh, and the Suburbs thereof, and certain Districts adjoining thereto;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of permitting East India Goods prohibited to be worn or used in this Kingdom, and which shall have been warehoused, to be removed by Land Carriage to certain Ports, for the Purpose of being exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in the Indies; '

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of permitting Swedish Herrings to be imported. Duty-free, for the Purpose of being exported from this Kingdom;

Mr. Bragge reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that Szvedish Herrings should be permitted to be imported free of Duty.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the 41oule.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace or others who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications \0L.55.

903

within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes; to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been loll or millaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to permit such Persons, as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for that Purpose, was committed;

Mr. Bragge reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in- . grofied.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report, which, upon Tuesday last, was made from the Committee appointed to consider of the present high Price of Provisions; and to whom so much of His Majesty's most Gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament, as relates thereto, and also the several Petitions presented to the House complaining of the high Price of Provisions, were referred;

Mr. Bragge reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient to allow the Use of Salt Dutyfree, for the Purpose of preserving Herrings in Bulk, for a Time to be limited.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Bounty allowed on Pilchards cured and exported, be allowed on all Pilchards now cured, whether exported, or fold for Home Consumption.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Persons engaged in the Herring Fishery, or in going to or returning from the said Fishery, should be protected from being impressed into His Majesty's Service, for a Time to be limited.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making better Provision for the Maintenance of the Poor, and for dimi nishing the Consumption of Bread Corn, by directing the Manner of applying Parilfi Relief, for a Time to be limited, was re-committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table 5 Where

10 the

12° Decembris.

Report from Committee oil SecondRcport on Provisions,

Report on recommitted Bill for better Maintenance of the Poor.

9°4

the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, Declaring, that instead of Fine Wheaten Bread given in Charity, Justices may order a Distribution of Household Bread of the same Value.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday looming next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. have Leave to make a

Motion, it being after Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly;

Reports on Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, wbPe'eonfider- ref°lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ed. consider of the First and Second Reports which, upon

the 14th Day of November last, were made from the Select Committee appointed to enquire what Public General Laws have expired within Twelve Months preceding the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament; and also, what Laws are about to expire within Twelve Months subsequent to the Commencement of the present Session, or in the Course of the next Session, or at the End thereof; and to report the fame, from Time to Time, to the House, with their Opinion which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual.

Curaçao Free Mr. Ryderpresented to the House, according to fcjued.11'F< Order, a Bill for making the Port of in the

Island of Curaçao, a Free Port: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr-. Ryder have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

1800.

Luruzy 150 dieDecembris;

Anno 41 Georgii lip'1 Regis, 1800.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Holford the Lordi and Mr. Graves: hare agreed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Now Scotia, to permit, until the First Day of October One thousand &c- Fishc7 Eight hundred and One, the Importation of Herrings ' and other Fish, the Produce of the Fishery carried on in Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Newfoundland, and on the Coast of Labrador, into this Kingdom, without Payment of Duty; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Wheat, he. for granting Bounties on the Importation of Wheat, Bounty Bill Barley, Rye, Oats, Peale, Beans, and Indian Com, and of Barley, Rye, Oat, and Indian Meal, and Wheaten Flour and Rice; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. JValton (from the Account of Governor and Company of the Bank of England) at-

t 1 3 ,. , . , BankNotesul

tended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, circulation, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, presented.

An Account of the Amount of Bank of England Notes in Circulation, on an Average of every Three Months, from the 25th Day of March 1797, in the Years 1797, 1798, 1799, and 1800; distinguishing the Amount of Notes below the Value of Five Pounds.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other

Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to LitkeardWnt the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Liskeard, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of the Right honourable Mur-rough O'Bryen, Earl of Inchiquin in the Kingdom of Ireland, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

12° — 130 — 150 .

House adjourned.

Sabbati, 130 die Decembris;

Anno 41® Georgii IIIlU Regis, 1800. Prayers.

THE House met; and being counted by Mr.

Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were not present; yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr. Speaker took the Chair; and, having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present; Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, ac- Bill to conti. cording to Order, a Bill for continuing, for a Time to )ue Aa re' be limited. Three Acts, made in the Thirty-third and AUensfpre-Thirty-eighth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for stated. establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cafes:

And the fame'was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Royal Affimt 3 to Bills.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to l'everal Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the imme-. diate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly. Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's

Commission

A Message Black Rod:

Exchequer Bills Bill, committed.

Indemnity Bill, passed.

41 Geo. 111. 15a Decetobris. 9O5

Commission afore-mentioned. had been at the House of and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of

Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Afient to the several Public Bills, and One Private Bill, therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of , His

Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Walsingham, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting Bounties on the Importation of Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Pease, Beans, and Indian Corn, and of Barley, Rye, Oat, and Indian Meal, and Wheaten Flour and Rice:

An Act to permit, until the First Day of One thousand Eight hundred and One, the Importation of Herrings and other Fish, the Produce of the Fishery tarried on in Nova Scotia, New Newfoundland,

and on the Coast of Labrador, into this Kingdom, without Payment of Duty:

An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called The Old Gallows, in the Parish of Sin the County of Berks, through Wokingham, New and Sunning

Hill, to Virginia Wtiter, in the Parish of Egkam, in the County of Surrey: '

An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, palfed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from through

Silverston and Brackley, in the County of Northampton, and Ardley and Middleton Stoney, to Weflon Gate, in the

Parish of Wefon on the Green, in the County of Oxford: . An Act for naturalizing Charles Michel Lullin.

Ordered, That the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One, be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace or others who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes; to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, of, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to permit such Persons, as have omitted to make Vo E. 55,

Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for that Purpose, be now read the Third Time. _ '

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace or others who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the TimeJoiredted by Law, and for extending the Time limited foi those Purposes until the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Eight hundred and One; to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them until the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Eight hundred and One, to provide Adj millions duly stamped; to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand Eight hundred and One; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for that Purpose, until the First Day of September One thousand Eight hundred and One,

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Ryder reported from the Committee appointed to Third Report consider of the present high Price of Provisions; and to teeon ProrU whom so much of His Majesty's most Gracious Speech &> from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament, as relates thereto, and also the several Petitions presented to the House complaining of the high Price of Provisions, were referred; That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred^ and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to:

" permit Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of " Bread," should be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, in order to make more effectual Provision for that Purpose, it is expedient to allow mixed Bread, and -every Species of Wheaten Bread, except the Bread made of Fine Household Flour, to be made and fold without Assize.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Provisions of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, u An Act to prohibit, until " the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, any Person or Persons from felling any Bread which shall not " have been baked a certain Time," should be continued, with such Amendments as may make the same more effectual.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is expedient to allow the Use of Salt Duty-free for the Purpose of preserving Pilchards, Mackarel, and every other Kind and Species of wholesome Fish, either in Bulk or in Barrels, for a Time to be limited.

The Three Virft Resolutions of the Committee being

severally

Duties re-

spelting Quarantine, to be confuicred.

Edinburgh Poor Relief Bill, passed.

Report Supply.

For laying i Stores of He rings, &c.

906

150 Decembris.

A. 1800.

Redemption Atts, presented.

Grenada ahi Saint Vincent's Loan Extension Bill, ordered.

consider of the subsequent Resolution of the said Committee, and which has been postponed.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the lift Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " erecting a Lazaret on Chetney Hilly in the County of " Kent, and for reducing into One Act the Laws re-

severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question Mr. presented to the'House, according to Or- Bill to amend

severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House. der, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, Land Tax.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee, being the several Acts made in the Thirty-eighth and Thirty-read a Second Time, was postponed. ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the in the last Session of Parliament, for the Redemption First and Second Resolutions of the said Committee, and and Purchase of the Land Tax: And the same was re-which have been agreed to by the House: And that ceived; and read the First Time.

Mr. Ryder, the Lord Hawkesbury, Mr. Roje, Mr. Long, RefoThat the Bill be read a Second Time.

and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the lame. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Tme.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the Tomorrow Morning.

Third Resolution of the said Committee, and which has

been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Ryder, the The House was moved. That the Petition of several Lord Hankesbury, Mr. Roje, Mr. Long, and Mr. Bragge, Planters and Merchants connected with, and trading to,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame. — the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, which was pre-

Refo/ved, That this House will, To-riorrow Morning, fented to the House upon Thursday last, and then or-relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to dered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enabling His Majesty to direct the Blue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, for the Purposes and in the Manner therein mentioned, together with several Acts, made in the Thirty-seventh and Thirty-lating to Quarantine, and for making further Pro- ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and " vision therein," might be read. in the last Session of Parliament, for allowing further

And the same was read accordingly. Time for the Payment of Instalments on certain Sums

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, advanced by Way of Loan to certain Persons connected resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to with, and trading to, the Blands of Grenada and Saint consider of the Duties granted by the said Act. Vincent, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly j . Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the better Relief Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for of the Poor in the City of Edinburgh, and the Suburbs extending the Time for the Payment of certain Sums thereof, and certain Districts adjoining thereto, be now of Money, advanced by Way of Loan to several Per-read the Third Time. fons connected with, and trading to, the Islands of Gre-

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time. nada and Saint Vincent: And that Mr. Lushington, Sir The Amendments following were severally proposed William Toung, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring to be made to the Bill; viz. in, the fame.

Pr. 6. L35.' After "And" to insert "whereas the College of Justice have Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for making better Provision for the Maintenance of the Poor, and for di-. minishing the Consumption of Bread Corn, by directing the Manner of applying Parish Relief, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House j and Bill, by Way of Ryder, For appointing Persons to af-the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. fist the Overseers in carrying the Act into Execution.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title And the said Clause was Twice read, and amended,

be. An Act for the better Relief of the Poor in the City And then the said Clause was read the Third Time;

of Edinburgh, and the Suburbs thereof, and certain Dif- and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by trifts adjoining thereto. the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of

Ordered, That Mr. William Dundas do carry the Bill Ryder, to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to

the Bill, by Way of Ryder, For directing Compenfa-Ordered', That the Report from the Committee of the tion to Persons employed, to be made out of the Poor whole House, to whom it was referred to consider fur- Rates.

agreed upon this Occasion to " waive their Privileges of Exemption from Poor Rates and after " it " to insert " therefore."

1. 38. To leave out from " Privileges to " And " in 1.40. and insert " whatever" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question

Bill for better Maintenance of the Poor, passed,

r-

ther of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now received.

' Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be applied under such Regulations as His Majesty shall think fit, for the Purpose of laying in Stores of Herrings, and other Fish, at convenient Places, and of distributing them for the Use of different Parts of the Kingdom.

And the said Clause was brought up, and Twice read.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and had directed him to

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, report the same to the House, without any Amendment; upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the and he delivered the Clause in at the Clerk's Table. House. And the said Clause was read the Third Time i and,

+ upoa

West India Commissiont-ers of Accounts Bill, ordered.

Order for Second Reading of Bill to continue Habeas Corpus Suf-pcnjion. Act, Rad.

Petition of Paul Thomas Lemaitrc, pre-ftuted.

Rrjeited.

Bill to continue Habeas Corpus Suf-pension Act, committed.

41 Geo. III. 150 — 1 66Decembrist 907

upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 21. I.24. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to "And" in 1. 38.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be. An Act for making better Provision for the Maintenance of the Poor, and for diminishing the Consumption of Bread Corn, by directing the Manner of applying Plrish Relief, until the Sixth Day of November One thousand Eight hundred and One, and from thence until the End of Six Weeks after the Meeting of the then next Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to authorize His Majesty to appoint Commissioners for the more effectual Examination of Accounts of Public Expenditure, for His Majesty's Forces in the West Indies: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. SteelMr. , Mr. Long, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for further continuing, " until the First Day of February One thousand Eight " hundred and One, an Act, made in the last Session " of Parliament, intituled, An Act for further continuing, until the First Day of March One thousand " Eight hundred, an Act, made in the last Session of " Parliament, intituled, An Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against His Person " and Government

A Petition of Paul Thomas was presented to

the House, and read; Complaining of his Imprisonment under the Provisions of the several Acts for empowering His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall fulped are conspiring against His Person and Government, and requesting that the House will institute an Enquiry, or take such other Means as they may deem expedient, in order that the Petitioner may be brought to Trial, or discharged.

And a Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Petition do lie upon the Table;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers lor tire Yeas, fg' } 8.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition be rejected.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Bill be now read a Second Time j The House divided.

The Noes.went forth.

Tellers for ,he Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes, F \

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved', That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w'hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Vol. 55.

Ordered, That the Bill for making the Port of Am-Jierdam, in the Island of Curaçao, a Free Port, be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Upon the said Bill;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the First and Second Reports which, upon the 14th Day of November last, were made from the Select Committee appointed to enquire what Public General Laws have expired within Twelve Months preceding the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament; and also, what Laws are about to expire within Twelve Months subsequent to the Commencement of the present Session, or in the Course of the next Session, or at the End thereof; and to report the fame, from Time to Time, to the House, with their Opinion which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Prevention and

Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving " in His Majesty's Forces, by Sea or Land, from their " Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite " them to Mutiny of DisobedienceAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 16® die Decembris \

Anno 4j° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1800. Prayers.

MR. Lushingtonpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for extending the Time for the Payment of certain Sums of Money advanced by Way of Loan to several Persons connected with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several Acts, made in the Thirty-eighth and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, for the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

10 Y Mr.

Curaçao Free Port Bill, committed#

Committee on Reports on Expiring Laws, deferred.

Bill to continue Att for Punishment of Attempts to seduce Sea or Land Forces, presented.

Grenada and St. Vincent's Loan Exten-fion Bill, presented.

Bill to amend Land Tax Redemption Afrs, committed.

Accounts of CM it &c. pur-ch led for Government, presented *

Stile Bread Bill, presented.

Committee on Fourth Resolution from Committee on Provisions.

Committee on Duties respecting Quarantine.

908 i 6° Decembr. 1800,

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Oats, Hay, and Straw, purchased for the Use of Government, and of the Price paid for the same, for One Year, ending at 1800^ so far as the same can be made up at the War Office: And also,

N i. War Office — An Account of the Quantity of Oats, Hay, and Straw, purchased for the Use of the Cavalry in Quarters serving in Great and of the

Price paid for the same, for One Year, from 25th September 1799 to 24th September 1800: And also,

N 2. Barrack Office — An Account of the Quantity of Oats, Hay, and Straw, purchased for the Use of Government, and the Price paid for the same, for the Year ending at Michaelmas 1800: And also,

N 3. Return of the Quantities of Oats, Hay, and Straw, purchased by the Commiflafy General for the Use of Government, and the Prices paid for the same, for the Year ending at Michaelmas 1800.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Return were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Return do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Return are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Lord Hawkeflury presented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, any Person or Persons from felling any Bread which shall not have been baked Twenty-four Hours: And the same was received; and fead the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Fourth Resolution which was Yesterday reported from the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider of the present high Price of Provisions; and to whom so much of His Majesty's most Gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament, as relates thereto, and also the several Petitions presented to the House complaining of the high Price of Provisions, were referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragre took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties granted by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " erecting a Lazaret on Cketney Hill, in the County of " Kent, and for reducing into One Act the Laws relating to Quarantine, and for making further Provision therein," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they bad come to a Resolution , which they had directed

him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mn Bragge presented to the House, according to Or-def, a Bill to permit the Importation of Szvedish Herrings into Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to authorize His Majesty to appoint Commissioners for the more effectual Examination of Accounts of Public Expenditure for His Majesty's Forces in the West Indies t And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, fof the Hotife to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the First and Second Reports which, upon the 14th Day of November last, were made from the Select Committee, appointed to enquire what Public General Laws have expired within Twelve Months preceding the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament; and also, what Laws are about to expire within Twelve Months subsequent to the Commence-, ment of the present Session, or in the Course of the next Session, or at the End thereof; and to report the fame, from Time to Time, to the House, with their Opinion which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of continuing, for a Time to be limited, the several Acts for regulating the Turnpike Roads in Great Britain, which will expire at the End of the present Session of Parliament.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions} which they had directed him to report, and had also directed him to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Swedish Herrings Bill, presented.

West India Comm i Hi oners of Accounts Bill presented *

Committee on

Reports on

Expiring

Laws.

Inftrc&ioau

Committee on Exchequer Bills Bill.

Inftfuftion.

41 Geo. III.

16° — 170 Decembris.

9° 9

Bill to continue Acts re-

fptcHng

Aliens, committed.

Bill to continue Act for Punishment of Attempt $ to seduce Sea or Land Forces, committed.

Committee on Bill to continue Habeas Corpus Suf-pension Aft#

Curaçao Free Port Bill, deferred.

Ordered, That the Repdrt be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for continuing, for a Time to be limited, Three Acts, made in the Thirty-third and Thirty-eighth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for establishing Regulations rel'peding Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cales, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,-upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Prevention and Punishment of " Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces, by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny " or Disobedience," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for further continuing, until the First Day of " February One thousand Eight hundred and One, an " Ad, made in the last Session of Parliament intituled, "An Act for further continuing, until the First Day " of March One thousand Eight hundred, an Act, made

in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to " empower His Majesty to secure and detain such Per-

fons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against " His Person and Government."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto i which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making the Port of , in the

Island of Curaçao, a Free Port.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 55.

Mercurii, 170 die DeUmbfis;

Anno 41® Georgii III"1 Regis, 1 800.

Prayers.

A BILL for extending the Time for the Payment Grenada and of certain Sums of Money, advanced by Way of Loan, to several Persons connected with, and trad- Extension ing to, the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, was, according to Order, read a Second Time. mi

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Otdered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Cockermouth the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Wnt‘ the eleding of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Cockermouth, in the County of Cumberland, in the room of Edward Burrow, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second stale Bread Reading of the Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limit- ^lll> u ed, any Person or Persons from felling any Bread which e ' shall not have been baked Twenty-four Hours, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly,

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Report on Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-ferred to consider of the Fourth Resolution which, up- Committee on on Monday last, was reported from the Committee, to I>I0Vlt 0n5, whom it was referred to consider of the present high Price of Provisions, and to whom so much of His Majesty's most Gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament, as relates thereto, and also the several Petitions presented to the House complaining of the high Price of Provisions, were referred, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is expedient to allow the Use of Salt Duty-free, for the Purpose of preserving Pilchards, Mack are], and every other Kind and Species of wholesome Fish, either in Bulk or in Barrels, for a limited Time.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentle- instruction. men who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the Resolutions which, upon Friday last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report, which, upon the 9th Day of this Instant December, was made from the Committee appointed to consider of the present high Price of Provisions; and to whom so much of His Majesty's most Gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament, as relates thereto, and also the several Petitions presented to the House complaining of the high Price of Provisions, were referred; that they do make Provision therein, pursuant to the Resolution now reported and agreed to by the House.

Ordered,

A. 1800.

Mr to

curry I>ill for better Mam. tnunce of the Poor to the Lords.

Swedish Herrings Bin, committed.

West India Commission rrs of Accounts Hill, committed.

V lt Duty Fish Pill, prcl'cnt-ei.

iv err oner U'j, reported.

Report Kx-pinn^ Laws.

910 17° Decembris *

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry to the Lords the ingrossed Bill for making better Provision for the Maintenance of the Poor, and for diminishing the Consumption of Bread Corn, by directing the Manner of applying Parish Relief, until the Sixth Day of November One thousand Eight hundred and One, and from thence until the End of Six Weeks after the Meeting of the then next Session of Parliament, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to permit the Importation of disli Herrings into Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Kcfolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to & Com rtiittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will; Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to authorize His Majesty to appoint Commissioners for the more effectual Examination of Accounts of Public Expenditure, for His Majesty's Forces in the H'ejl Indies, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Rcfe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for allowing, for a Time to be limited, the Use of Salt Duty-free in the preserving of Fifti in Bulk or in Barrels, for protesting Persons engaged in such Fisheries from being impress'ed into His Majesty's Service, and for allowing a Bounty on Pilchards, now cured, whether exported, or fold for Home Consumption: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Sendee of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the First and Second Reports which, upon the 14th Day of November last, were made from the Select Committee, appointed to enquire what Public General Laws have expired within Twelve Months preceding the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament; and also, what Laws are about to expire within Twelve Months subsequent to the Commencement of the present Session, or in the Course

3

of the next Session, or at the End thereof; and to report the fame, from Time to Time, to the House, with their Opinion which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table i Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for reducing,.until the " First Day of June One thousand Eight hundred, the " Duties upon Spirits distilled from Melafl'es or Sugar, " or any Mixture therewith, for prohibiting the Distillation of Spirits from Wheat or Wheat Flour, and " for seducing, until the Twentieth Day of September " One thousand Eight hundred, and better collecting " the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch," as relates to the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch, is expired, and fit to be revived and continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled.

An Act for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in , from the said

" Colonies directly to Foreign Parts, in Ships built in " Great Britain, and navigated according to Law," which was to continue in Force for Five Years from the 29th Day of September 1739, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Seventeenth, Twenty-fourth, and Thirty-first Years of his said Majesty's Reign, and the Fourth, Twelfth, Eighteenth, Twenty-sixth, and Thirty-third Years of His present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1799, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued, subject to the Regulations contained in an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback " and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, and for permitting the Importation of Sugar " and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in " Foreign Ships." 1

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth Year, of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " enable His Majesty, by Order in Council, to permit, " until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the " next Session of Parliament, such Goods, as shall be " specified in such Order, to be imported into this " Kingdom in Neutral Ships," which was, by Two Acts of the last Session of Parliament, continued until the Expiration of Forty Days after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act authorizing His Majesty, for a limited Time, to make " Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to " and from The Cape of Good Hope," which was by Four Acts, of the Thirty-eighth, Thirty-ninth, and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued, until the Expiration of Forty Days after the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolutions being severally read jl Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr-

Turnpike Road A<Hs continuing Bill, ordered.

Report on

Duties re-ipefh ng Quarantine.

Fourth Report from Committee on Fro vi lions.

Bill to continue Habeas Corpus Suf-pension Act, reported.

41 Geo. III. 7°

Mr. Bragge also reported from the said Committee,

That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That l.eave be given to bring in a J3ill for continuing, for a Time to be limited, the several Acts for regulating the Turnpike Roads in Great Britain, which will expire at the End of the present Session of Parliament.

And Mr. Bragge moved the House accordingly.

Oidered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing, for a Time to be limited, the several Acts for regulating the Turnpike Roads in Great Britain, which expire at the End of the present Session of Parliament: And that Mr. Bragge and Sir William Geary do prepare, and bring in, tire lame.

" ing against His Ftrfon and Government," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the 13:11, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the wljole House, to whom it was referred to consider ofj the Duties granted by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for erecting a Lazaret on Chetney Hill, in the " County of Kent, and for reducing into One Act the " Laws relating to Quarantine, and for making further " Provision therein," the llesolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Tonnage Duties granted by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for erecting a Lazaret on Chetney Hill, and for reducing into One Act the Laws relating to Quarantine, be extended to Ships arriving in the Blands of GuernfJet'fey, Alderney, Sark, or Man.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Ryder, the Lord Hawkesbury, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Ryder reported from the Committee appointed to consider of the present high Price of Provisions, and to whom so much of His Majesty's most Gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament, as relates thereto, and also the several Petitions presented to the House, complaining of the high Price of Provisions, were referred; That the Committee -had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report and Appendix be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole IToule, to whom the Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for further continuing, until the First Day of <£ February One thousand Eight hundred and One, an " Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

An Act for further continuing, until the First Day " of March One thousand Eight hundred, an Act,

" made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain " such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspir-

VOL. 55.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee on a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several Redemption Acts, made in the Thirty-eighth and Thirty-ninth Acu‘

Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament,'' for the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. William Dundas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refurned the Chair.

Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself intoa Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing, for a Time to be limited, Three Acts, made in the Thirty-third and Thirty-eighth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cafes.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. '

Committee on Biii to continue Acts« resetting Aliens.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself intoa Committeeon Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made punishment in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His prefer.t ot Attempt Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Prevention Land Sel " and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons Forces.

" serving in His Majesty's Forces, by Sea or Land,

" from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or " to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr; Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the coinmitfeon whole House, upon the Bill for making the Port of Cur.iv .10 Free Amsterdam, in the Island of Curaçao,a Free Port. Port Bat.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

10 Z Mr.

.A rfwf ta Address.

Bill to amend Land Tax Redemption A^s. reported.

r rat;ao Free Port B;ii» reported.

B'',! to con-t:ni!? Acts r< i peeling; AI tens, reported.

12 17° — 18° Decembris. 1800.

Mr. Br,ig?ereported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleal'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovisx 18° die Decembris;

Anno 41 Georgii IIP" Regis, i3oo.

Prayers.

MR. William Dmdas reported to the Hotife, That

their Address of Friday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Report made by the Commissioners appointed by His Majesty, to enquire into the State of the Prison in Cold Bath Fields, together with a Copy of the Commission) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. William Dundas, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the fevetal Acts, made in the Thirty-eighth and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, for the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tajc, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Mr. Bray ye, according to Order, reported from the Committee or the whole House, to whom the Bill for making the Port of Amfie^dam, in the Island of Curaçao, a Free Port, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing, for a Time to be limited. Three Acts, made in the Thirty-third and Thirty-eighth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cafes, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the 6

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for extending the Time for the Payment of certain Sums of Money advanced by Way of Loan to several Persons connected with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in or near the respective Towns of Margate and Ramfgateand the Vill of

in the Isle of Tkanet, in the County of was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road from the City of Canterbury to the said Vill of Sarr, and the Roads thence to the said Towns of Margate and Ramsgate, are in a very ruinous Condition, narrow, circuitous, and incommodious for Travellers and Carriages, and cannot be properly amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and that it will be expedient, that so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places within the Walls of the City of,

and the Liberties thereof, and also several Streets and other Places near, or adjoining to, the said City, and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances and Annoyances therein, as relates to the Erection of a Turnpike on the Road leading from the said City to the Isle of Thanet, and to the demanding, taking, and receiving, of Tolls for any Horses or Carriages to pass through the fame, should be repealed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the above Purposes, under such Rules and Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the' Matter thereof; and feport the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir John Honywood, Sir William Geary, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties payable on the Importation of undressed Hemp, imported from any of the Countries that lie within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the East India Company.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they

had

by

Committee on Grenada and Saint Vincent's Loan Extension Bill.

Canterbury Roads Petition.

Committfeeo Duties on lro« portation of Hemp, *

4i Geo. III. 18° Decembris.

9J3

had come to a Resolution; which they luddirested him to report, when the Home will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Exchequer Bill:, Hill, passed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for raising a certain . Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Hills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Committee on The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Bojatyon Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for transferring the Ma-pocted. " nagement of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise, and for repealing the Duties on Salt, and " the Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties, paid " thereout, and for granting other Duties, Drawbacks, " Allowances, and Bounties thereon," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as grants a Bounty on White Herrings exported from this Kingdom.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left th£ Chair.

Mr. Braggetook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Brugge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Tumnike Mr. Bragge presented to the House, according to Or-

Road Acts der, a Bill for continuing, for a Time to be limited, the

BiHUpre-S several Acts for regulating the Turnpike Roads in Great

fenced. Britain, which expire at the End of the present Session of Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

p rt of Order The House was moved. That the Order, made Yes-UnZr6 terday, for Leave to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the discharged. Resolutions reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the First and Second Reports, which, upon the 14th Day of last, were made from the Select Committee appointed to enquire what Public General Laws have expired within Twelve Months preceding the Commencement of the present S'eflion of Parliament, and also, what Laws are about to expire within Twelve Months fub-l'equent to the' Commencement of the present Session, or in the Course of the next Session, or at the End thereof, and to report the fame, from Time to Time, to the House, with their Opinion which of them are fit ' to be revived, continued, or made perpetual, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That so much of the said Order as relates to the Second of the said Resolutions be discharged.

Mr. Bragge presented to the House, according to Or- j^pinn der, a Bill to continue several Laws relating to the re- panted! ducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch, to the enabling His Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into this Kingdom inNeutral Ships, and to the authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade to The Cape of Good Hope:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Salt Duty FJ(h Reading of the Bill for allowing, for a Time to be limited, the Use of Salt Duty-free in the preserving of Fish in Bulk or in Barrels, for protecting Persons engaged in such Fisheries from being impressed into His Majesty's Service, and for allowing a Bounty On Pilchards, now cured, whether exported, or fold for Home Consumption, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Bragge presented to the House, according to Or- Quarantine der, a Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed Bill, pre-in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for feate *

" erecting a Lazaret on Chetney His the County of

" Kent, and for reducing into One Act the Laws re- lating to Quarantine, and for making further Provision therein," as far as regards the Payment of the Tonnage Duty in the lfiands of Guernsey, Jttfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Swedish Her-upon the Bill to permit the Importation of Svicdish "S'aii] Herrings into Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, weit India upon the Bill to authorize His Majesty to appoint Commissioners for the more effectual Examination of counts'JBiU. Accounts of Public Expenditure, for His Majesty's Forces in the West Indies, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The

v

oi4

i 8° Decemb

iA\ 1800.

sn> Br<-id The Order of the Day being read, for the House to deferred. rcfoJve itfelve into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, any Person or Persons from felling any Bread which shall not have been baked Twenty-four Hours;

Rcfdvcdy That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve ittelf into the said Committee,

Committecon Kill to continue Act for Punishment , ot Attempts to lullice bca or I.cml I-orccs.

Ordered, Tint the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to fcduce Persons l'erving in " II is Majesty's Forces, by Sea or Land, from their " Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty; or to incite " them to Mutiny or Disobedience," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Brugge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Brugge reported from the Committee, 'That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Lord? A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

hive agreed to Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for ascertaining the Population of Great Britain, and the Increase or Diminution thereof; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for obviating a Doubt arising on the Power of Sale and Exchange contained in a Settlement of the Estates of the Right honourable Henry Earl; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the Firfh Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ryder reported from the Committee appointed to consider of the present high Price of Provisions, and to whom lo much of His Majesty's most Gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament, as relates thereto, and also the several Petitions presented to the House, complaining of the high Price of Provisions, were referred,'That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N.B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Report, ^c. ^r- Hufkijin presented to the House, pursuant to

jmfpt'ting their Address to His Majesty,

r.'id^Prison, A Paper, intituled — " Report from the Commis-

prcknftj. ' " lioners appointed by Commission under the Great

Population Bill, with Amendments.

The Lords have passed Karl Bathurst's Estate Bill.

Bill read.

Fifth Report from Committee on Provisions.

" Seal to enquire into the StateAnd Management of His Majesty's Prison in Cold Bath Fields,

" Dated the ill Day of November 1800:" And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Cold Bath Fields Prison, Copy " Commission of Inquiry."

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be l'ullicient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Fourth Rtv port on ProviJioiH referred to a Com :itl tree vf the whole Home.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was Yesterday made from the Committee appointed to consider of the present high Price of Provisions, and to whom so much of His Majesty's most Gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament, as relates thereto, and also the several Petitions presented to the House, complaining of the high Price of Provisions, were referred;

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said consider .!-Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Brugge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Brugge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Brugge accordingly reported from the said Com- reported, mittee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is expedient to prohibit the Manufacture of Flour or Meal from Wheat or any another Grain finer than that which is dressed through an Eight Shilling and Six Pence seamed Cloth, or a Patent Cloth N° 2,

: or such Wire Machine as produces the same Effect; and also to prohibit the Use of any Bread finer or dearer than what is made of Wheaten Meal so drested.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen Instruaioa. who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the First and Second of the Resolutions which, upon Monday 'last, Were reported from the Committee appointed to consider of the present high Price of Provisions; and to whom so much of His Majesty's most Gracious Speech from the Throne to both Iloules of Parliament, as relates thereto, and also the several Peti- > tions presented to the House, complaining of the high Price of Provisions, were referred, and were then agreed to by the House, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Resolution now reported, and agreed to by the House.

Corpus Suf *

ipenb

pafi'cvl.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Read- jj-,j to rnn„ ing of the Bill (now ingrafted) for further continuing, tmw-for a Time to be limited, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for further " continuing, until the First Day of February One " thousand Eight hundred and One, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for " further.continuing, until the First Day of March One

" thousand

Bread Bill, presented.

Canterbury Roads Petition reported.

41 Geo. III.

18° — 190 Decembris.

9 5

* thousand Eight hundred, an Act, ftiade in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to.empower u His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against His Person and Government

A 1 Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeaj 51'

ha „ c xr ( Sir Francis , 7

Tellers for the Noes,; { 10.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for further continuing, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, several Acts, made in the Thirty-eighth and Thirty-ninth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, and in the last Session of Parliament, for empowering His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against His Person and Government.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Ryder presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prevent, for a Time to be limited, the manufacturing of any Fine Flour from Wheat, or making any Bread thereof, and to repeal an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for permitting Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of Bread: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, kins, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Road from the City of Canterbury to the said Vill of Sarr, and the Roads thence to the said Towns of Margate and gate are in a very ruinous Condition, narrow, circuitous, and incommodious foi Travellers and Carriages, and cannot" be properly amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of LaW: Then,

An Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, cleaning, lighting, knd watching the Streets, Lanes, and other public Paflhges and Places within the Walls of the City of Canterbury, and the Liberties thereof, and also

several Streets and other Places near of adjoining to the said City, and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, was read: And,

Mr. Sawkins being further examined, said, That It will be expedient that so much of the said Act as relates to the Erection of a Turnpike On the Road leading from the said City to the Isle of Thanet, and to the demanding, taking, and receiving of Tolls for any Horses or Carriages to pass through the fame, should be repealed.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Time limited for giving Notices in the Newspapers of Applications to Parliament for making any Turnpike Roads, and for paving ar or Town, be extended, in the same of the said Petition, to the present Month of December.

The Lord Arden presented to the House, pursuant to Account of their Order, Provision *

An Account of sundry Species of Provisions purchased in Great Britain and Ireland for His Majesty's Service, pre-Service, from the Commencement of the present War to feat<d this Period; distinguishing the Quantities purchased ih. each Year, with the Average Prices paid for the same.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House,

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

V tneris, 190 die Decembris;

Anno 41 Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1800.

Prayers.

SIR John Honywood reported from the Committee, Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time

to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Tomorrow Morning.

Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in or near the respective Towns of Margate and Ramsgate, and the Vill Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Turnpike

of Sarr, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent, Reading of the Bill for continuing, for a Time to be was referred; That the Committee had examined, and limited, the several Acts for regulating the Turnpike Bill, found that such Part of the Standing Orders of the Roads in Great Britain, which expire at the End of the te‘L House, relative to Turnpike Roads and Paving Bills, as present Session of Parliament, be now read, directs Notices to be given on the Door of the Sessions And the said Order bein^ read accordingly;

House at the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions of the Peace The said Bill was read a Second Time.

where the Roads and Streets to be repaired do lie, had Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

been complied with; and that the Notices directed to Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

be given in the Newspapers, in the Months of August of the whole House.

or September, had been published Three Times in the Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning,

Month of October, it not having been determined to ap- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ply to Parliament until it was too late to give the No- upon the said Bill, tices required by the said Standing Orders; and that

the Committee had examined the Matter of the said The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Confederation Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, of Lords appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Re- An Act for ascertaining the Population of Great Britain, Population port in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the and the Increase or Diminution thereof. Bill, put off.

Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as And the said Amendments were Once read; and are followeth; viz, as followeth;

Vo l. 55. 11 \ Pr.Y.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossedj to explain, amend, and demption render more effectual, the several Acts, made in the Thirty-eighth and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of m His present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, for the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax;

916

190 Decembris.

A' 1800.

Pr I. 1. 3. After " within" insert " that Part of." 1. 4. After " Brita" insert " called " land.n

1. 16. Leave out from " That" to " within" in Line 19.

1. 21. Leave out " together with."

1. 24. Leave out " such."

1. 25. Leave out from " Place " to " shall ' in Line 28.

Pr. 2. 1.15. Leave out "Stewartries."

1. 18. After " in" insert " that Part of."

1.19. After " Britain" insert " called £«<fland."

1.26. Leave out from " also " to " to" in Line 23.

l.ult. Leave out from " One " to " And " in Press 3, Line 10. t r. 3. 1. 24. Leave out from" Schedule " to " to"

in Line 26.

1.39. Leave out from " the " to " said," in Press 4, Line 9.

Pr. 4. I.21. Leave out " February" and insert " March."

1-39-

and

40

ll

Leave out from " Additions " to " as" in Press 5, Line 1.

Pr. 5. 1. 4. Leave out from " said " to " Overseers," in Line 6.

31 ' and 32 / Leave out from " themselves " to Pr. 19. 1. 3.

f "a" in Line 34. 1.11.

30.' 1. 12.

and > Leave out " the Back of."

31 1 1. 13.

1. Leave out from " the " to " Over-

" seers," in Line 3. Pr. 20. I.20.

12. Leave out " Fifth" and insert

" Eighth."

14. Leave out from " One " to " And," in Press 11, Line 1. 1. 23.

2 Leave out from " the " to " said," in Luit.

1.16

Line i£.

and > Leave out" throughout Great Britain."

1.25. Leave out " Stewartries."

1.27.- Leave out from " the " to " And," in Line 31, and insert " Office of His Majesty's Principal Secretary of " State for the Home Department, " and that the same shall be digelled and reduced into Order by " nich Officer as such Secretary of " State shall appoint for the Purpose."

Pr. 12. 1. it.Leave out from " Shillings " to " to," in Line 14.

1 5 1

and > Leave out " tliroughout Great Britain." 16. J

1. 26. Leave out " Stewartries."

Pr. 13. 1. 9. Leave out from " " to " out,"

in Line 11.

' 1.13. Leave out from " such " to " Clerk,"

in Line 17.

I.22. Leave out from "such" to " Overseer," in Line 23.

1. 24. Leave out from " Poor " to " making," in Line 26.

In the Schedule:

Pr. 14. l.ult. After " of" insert " that Part of;" and in the same Line, after "

" lain," insert " called England."

Pr. 15. 1. 1. Leave out from "the" to " Overseers," in Line 3.

Pr. 15. 1. 8. Leave out from " Extra-parochial " to " signed," in Line 11-

a^ I h^ave out from " aforesaid " to " forv'' jg I in Line 18.

1.19. Leave out from " Householders " to " are," in Line 21.

Pr. 16. 1. 16. Leave out from " Gaffes "to" are," in Line 30.

1.30. Leave out " Sixth " and inlcrt

" Fourth."

Pr. 17. 1. 2. After " of " insert "that Part of;" and in the same Line, after "

" tain" insert " called England."

1. 11. Leave out from "Account" to the End of Question the 5th.

I.18. Leave out from " 3d Question" to " Attestation," in Line 29.

1.30. Leave out from " Householders " to

" I," in Line 32.

1. 33. Leave out' " or Minister or Session " Clerk."

1. 37. After " of " insert " that Part of."

1. 38. After " Britain insert " called Er.rland."

Pr. 18. 1. 3. Leave out from " Householders " to " of," in Line 5.

1. 10. Leave out " For England."

..eave out from " themselves " to " containing," in Line 7.

« land."

.eave out from " one " to " III." in Press 20, Line 12.

ifter " of" inlert " that Part of;" and in the same Line, after " Britain "insert " called England'' eave out from "Belief" to " IV.' in Line 32.

.eave from " Constables " to " County," in Press 21, Line 3.

Pr. 21. 1.10. Leave out from "of" to " Overseers,"

' in Line 15.

1.17. Leave out from " C. D." to the End of the Schedule.

In the Title of the Bill:

1. 2. After " of ''insert " that Part of;" and in the same Line, after " insertcalled England"

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 31st Day of this Instant December.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for taking an Account of the Population of Great,

and of the Increase or Diminution thereof: And that Mr. Abbot, the Matter of the Rolls, Mr. , Mr.

Charles Torke, and Mr. Nicholas , do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred toconsiderof the Duties payable on the Importation of undressed Hemp imported from any of the Countries that lie within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the East India Company, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties, now payable on the Importation of undressed Hemp from any of the Countries that lie within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the East India Company, do cease and determine.

The

Another BiH, ordered.

Report on Duties on Importation Hemp.

4i Geo. III.

190 Decewbris.

917

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, in each Year, with the Average Prices paid for the upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the fame.

Curaçao Free Port Bill, passed.

House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Bragg the Lord Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Bill (bow ingossed) for making the Port of Jlerdam, in the Island of Curaçao, a Free Port, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making the Port of , in the

Island of Curaçao, a Free Port.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Whitt Herrings.

Mr. Bragge , according to Order, reported from the Report on Committee of the whole House, to whom it was refer- Bounty on red to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of " Excise; and for repealing the Duties on Salt, and the Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties, paid thereout, and for granting other Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties thereon," as grants a Bounty on White Herrings exported from this Kingdom, the RefolUtion which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Bill to con- The Bill (now ingossed) for continuing, for a Time to J-in"'iA£lsr ' be limited, Three Acts, made in the Thirtj'-third and

J^Ln^ofled. Thirty-eighth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, That" the Bounty of Two Shillings and Eight Pence, for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving ill granted by the said Act on every Barrel of White Her-this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cafes, was, rings exported from this Kingdom, be discontinued for according to Order, read the Third Time. a limited Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, be. An Act for continuing, until Six Months after the upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Conclusion of a General Peace, Three Acts, made in House. '

the Thirty-third and Thirty-eighth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cafes.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill to continue Act for Punishment of Attempts to fcduce Sea or Laud Forces, reported *

Ordered, That it be an Instaiftion to the Committee inflation., of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing, for a Time to be limited, the Use of Salt Duty-tree, in the preserving of Fish in Bulk or in Barrels, for protecting Persons engaged in such Fisheries from being imprest'ed into His Majesty's Service, and for allowing a Bounty on Pilchards, now cured, whether exported or Mr. Long, according to Order, reported from the fold for Home Consumption, was committed, That they

have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee00 to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 3)11. u y upon die Bill for allowing, for a Time to be limited, the Use of Salt, Duty-free in the preserving of Filli in Bulk or in Barrels, for protecting Persons engaged in such Fisheries from being imprest'ed into His Majesty's Service, and for allowing a Bounty on Pilchards, now cured, whether exported or fold for Home Consumption, be now read. '

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bra??e took the Chair of the Committee.

QU

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they.

Population Account Bill, presented.

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces, by Sea or Land,

" from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or " to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience," was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in- had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-grofifed. ments thereunto; which they had directed him to re-

port, when the House will please to receive the same.

Mr. Abbot presented to the House, according to Or- Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow der, a Bill for taking an Account of the Population of Morning.

Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution there-

ommitted.

AcQount of Butter, See. provided for His Majesty's Service, ordered.

of: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Moi'ning, resolve itself into a- Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Butter, Cheese, and Beer, provided in Great Britain and Ireland for His Majesty's Service, from the Commencement of the present War to this Period; distinguishing the Quantities provided

Vol. 55.

or-

The Lord Hazvkesbury presented to the House, ac- Hemp imn. cording to Order, a Bill for allowing the Importation tatl of undressed Hemp from any of the Countries that lie " „

within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the India Company, free of Duty: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, T\idX the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

jtfr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the ^.Vincent Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Loan Exten-

7 , lion Bill, re-

extending porttd.

West India Commissioners of Accounts BUI, reported.

Swedish Herrings Bill, reported.

Expiring Laws JMl, committed.

O'nrantine Bill, committed.

918

190 Deceinbris.

A 1800.

extending the Time for the Payment of Certain Sums of Money, advanced by Way of Loan to several Persons con-nested with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and

Saint Vincent, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the'1 House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill frail be then

ingrossed.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to authorize His Majesty to appoint Commissioners for the more effectual Examination of Accounts of Public Expenditure, for His Majesty's Forces in the West Indies, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill frail be then ingrossed.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to permit the Importation of Herrings into Great Britain, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he'read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill frail be then ingrossed.

A Bill to continue several Laws relating to the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch, to the enabling His Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into this Kingdom in Neutral Ships, and to the authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade to The Cape of Good Hope, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for erecting a Lazaret on Chetney Hill, ' in the " County of Kent, and for reducing into One Act the " Laws relating to Quarantine, and for making further " Provision therein," as far as regards the Payment

S

of the Tonnage Duty in the Islands of Guernsey, fey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, was, according to Order read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, any Person or Persons from felling any Bread which frail not have been baked Twenty-four Hours.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to desire that their Lordships will be pleated to communicate to this House, Copies of such Reports as have been made to their Lordships, from any Committee of ihc House of Lords, relative to the present high Price of Provisions.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the said Message.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to prevent, for a Time to be limited, the manufacturing of any Fine Flour from Wheat, or making any Bread thereof, and to repeal an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for permitting Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of Bread, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill w'as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report, which was Yesterday made from the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider of the present high Price of Provisions, and to whom so much of His Majesty's most Gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament, as relates thereto, and also the several Petitions presented to the House complaining of the high Price of Provisions, were referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refunaed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had directed him to make a Motion, and had also come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Report be now received;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Conunitteeoi Stale Bread Bill

Message to tjrf Lords for Copies of Reports on Provisions.

Tellers for the Yeas.f.

Tellers for the Noes, j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

J38 }8

Bread Bill committed.

Committee on Fifth Keport on Provisions.

Mr.

4i Geo. III. to0 — ao° Decembns. 910

reported. . Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to lay before His Majesty a Copy of the Fifth Report made from the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider of the present high Price of Provisions; and humbly to desire that His Majesty will be graciously pleased to advance, out of the Civil List, such Sum as His Majesty may think necessary for the immediate Relief of the Poor in the Pantiles of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, Mile End New Town, and ChristChurch Fields-, and to allure

His Majesty that this House will make good the fame.

And Mr. Bragge moved the House accordingly. Address for Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to advancing Ujs Majesty, to lay before His Majesty, a Copy of the KdieVofcer- Fifth Report made from the Committee, to whom it tain Parishes. was referred to consider of the present high Price of Provisions; and humbly to desire that His Majesty will be graciously pleased to advance out of the Civil List such Sum as His Majesty may think necessary for the immediate Relief of the Poor in the Parishes of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, Mile End New Town, and Christ Church Spital Fields; and to allure His Majesty that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Bragge also reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. Resolution for Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, establishing a That, for the Purpose of giving temporary Reltef to lief of the " such Parishes within the Bills of Mortality, and adja-Poor. cent thereunto, as may be incapable of supporting the ir

own Poor, it is necessary that a local Fund should be raised, by some general Tax or Rate upon tire Inhabitants of the Parishes within the said District, and adjacent thereunto, under such Regulations, and with such Exemptions, as may be thought expedient j and that such Sums as His Majesty may think proper to advance, in pursuance of the said Address, should be made good out of the Produce of such local Fund.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 20° Decembris;

Anno 41 Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1800.

Prayers.

f)RDERED, That the Order of the Day, fertile Hemp'impo" House to resolve itself into a Committee of the ution Bill. whole House, upon the Bill for allowing the Importation of undressed Hemp from any of the Countries that lie within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the East India Company, free of Duty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-VOL.55.

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received;

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Com- reported; mittee, the Amendments w'hich the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question feve;ally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bill,

upon the Bill for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John IVrottesley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John IVrottesley reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto: which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir John IVrottesley accordingly reported from the said reP°rted-Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's-Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Midhurst the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Wm the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Midhurst, in the County of

Sussex, in the room of the Right honourable Sylvejlir Lord G/enbervie in the Kingdom of Ireland, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Governor of the Settlement of The Cape of Good Hope,

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Salt Duty F!fl> Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for B>»> reported; allowing, for a Time to be limited, the Use of Salt Duty-free, in the preserving of Fish in Bulk or in Barrels, for protecting Persons engaged in such Fi tileries from being impressed into His Majesty's Service, and for allowing a Bounty on Pilchards, now cured, whether exported or fold for Home Consumption, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a

11 B Second

Stale Bread Bill, reported,

Grenada and Saint Vincent's Loan Ex ten lion Bill, patted.

Bill to continue Act for Puniflnnent of Attempts to leduce Sea or Land J;orces, passed.

20° Decembris. A. 1800.

Second Time, One by One j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill,.with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, any Person or Persons from felling any Bread which shall not have been baked Twenty-four Hours, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Wh ere the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, For limiting the Time within which Informations shall be laid.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, Authorizing Bakers to fell new Bread'to His Majesty's Forces on their March.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for extending the Time for the Payment of certain Sums of Money, advanced by way of Loan to several Persons connected with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for extending the Time for the Payment of certain Sums of Money, advanced by Way of Loan to several Persons connected with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent.

Ordered, That Mr. Lushington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Thirty-lev enth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Prevention and " Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving " in His Majesty's Forces, by Sea or Land, from their " Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite " them to Mutiny or Disobedience," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for further continuing, until the First Day of August One thousand Eight hundred and Seven, an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better " Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce " Persons, serving in His Majesty's Forces by Sea or " Land, from their Duty and Allegiance toHis Majesty, " or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience."

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The ingrossed Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several Acts, made in the Thirty-eighth and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, for the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, For raising Money by Mortgage for re-imbursing Sums laid out in the Redemption of Land Tax.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question being put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 9. 1. ii. After'" mentioned" to insert " or referred to."

1. 23 To leave out from " Aft" to the End of the Bill, and add but nevertheless without Prejudice to the " Rights and Interests of such Trustee or Trustees, Mortgagee or " Mortgagees, or other Person or " Persons in whom the immediate " Reversion or Remainder shall be " veiled."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several Acts, made in the Thirty-eighth and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, for the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent, for a Time to be limited, the manufacturing of any Fine Flour from Wheat, or making any Bread thereof,- and to repeal an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for permitting Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of Bread, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments.which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The

Bill to amend Land Tax Re demption

patted-

Committee ofi Bread Bill,

reported#

Committee on \ uiT.pike Road Acts continuing Bilik

Reported.

West India

Commissioners of Accounts Billt pailecij

Swedifti Her rings Bill, passed.

Committee on Expiring Laws Bill.

Instru&iort.

41 Geo. III. 200 — 22° Decembris. 92!

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing, for a Time 'to be limited, the several Acts for regulating the Turnpike Roads in Great Britain, which expire at the End of the present Session of Parliament.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr; Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Com1 mittee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, wth the Amendment, in at the Clerk's "fable: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, Tint the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The Bill (now ingrossed') to authorize His Majesty to appoint Commissioners for the more effectual Examination of Accounts of Public Expenditure, for His Majesty's Forces in the West Indies, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to authorize His Majesty to appoint Com-fnissioners for the more effectual Examination of Accounts of Public Expenditure, for His Majesty's Forces in the West Indies, during the present War.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and deflre their Concurrence.

The Bill (now ingrossed) to permit the Importation of Swedish Herrings into Great Britain, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to permit, until the First Day of October One thousand Eight hundred and One, the Importation of Swedish Herrings into Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue several Laws relating to the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch; to the enabling His Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into this Kingdom in Neutral Ships; and to the authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade to The Cape of Good Hope;

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Intituled, " An Act for better preventing Offences in " obstructing, destroying, or damaging Ships or other " Vessels, and in obstructing Seamen, Keelmen, Carters, and Ship Carpenters, from pursuing their lawful Occupations," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That'it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for continuing the said Act.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee *

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Vol. £$.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Com- reported, mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had airedled him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, wefe agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Committee oft whole House, upon the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for erecting a Lazaret on " Hill, in the County of Kent, and for reducing into

" One Act the Laws relating to Quarantine, and for " making further Provision therein," as far as regards the Payment of the'Tonnage Duty in the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man-.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Coni- reported, mittee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the'House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 2 2° die Decembris j

Anno 41° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1 8o6 *

Prayers.

AMOTION was made, and the Question being Motion for proposed, That this House will, at the Riling of the House to the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next; Monday M

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr.

Pepys:

Mr. Speaker *

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making better Provision for the Maintenance of the Poor, and for diminishing the Consumption of Bread Corn, by directing the Manner of applying Parish Relief *

The Lords Rave agreed to

Bill for better Maintenance of the Poor.

Parliament

Buildings Bill.

F-iinbur^h Poor Relief bill

The Lords communicate Reports re-fpcfting Pro-▼ifions.

Rovrd AlTent to Bills.

The Lords have agreed to

Weltjc's Nat. Bill.

House resolvcs to adjourn to Monday.

922

lief, until the Sixth Day of November One thousand Eight hundred and One, and from thence until the End of Six Weeks after the Meeting of the then next Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Commissioners to purchase certain Buildings for the Accommodation of the Two Houses of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Relief of the Poor in the City of Edinburgh, and the Suburbs thereof, and certain Districts adjoining thereto j without any Amendment: And all'o.

The Lords have commanded us to communicate to this House, printed Copies of the First and Second Reports made from the Select Committee appointed by their Lordships to take into Consideration so much of His Majesty's Speech as relates to the Dearth of Provisions, as desired by this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message by Sir Francis MGentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned j

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of Fork, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord ham, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth;

An Act for making better Provision for the Maintenance of the Poor, and for diminishing the Consumption of Bread Corn, by directing the Manner of applying Parish Relief, until the Sixth Day of November One thousand Eight hundred and One, and from thence until the End of Six W'ccks after the Meeting of the then next Session of Parliament:

An Act for the better Relief of the Poor in the City of Edinburgh, and the Suburbs thereof, and certain Districts adjoining the reto:

An Act to enable Commissioners to purchase certain Buildings for the Accommodation of the Two Houses of Parliament.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Chnjioph Weltj; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the said proposed Question being put;

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

1800.

Ordered,'That all Committees have Lerve to fit, not -withstanding the Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That the Copies of the Reports this Day communicated to this House from the Lords, be referred to the Committee appointed to consider of the present high Price of Provisions.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Reports be printed, as shall be luflicient for the Use of the Members of this House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for obviating a Doubt arising on the Power of Sale and Exchange contained in a Settlement of the Estates of the Right honourable Henry Earl Bathurst, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Wallace, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of several Master Taylors, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Master Taylors residing within the City of London and Five Miles thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, made ?n the Eighth Year of the lieign of King George the Third, to amend an Act, made in the Seventh Year of King George the First, for regulating the Journeymen Taylors within the \Vreekly Bills of Mortality, it is enacted, that there should be paid to every Servant or Journeyman, to be employed in pursuance of the said Act, a Sum not exceeding Two Shillings and Seven Pence Halfpenny per Diem (except as therein excepted) and that, by the said Act, it is also enacted, that if any Master Taylor, or other Person using or exercising the Art or Mystery of a Taylor, within the Limits therein mentioned, should give, allow, or pay, or cause, permit, or suffer to be given, allowed, or paid, to any Servant or Journeyman in the said Bu-finess, any more or greater Wages or Allowances, than the Wages and Allowances aforesaid, or such other Wages and Allowances as should thereafter, from Time to Time, be ordered and appointed by virtue of the said Act, should be committed to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour, or to the Common Gaol, for any Time not exceeding Two Months, nor lei's than Fourteen Days, at the Discretion of the Justices before whom such Person should be convicted; and that, by the said Act, it is also enacted, that it should be lawful for the Mayor, Aldermen, and Recorder of the City of London, for the Time being, at their General Quarter Sessions, or General Sessions of the Peace assembled, from Time to Time, upon Application being made to them for that Purpose, to alter, regulate, and appoint the Wages and Allowances to be paid or made to Journeymen Taylors, and Servants retained or employed in the Art or Mystery of a Taylor, within the City of London, or within Five Miles thereof, and the

Hours of Work j and that an Application was, about Twenty-five Years since, made to the Quarter Sessions in the Manner by the said Act directed, to settle the Wages and Allowances to be paid and given to Journeymen Taylors, and which were accordingly settled at the Rate of Eighteen Shillings and Nine Pence per Week, and that no Alteration, or Order of Sessions, has been made since, in respect of the said Wages and Allowances; and that the Journeymen Taylors have, at several Times, since the Wages were settled as aforesaid, entered into Combinations, and struck for an Increase of Wages, which the Petitioners were under the absolute Necessity to comply with; and that the Wages the Journeymen now receive is Twenty-five Shillings per Week, and which were obtained in the Manner above stated, and without any Order of Sessions; and that the Petitioners, at the several Times when the Journeymea struck for an Increase of Wages as aforesaid, gave it them without knowing or conceiving the y were thereby incur-

22° Decembris.

Committees to lit.

Reports from the Lords referred to the Committee on Provisiona.

Earl Ba -thurst's Estate Bill, committed.

Petition of Master Taylors.

4i Geo. III. 22° Decembris.

923

ring the few re Punishment inflicted by Law, or the Petitioners would not have complied therewith, but, on the contrary, would have proceeded in the Manner directed by Law; and that the' Journeymen Taylors in this Metropolis, to the Number of Fifteen Thousand and upwards, have at this Time entered into a Combination to an alarming Degree, and have refused to work unless their reipecVtve Matters will rail'e the Wages they now receive tit Thirty Shillings Week; and that the Petitioners, being i'enfible of the Illegality of the Demand of the Journeymen, have unanimously determined not to comply with the fame, but intend to compel the Journeymen, by a Prosecution for a Conspiracy, or in such other legal Mode as shall be deemed advisable, to return to their Work upon receiving such Wages as shall be settled by the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen, but are threatened with Prosecutions by the said Journeymen fir having given them greater W'ages than are allowed by Law, in case they do not comply with their present Demands: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for indemnifying the Petitioners of, from, and against, all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Punishments, to which they are now by Law liable, or to grant the Petitioners such other Relief as to the 1 louie shall appear proper and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Petition from A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Neigh-f tctinv'ouo. bourhood of Bradford, in the County of York, was pre-P fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the

Situation of the Poor of the said Town and Neighbourhood is most deplorable, from the exorbitant Price of Corn and other Provisions, the Dilbelfes wiicreof arc most alarmingly aggravated by great Numbers of industrious Poor being out of Employment; and that the Evil is daily increasing, and the principal S'upport of the Poor of the said Town and Neighbourhood is Meal made from Oats, a large Quantity whereof is bought up for Horses employed only as Pleasure Horles, and for Ilounds and other Dogs: And therefore propoling to the lerious Consideration of the House, as the most, if not the only, effectual Method to relieve the almost infup-portable Dili relics of the Poor in this Part of the Country, will be to prohibit, for a Time to be limited. Oats and other Grain, except Beans, from being given to Pleasure Horses, Hounds, and other Dogs, inaimuch as the Petitioners are convinced that no Measure short of this will relieve the severe Calamities which the Poor of the said Town and Neighbourhood are now labouring under.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, appointed to consider of the present high Price of Provisions.

Bill to remove The House was moved. That an Act, made in this wheat &c. present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for

Bounty Act, " granting Bounties on the Importation of Wheat, 01 tiered. <c Barley, Rye, Oats, Pease, Beans, and Indian Corn, and

" of Barley, Rye, Oat, and Indian Meal, and Wheaten " Flour and Rice," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to remove Doubts arising upon the Construction of the said Act: And that Mr. Ryder, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Bragge, Mr. RoJ'e, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bread Bill, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to prevent, for a Time to be limited, the manufactureing of any Fine Flour from Wheat, or making any Bread thereof, and to repeal an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for permitting Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of Bread, be now read.

Vol. 55-

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 17. After "One" to insert " in the City " of London, or."

I. 18. To leave out from " Miles" to the End of the Line, and insert " thereof" instead thereof.

Pr.' 3. 1. 4. After "One" to insert " in the said " City of London, or " and to leave out from "Miles" to "or" and insert " thereof" instead thereof.

1. 9. After "any" to insert "Wire or " other."

Pr. 4. 1. 4. After " One " to insert " in the City " of London, or."

5'TTo leave out " of the City of London a ^7 and insert "thereof" instead thereof.

P. 5. 1. 22. After " One " to insert " in the " City of London, and " and to leave out from " Miles " to the First "and" in 1. 23, and insert " thereof" instead thereof.

Pr. 7. 1. 2. After "annexed" to insert "from the Average Price of the finest " Sort or Description of Wheaten " Flour allowed by this Act to be " manufactured."

Pr. 10. 1. 2. To leave out " cheaper" and insert " last mentioned" instead thereof.

1. 9. To leave out " cheap."

1. 12. To leave out " cheap."

Pr. 11. 1. 5., After "relating" to insert "to the " making any Returns of Meal " and Flour, and to setting and ascertaining any Assize or Price of " Bread, and also."

9. After "adulterated" to insert "that " are not altered or repealed by or " contrary to the Provisions of this " Act."

At the End of the Bill, to add a Table of the Price and Assize of Bread.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House, and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prevent, until the Sixth Day of November One thousand Eight hundred and One, and from thence to the End of Six Weeks from the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, the manufacturing of any Fine Flour from Wheat, or other Grain, and the making any Bread solely from the Fine Flour of Wheat; and to repeal an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for permitting Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of Bread, and to make more effectual Provision for the fame.

Ordered, That Mr.- Ryder do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. agge presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill to remove Doubts arising upon the Gon-struction of an Act, of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting Bounties on the Invportafion of Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Pease, Beans, " and Indian Corn, and of Barley, Rye, Oat, and Indian " Meal, and Wheaten Flour and Rice :" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, T\\a.t the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed te a Committee of the whole House.

11 C Resolveedt

Bill to remove Doubts in Wheat, &c. Bounty Act9 presented *

committed *

confuierfd.

Bounties on Importation of American Flour, to he couiuiered.

Bill to remove Doubts in Wheat, &c. Bounty Act, palTetL

Hemp Importation Bill, palftd.

Population Account Bill, paired.

Salt DutyFii Bill, passed.

924 22 0 Decembris.A. 1800.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Consumption, was, according to Order, read the Third itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Time.

said Bill. Refo, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title The House accordingly resolved itself into the said be, An Act for allowing, until the Fifteenth Day of Oc-Committee. tober One thousand Eight hundred and One, the Use

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. of Salt Duty-free in the preserving of Fish in Bulk or

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee. in Barrels; for protecting Persons engaged in such Fish-

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. eries from being imprefi'ed into His Majesty's Service;

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they for discontinuing the Bounty payable on White Herrings had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to re- exported; and for allowing a Bounty on Pilchards, now port the same to the House, without any Amendment; cured, whether exported or fold for HomeConsumption. and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table. Ord, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed. Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve The Bill (now ingrossed) to prohibit, for a Time to be Stale Bre-ut itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider limited, any Person or Persons from felling any Bread BlU' p;i"ed of enlarging the Bounties to be paid oft the Importa- which shall not have been baked Twenty-four Hours, tion of Flour from America. was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Committee. Bill, by way of Ryder, For empowering the Wardmote

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Incjueft, and other Persons, to search for and seize Bread

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee. which may be found in Bakers Baskets, or other Convey-

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. ances, which shall not have been baked Twenty-four

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they Hours, had come to several Resolutions; which they had di- And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the reded him to report, when the House will please to Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be receive the same. made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to Morning next. the Bill, by way of Ryder, For imposing a Penalty on

Persons obstructing the searching for Bread.

An ingrossed Bill to remove Doubts arising upon the And the said Clause was brought up, and Twice read Construction of an Act of this Session of Parliament, with Blanks.

intituled, "An Act for granting Bounties on the Im- And it being proposed to fill the said Blanks with cerportation of Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Pease, Beans, tain pecuniary Penalties;

" and Indian Corn, and of Barley, Rye, Oat, and Indian Ref, That the said Clause be committed. Meal, and Wheaten Flour and Rice," was read the Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Third Time. Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve be. An Act to remove Doubts arising upon the Con- itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the strudion of an Act of this Session of Parliament, inti- said Clause.

tuled, " An Act for granting Bounties on the Importa- The House accordingly resolved itself into the said " tion of Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Pease, Beans, and Committee.

" Indian Com, and of Barley, Rye, Oat, and Indian Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

* Meal, and Wheaten Flour and Rice." Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder do carry the Bill to the Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the said Clause, and made several The Bill (now ingrossed) for allowing the Importation Amendments thereunto'; which they had directed him of undressed Hemp from any of the Countries that lie to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the East Ordered, That the Report be now received.

India Company, free of Duty, was, according to Order, Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Corn-read the Third Time mittee, the Amendments which tins Committee had

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title made to the said Clause, and which they had directed be. An Act for allowing the Importation of undressed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in Hemp from any of the Countries that lie within the his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the East India Com- Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the pany, free of Duty. Amendments were Twice read; and, upon the Question

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Then the said Clause was read the Third Time; and,

upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the The Bill (now ingrossed) for taking an Account of the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Di- Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title minution thereof, was, according to Order, read the be. An Act to prohibit, until the First Day of Oc-Third Time. tober One thousand Eight hundred and One, and from

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title thence to the End of Six Weeks next after the Combe, An Act for taking an Account of the Population of mencement of the then next Session of Parliament, any Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof. Person or Persons from felling any Bread which shall not Ordered, That Mr. Abbot do carry the Bill to the have been baked Twenty-four Hours.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for allowing, for a Time to be limited, the Use of Salt Duty-free, in the preserv- The Bill (now ingrossed) for continuing, for a Time Turnpike ing of Fish in Bulk or in Barrels, for protedling Per- to be limited, the several Acts for regulating the Turn- Bona^n^fnk fons engaged in such Fisheries from being imprefied into pike Roads in Great Britain, which expire at the End of Bill, paired. His Majesty's Service, and for allowing a Bounty on the present Session of Parliament, was, according to Pilchards now cured, whether exported or fold for Home Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved,

Expiring Laws Bill, pulled.

Quarantine Bill, passed.

Firoccedings on East India Judicature Act.

Earl Bathurst's Estate Bill, reported, and passed.

41 Geo. III. 220 — 29 0 De925

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing, until the First Day of June One thousand Eight hundred and One, the several Acts for regulating the Turnpike Roads in Great which

expire at the End of the present Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Bill (now ingrafted) to continue several Laws relating to the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch, to the enabling H is Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into this Kingdom in Neutral Ships, and to the authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade to The C'af>e of Good Hope, was, according to Orders read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to revive and continue, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, and amend, so much of an Act of the next Session of Parliament as relates to the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch; and to continue for the same Time the several Laws relating to the enabling His Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into this Kingdom in Neutral Ships; to the authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade to The Cape of Good Hopei and to the preventing Offences in obstructing, destroying, or damaging Ships, and in obstructing Seamen and others from purtuing their lawful Occupations.

Ordered, That Mr. Braggedo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for erecting a Lazaret on Chetney " in the County of Kent, and for reducing into One Act " the Laws relating to Quarantine, and for making further Provision therein," as far as regards the Payment of the Tonnage Duty in the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for erecting a Lazaret on Chetney Hill, in the County " of Kent , and for reducing into One Act the Laws relating to Quarantine, and for making further Provision therein," as far as regards the Payment of the Tonnage Duty in the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Clerk had prepared, and laid upon the Table, a List of the Names of all the Members of the House who had delivered in Lifts, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences comfnitted in the East Indies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luneey 2 90 die Decembris; Anno 41 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1800. Prayers.

MR. Steele reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for obviating a Doubt arising on the Power of Sale Vot. 55.

and Exchange contained in a Settlement of the Estates of the Right honourable Henry Earl Bathurst, was committed } That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the' Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Steele do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the several Persons imprisoned for Debt in His Majesty'sGaol at Dorchejle in and for the County of Dorset s And also,

A Petition of the Freemen and Citizens of London, confined for Debt in His Majesty's Prison of Ludgate; Were severally presented to the House, and read j Complaining of their Distress j and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table,

Mr. William Dundas reported to the House, That their Address of the 19 th Day of this Instant (to

lay before His Majesty a Copy of the Fifth Report made from the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider of the present High Price of Provisions j and humbly to desire that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to advance, out of the Civil List, such Sum as His Majesty may think necessary for the immediate Relief of the Poor in the Parishes of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, Mile End New Town, and Christ Church Spital Fields; and to assure His Majesty that this House will make good the fame) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Address.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. Wilmot:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One, and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace or others who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes until the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Eight hundred and One; to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them until the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Eight hundred and One to provide Admissions duly stamped j to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand Eight hundred and One} and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transqjit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for that Purpose until the First Day of September One thousand Eight hundred and One without any Amendment: And also.

The

Dorchester and Ludgate Debtors Petitions.

Answer to Address.

The Lords have agreed to

Exchequer Bills Bill.

Indemnity

Bill.

B'il to con-t u/ H C\> UUS Mil pcn'.ion Act.

Kill to amend L-i.'i Ti.xKf *

Srve ! fh Her-:nv3 Bill.

Bill to coni'-i'Jc Act for I' i. nmi nt or Aru mo!s to induce bea r L iui 1‘ orcvi.

Vfl India

< r 01 i . m- s of A c-

toLintc Bill.

Cirno Free AI:n: Bill.

C rrnuda and b out Vincent's Loan Lxtension 1LU.

Bread Bill.

Bill to remove

Doubts in Wheat, See. Bounty Act.

Salt Duty Fish Bill.

2 90 Decembris.

A. 1800.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for further continuing, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, several Act , made in the Thirty-eighth and Thirnty-ninth Years of H s «etent Majesty's Reign, and in the last Session of Parliament, f«»r empowering His Majesty to secure and detain tuch IV Ions as 11 is Majesty shall suspect are conspiring; against His Pei Ion and Government; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the le-vcral Acts, made in the Thirty-eighth and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of II is present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, for the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to permit, until the First: Day of One thousand

K;ht hundred and One, the Importation of Swedish Herrings into Great Britain; without any Amendment: n d alto,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for further continuing, until the First. Day of One thousand Eight hundred and Seven, an Act, made in the Thirty-Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Prevention " and Punishment of Attempts to leduce Persons, " l'erving in His Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land, from " their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite " run to Mutiny or DU'obediencewithout any Amendment: And aito.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to authorize His Majesty to appoint Commissioners for the more effectual Examination of Accounts of Public Expenditure, for His Majesty's Forces in the West during the present War; without any Amendment: And al: >.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making the Port of Amfterda, in the Island ot Curaçao, a Free Port; without any Amendment: And all'o, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, until Six Months after the Conclusion of a General Peace, Three Acts, made in the Thirty-third and Thirty-eighth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for establishing Regulations relptfting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cafes j without any Amendment: And all'o.

The laards have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for extending the Time for the Payment of certain Sums of Money, advanced by way of Loan to several Persons connected with, and trading to, the Blands of Grenada and Saint Vincent; without any Amendment: And»iflfo. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent, until the Sixth Day of November One thousand Eight hundred and One, and from thence to the End of Six YVceks from the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, the manufacturing of any Fine Flour from Wheat, or otherGrain, and the making of any Bread solely from the Fine Flour of Wheat; and to repeal an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of H is present Majesty, for permitting Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of Bread, and to make more effectual Provision for the fame; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to remove Doubts arising upon the Construction of an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for granting Bounties on the Importation of Wheat, " Barley, Rye, Oats, Peal'e, Beans, and Indian Corn, " and of Barley, Rye, Oat, and Indian Meal, and " Wheaten Flour and Rice without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing, until the Filteeeth Day of October One thousand Eight hundred and One, the Use of Salt Duty-Free in the preserving of Fish in Bulk or in Barrels; for 2

protecting Persons engaged in such Fiilieries from being impressed into is Majesty's Service j for discontinuing the Bounty payable on White Herrings exported; and for allowing a Bounty on Pilchards now cured, whether exported or fold for Home Consumption; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing the Importation of undressed Hemp from any of the Countries that lie within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the East India Company, free of Duty; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prohibit, until the First: Day of October One thousand Eight hundred and One, and from thence to the End of Six W ceks next after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, any Person or Persons from felling any Bread which shall not have been baked Twenty-four Hours; without any Amendment: And allb.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to revive and continue, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, and amend, so much of an Act of the last Session of Parliament as relates to the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch; and to continue for the same Time several Laws relating to the enabling His Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into this Kingdom in Neutral Ships; to the authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade to the Cape of Good and to the preventing Oft'ences in obstructing, destroying, or damaging Ships, and in cbftructing Seamen and others from puriuing their lawful Occupations; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for erecting " a Lazaret on Chetney Hill, in the County of Kent; and " for reducing into One Act the Laws relating to " Quarantine, and for making further Provision therein," as far as regards the Payment of the Tonnage Duty in the Islands of GuernJ'ey, Jersey, , r,

or Man; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, until the First Day of June One thousand Eight hundred and One, the several Acts for regulating the Turnpike Roads in Great Britain, which expire at the End of the present Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadow's, YYafte, and other Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places,- ithin the Parish of Ojford , in the County of Huntingdon; without any Amendment: And all'o, /

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Waste Grounds, and also the Open Fields and Meadows, and Commonable and Intermixed Lands, within the Parish of Arlingham, in the county of ; without any

Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Hemp Importation Bill.

Stale Bread Bill.

Expiring Laws Bill.

Quarantine

Bill.

Population Account Bill

Turnpike Road Acts continuing Bill.

Offord Cluney Inclosure Bill.

Arlingham inclosure Bill.

The House being informed, that Mr. Bedford (from Account of the Exchequer) attended at the Door; he was called in; puMi^Debt and, at the Bar, presented to the House, presented.

A Paper, intituled, " Return to an Order of the " House of Commons, for an Account of the Amount " of the Public Funded Debt of the Kingdom at the " following Periods; viz. at the Beginning of the " Years 1700 — 1710 — 1720 — 1730 — 1740 — 1750 —

" 1760 — 1765 — 1770 — 1775 — 1780 — 1785 — 1790 —

" 1791 —

Journal to be printed.

Address for Money for printing Journals, &c.

Ditto for making Indexes toVotes.

Ditto, for Attendance on Committees.

Ditto, to make

lip Deficiency of Sum voted for printing Journals, See, of lait Scilion.

Address for Dignity to the Chaplain,

Report respecting Bounties on

41 Geo. III. 29 Devembris £27

" 1791 — 1792 — 793 — 794 — 795 — ^796 — 1797 —

" 1798 — 1799, and 1800."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Ui'e of the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this present Session, with an Index thereto, be printed.

Ordered, That One Thousand Five Hundred Copies of the said Journal and Index be printed, by the Appointment, and under the Direction, of Ley, El-quire, Deputy to the Cleric of this House.

Ordered, That the said Journal and Index be printed by such Person as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker; and that no other Perl'on do presume to print the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Three Thousand Pounds to be advanced to Mr. Luke Hansard and Mr. John Nichols, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journals of the House of Commons, of printing and delivering the Votes, and for printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, by Order of the House of Commons, in the pre^ lent Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Three Hundred and Fifty Pounds to be advanced to Mr. George Whittam, for making an Index to the Votes of this House of the last Session of Parliament, and all'o an Index to the Votes of the present Session, and for defraying the Expence of printing the fame; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will . make good the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order such Compensation, as His Majesty shall think proper, to be made to sundry Officers of the House of Commons, for their Attendance on Public Committees of the said House, in the last and present Sessions of Parliament.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That: He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Seven Thousand One Hundred and Forty-nine Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Three Pence, to be advanced to Mr. Luke Hansard, for defraying the Expence incurred for printing the Journals of the House of Commons, of printing and delivering the Votes, and of printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, by Order of the House of Commons in the last Session of Parliament, over and above the estimated Sum granted by Parliament for those Services.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, Nemine Contra die ente, That an humble Ad-

dress be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. William Bufly, Chaplain to this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Mr. Long do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was Vol. 55.

referred toconfitler of enlarging the Bounties to be paid on the Importation of Flour from America.

Mr. Long accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee bad directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be given on every Barrel of Superfine Wlteaten Flour of One Hundred and Ninety-six Pounds Weight, which shall be imported into Great Britain in any Ship which shall have cleared out from any Port in America between the 12th Day of November 1800 and the 10th Day of January 1801, and shall be lcld by Public Sale by Auction within Two Months alter Importation, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the actual Price of each Barrel of such Flour l'o iold shall be less than Eighty Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be given on every Barrel of Fine Wheaten Flour of One Hundred and Ninety-six Pounds Weight, which shall be imported into Great Britain in any Ship which shall have cleared out from any Port in America between the 12th Day of November 1800 and the 10th Day of January 1801, and shall be sold by Public Sale by Auction within Two Months after Importation, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the actual Price of each Barrel of such Flour to fold shall be Ids than Seventy-eight Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be given on every Barrel of Superfine Wheaten Flour, of One Hundred and Ninety-six Pounds Weight, which shall be imported into Great Britain in any Ship which shall have cleared out front any Port in America between the iotli Day of January and the 25th Day of March 1801, and shall be sold by Public Sale by Auction within Two Months after Importation, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the actual Price of each Barrel of such Flour l'o fold shall be less than Ninety Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be given on every Barrel of Fine Flour, of One Hundred and Ninety-six Pounds Weight, which shall be imported into Great Britain in any Ship which shall have cleared out from any Port in America between the 10th Day of January and the 25th Day of March 1801, and shall be sold by Public Sale by Auction within Two Months after Importation, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the actual Price of each Barrel of such Flour so fold shall be less than Eighty-eight Shillings.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in the East Indies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And the several Lifts, which had been before delivered in at the Table, in pursuance of the Directions of the said Act, by Members of this House, being laid upon the Table;

The said Lifts were, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, taken out of the Covers, and put together into a Box, by the Clerk, at the Table.

Ordered, That the said Lifts be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the fame, and report to the House, Tomorrow, the Name of every Member whole Name shall appear in Twenty, or more of the said Lifts:

And they are referred ta Mr. Mr. William

11 D das.

Iirrcitrfjrn of American FJour.

Proceeding on East India Judicature Act.

House adjourned.

Motion for an Address respecting Peace.

Neg.

Answers to Addreil'es.

928 a 90 — 30° — 31° Decembris. A. 1800.

das, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Gascoxne, Mr. Fullarton, Mr. Eliot, of Commons, in the present Session of Parliament; and

Mr. Strutt, Sir Richard King, Mr. Smith, Mr. Adams, also, that His Majesty would be graciously pleated to Mr. Ryder, Mr. Wilberforce: And they are to withdraw, order the Sum of Three Hundred and Fifty Pounds to immediately, into the Speaker's Chamber. be advanced to Mr. George for making an In-

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Com dex to the Votes of this House, of the last Session of mittee. Parliament, and also an Index to the Votes of the present Session, and for defraying the Expence of printing And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow the same; and also, that His Majesty would be graci-Morning, Ten of the Clock. ously pleased to order such Compensation, as His Majesty should think proper, to be made to sundry Officers of the House of Commons, for their Attendance on Public Committees of the said House, in the last and present Sessions of Parliament; and also, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Seven Thousand One Hundred and Forty-nine Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Three Pence, to be advanced to Mr. Luke Hansard, for defraying the Expence incurred for printing the Journals of the House of Commons, of printing and delivering the Votes, and of printing Bills,

THE House met, and being counted by Mr. Reports, and other Papers, by Order of the House of Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were Commons in the last Session of Parliament, over and not present; yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr. above the estimated Sum granted by Parliament for Speaker took the Chair; and having again counted the those Services) had been presented to His Majesty;

House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint -present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a this House, that fie will give Directions as desired by Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the the said Addresses.

Clock. Mr. Dundas also reported to the House, That

their Address of Monday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. William Chap-

lain to this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that fie will confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Air. William Busby, as is desired.

Mr. Manning reported from the Committee, who were Report on appointed to enquire into the State of the Coal Trade Coal Trade.

AMOTION was made, and the Question being of this Kingdom; and to whom the Report which, put, That an humble Address be presented to His upon the 23d Day of June, in the last Session of Par- Majesty, humbly requesting that He would be graciously liament, was made from the Committee, who were ap-pleased to take into Consideration the unhappy Condi- pointed to enquire into the present State of the Coal tion of His Subjects, suffering from Famine, the Confe- Trade of this Kingdom, and to report their Opinion quence of those Measures which His Ministers have thereupon to the House, was referred; That the Corn-adopted in the Prosecution of the present War: That mittee had enquired into the Matter to them referred;

Peace alone can afford immediate and complete Relief and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the from this Calamity: That He would take into Confi- House; and he read the Report in his Place; and deration the Decrease of the Gold Coin, and the immi- afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appen-nent Danger of National Bankruptcy from the Issue of dix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Re-Paper Money: That His faithful Commons fee with port was read.

much Anxiety the Prospect of new Contests with other Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table,

Powers: That they are penetrated with the deepest Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Affliction when they behold His Majesty's Ministers, Report and Appendix be printed, as shall be sufficient alike regardless of the Honour and Safety of the King, for the Use of the Members of the House. and the Welfare of His People, obstinately persevering The said Report is preserved amongst the other

to refill every Offer from the Enemy to treat for Peace: Papers of this Session.

That His faithful Commons have, therefore, thought it N.B. A printed Copy is with the Original,

their Duty to recommend to His Majesty immediately

to take Measures for opening a Negotiation for Peace Mr. Ryder reported from the Committee appointed Supplement' with France; to consider of the present high Price of Provisions; and

The House divided. to whom so much of llis Majesty's most Gracious Caminitteeon

The Yeas went forth. Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament, Provitwns.

Tellers for the Yeas, 1°""') 1. f rel, atcs thereto, and also the several Petitions pre-

(Mr, Kobjon :,) tented to the House, complaining of the high Price of

Teller for rVif NV>pc fMr. William Dundas,) Provisions, were referred; That the Committee had

VThe Lord Hawkejbtiry:$ agreed upon a Supplement to be added to their First'

So it passed in the Negative. Report; which they had directed him to report to the

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and al- Mr. William Dundas reported to the House, That terwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix their Addresses of Monday last (that His Majesty would thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Three Thou- was read.

sand Pounds to be advanced to Mr. Luke Hansard and Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. John Nichols, towards defraying the Expence of Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said priming the Journals of the House of Commons^ of Report and Appendix be printed, as shall be sufficient printing and delivering the Votes, and for printing for the Use of the Members of the House.

Bills, Reports, and other Papers, by order of the House Mr. also reported from the said Committee, Sixth Report

8 I hat Committct.

Mercuriiy 310 Decembris;

Anno 41 Georgii III"1 Regis, 1800.

Prayers.

Mart is, 30° die Decembris;

Anno 41 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1800. Pkaye rs.

Third Report to be prinled.

Returns pre-i'ented.

Men raised for the Army.

Men discharged.

Men killed, &c.

Men serving.

Royal Assent to Bills.

41 Geo. III. 310 Decembris. 929

That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The laid Reports are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. Printed Copies are with the Originals.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Report, which, upon the 15th Day of this Instant December, was made from the said Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the -House.

Mar Secrerary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N 1. Return of the Number of Men who have been raised for the Service of the Army since the Commencement of the present War, as far as can be made up from Documents in the Adjutant General's Office — 24th December 1800: And also,

N° 2. Return of the Number of Men who have been discharged from the Service of the Army on Account of Wounds or bodily Infirmity, since the Commencement of the present War, as far as can be made up from Documents in the Adjutant General's Office — 24th December 1800: And also,

N° 3. Return of the Number of Men who have been killed in Action, or who have died in the Service of the Army, since the Commencement of the present War, as far as can be made up from Documents in the Adjutant General's Office — 24th December 1800: And also,

N° 4. Return of the total Number of Effective Rank and File actually serving in the Pay of Great Britain, as per last Returns — 24th December 1800.

And the Titles of the kid Returns were read.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Returns be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House. v

The said Returns are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis neux. Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following; viz.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One, and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament:

An Act to remove Doubts arising upon the Construction of an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting Bounties on the Importation of W heat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Pease, Beans, " and Indian Corn, and of Barley, Rye, Oat, and " Indian Meal, and Wheaten Fiour and Rice

An Act to prevent, until the Sixth Day of ber One thousand- Eight hundred and One, and from thence to the End of Six Weeks from the Commence-men of the then next Session of Parliament, the manu-facturing of any Fine Flour from Wheat, or other Grain, and the making of any Bread solely from the Fine Flour of Wheat; and to repeal an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-

Vol. 55.

jesty, for permitting Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of Bread, and to make more effectual Provision for the fame;

An Act to prohibit, until the First Day of October One thousand Eight hundred and One, and from thence to the End of Six Weeks next after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, any Personor Persons from felling any Bread which shall not have been baked Twenty-four Hours:

An Act to permit, until the First Day of October One thousand Eight hundred and One, the Importation of Swedi/JiHerrings into Great Britain:

An Act for allowing, until the Fifteenth Day of October One thousand Eight hundred and One, the Use of Salt Duty-free in the preserving of Fish in Bulk or in Barrels; for protedling Persons engaged in such Fisheries from being impressed into His Majesty's Service; for discontinuing the Bounty payable on White Herrings exported; and for allowing a Bounty on Pilchards now cured, whether exported or fold for Home Consumption:

An Act for further continuing until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, several Acts, made in the Thirty-eighth and Thirty-ninth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, and in the last Session of Parliament, for empowering His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against His Person and Government:

An Act for further continuing, until the First Day of August One thousand Eight hundred and Seven, an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to leduce Persons, serving in His Majesty's Forces by Sea " or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience

An Act for continuing, until Six Months after the Conclusion of a General Peace, Three Acts, made in the Thirty-third and Thirty-eighth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cafes:

An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof: An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several Acts, made in the Thirty-eighth and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, for the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax:

An Act for extending the Time for the Payment of certain Sums of Money, advanced by way of Loan to several Persons connected with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent:

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace or others who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes until the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Eight hundred and One; to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admis-fions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them until the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Eight hundred and One, to provide Admissions duly stamped; to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the same on or before the First Day of JMichaelnun Term One thousand Eight hundred and One; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transi-mit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks

of

Nis Majesty Speech *

930 3 i0Decembris. v 18 00.

of the Peace within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the 'fime limited for that Purpose until the First Day o'i September One thousand Eight hundred and

One t

An Act for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for erecting a Lazaret on Hill, in the County of Kent, and for reducing into One Act the Laws relating to Quarantine, and for making further Provision therein," as far as regards the Payment of the Tonnage Duty in the lllands of JerseyAlder-

ney, S.irk, or A Lin:

An Act to revive and continue, until the Expiration of Six \Y eeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, and amend so much of an Act of the last Session of Parliament as relates to the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch; and to continue for the same Time several Laws relating to the enabling His Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into this Kingdom in Neutral Ships; to the authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade to The Cape of Good Hope; and to the preventing Offences in obstructing, destroying, or damaging Ships, and in obstructing Seamen and others from purluing their lawful Occupations:

An Act for allowing the Importation of undressed Hemp from any of the Countries that lie within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the East India Company, free of Duty:

An Act to authorize His Majesty to appoint Commissioners for the more effectual Examination of Accounts of Public Expenditure, for His Majesty's Forces in the West Indies, during the present War:

An Act for making the Port of Amsterdam, in the Island of Curaçao, a Free Port:

An Act for continuing, until the First Day of June One thousand Eight hundred and One, the several Acts for regulating the Turnpike Roads in Great Britain, which expire at the End of the present Session of Parliament: An Act for obviating a Doubt arising on the Power of Sale and Exchange contained in a Settlement of the Estates of the Right honourable Henry Earl Bathurst:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Waste and other Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Offord Cluney, in the County of Huntingdon:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Waste Grounds, and also the Open Fields and Meadows, and Commonable and intermixed Lands, within the Parish of Ailing ham, in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for naturalizing C

After which, His Majesty was pleased to make a most Gracious Speech from the Throne, to both Houses of Parliament; as followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I cannot suffer this Session to close without returning you My particular Acknowledgements for the distinguished Industry and Zeal with which you have applied yourselves to the interesting Object which, at the Commencement of the Session, I most especially recommended to your Attention.

It has been My earnest Wish that nothing should be omitted which could tend to relieve the Pressure occasioned by the present Dearth of Provisions, and to in-lure a sufficient Supply till the Produce of the next Harvest can be brought into Use.

The Diligence with which your Inquiries have been conducted has afforded you the belt Means of ascertaining the true Circumstances of Our present Situation; and the extensive Measures which you have wifely adopted in consequence, fordiminishing the Consumption of Grain, and procuring an encrealed Supply, will,

I doubt not, be found productive of the most salutary Effect.

Much, however, must depend on the Disposition which will, I am confident, be manifested by all those who have the Means of carrying into Execution My solemn Recommendation and Injunction, ill'ued at your Desire, for the Adoption of all practicable Economy in the Use of those Articles which are necessary to the Subsistence of the poorer Clafl'es of My Subjects.

The Time fixed for the Commencement of the Union of Great Britain and Ireland necessarily terminates your Proceedings on this important Subject; but I am persuaded that the Consideration of it will be resumed with the same Zeal and Temper on the First Meeting of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.

The early Period which I have appointed for that Meeting will afford a speedy Opportunity of completing whatever you may have necessarily left unfinished, and of considering what Measures may tend further to alleviate the Pressure on My People, or to prevent the Danger of its Recurrence.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I thank you for the Readiness with which you have granted the Supplies neccliaty, under the present Cir cumstances, for the Public Service.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

The Detention of the Property of My Subjects in the Ports of Russia, contrary to the most solemn Treaties, and the Imprisonment of Sailors in that

Country, have excited in Me Sentiments, in which you ana all My Subjects will, I am sure, participate. I have already taken stich Steps as this Occasion'indif-penfably required, and it will afford Me great Satisfaction if they prove effectual: But if it shall become necessary to maintain, against any Combination, the Honour and Independence of the British Empire, and those Maritime Rights and Interests on which both Our Prosperity and Our Security must always depend, 1 entertain no Doubt either of the Success of those Means which, in such an Event, 1 shall be enabled to exert, or of the Determination of My Parliament and My People to afford Me a Support proportioned to the Importance of the Interests which We have to maintain.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by His Ma^ jetty's Command, said.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It is His Majesty's Command, that the Proclamation, declaring His Majesty's most Gracious Intention, that the Members of Parliament composing this Parliament should be the Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland on the Part of Great Britain, and that the said Parliament should be afi'embled on the 2 2d Day of January next, be delivered in full Parliament, and now read, which closes the present Session.

And the said Proclamation was read by the Clerk, at the Table; and is as followeth; viz.

f GEORGE R.

Whereas, by the Fourth Article of the Articles of the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, as the same are ratified and confirmed by Two Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the Parliament of Great Britain, intituled, "An Act for the Union of Great Britain and ," the

other passed in the Parliament of Ireland, also intituled, "An Act for the Union of Great Britain and ," to

have Force and Efteft from the First Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and One, it is provided, that if We, on or before the said First Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and One, on which Day the Union is to take place as aforesaid, should declare, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, that it is expedient

Parliament

jelofed.

4-i Geo. III. 31 Dece031

dicnt that the Lords and Commons of the present Parliament of Great Britain should be the Members of the respective Houses of the First Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and on the Part of Great Britain; then the said Lords and Commons of the present Parliament of Great Britain should accordingly be the Members of the respective Houses of the First Parliament of the said United Kingdom, on the Part of Great Britain: And whereas it is Our-Inten-tiort to appoint Thursday the Twenty-second Day of January next ensuing for the assembling of the First Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, by Proclamation under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom $ We do judge it to be expedient that the Lords and Commons of the present Parliament of Great Britain should be the Members of the rcl'pec-tive Houses of the First Parliament of the United Kingdom, on the Part of Great Britain: And We do, pursuant to the said Articles of Union, and to the Acts of Parliament ratifying and confirming the fame, hereby declare, under Our Great Seal of Great Britain, that it

is expedient that the Lords and Commons of the pre-ient Parliament of Great Britain should be the Members of the respective Houses of the Fiift Parliament of the United Kingdom of G Britain and Ireland, on the Part of Great Britain; and the Lords and Commons of the present Parliament of Britain are accord-

ingly to be the Members of the respective Houses of the First Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, on the Part of Britain; and the said Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, are hereby required and commanded to take Notice hereof, and to give their Attendance accordingly, at Westminster, on the said Twenty-second Day of January next ensuing.

Given at Our Court at St. James's, the Fifth Day of November One thousand Eight hundred, in the Forty-first Year of Our Reign.

God save the KING.

r

Vox,. 55.

[INDEX removed.]

